the

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 37.

Mm* 37.

A

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From November the 26th, 1778,

In the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

To August the 24th, 1780,

In the Twentieth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 37.

Vol. 37.

B

Mtffage to

lttend

the King.

Issue of Writ* in the Rtcefs.

Member* take Oaths.

[ 3 ]

JOURNAL S

r . 4 # ' . r,

; t . 1 %r,) , ‘

O P THE

H O USE of COMMON S.

Sess. ; ms-9.

Jcvis, 26° die Novembris;

Anno 19* Georgii III1*1 Regis, 1778.

MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir

Francis AJolyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants, to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, " in the room of such Members as shall die during the " Recess of Parliament," he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the following Places; viz. for the Borough of mouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Maurice Suckling, Esquire; for the Borough of in the County of Carnival/,in the room' of Sir Charles Whitworth, Knight; and for the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, in the room of Sir Charles Sedley, Baronet.

A Member present, and several Members returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and lub-feribed the Declaration, and took and lubscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and lubscribed the said Oath, accordingly.

Vol. 37.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers-, where His Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have called you together in a Conjuncture which demands your most: serious Attention.

In the Time of profound Peace, without Pretence of Provocation, or Colour of Complaint, the Court of France hath not forborne to disturb the public Tranquil-'lity, in Violation of the Faith of Treaties, and the general Rights of Sovereigns; at first by the clandestine Supply of Arms and other Aid to My revolted Subjects in North America, afterwards by avowing openly their Support, and entering into formal Engagements with the Leaders of the Rebellion, and at length by committing open Iloftilities and Depredations on My faithful Subjects, and by an actual Invasion of My Dominions in America and the West Judies.

It is, I trust, unnecessary for Me to allure you, that the same Care and Concern for the Ilappinels of My People, which induced Me to endeavour to prevent the Calamities of War, will make Me desirous to fee a fte-storation of the Blcflings of Peace, whenever it can be effected with perfect Honour, and with Security to- the Rights of this Country.

In the mean Time, I have not neglecded to take the proper and necessary Measures for disappointing the malignant Designsof Our Enemies, and alto for making general Repril’als; and although My Efforts have not been attended with all the Succels, which the Justice of Our Caule and the Vigour of Our Exertions leemed to promise, yet the extensive Commerce of My Subjects has been protected in moll of its Branches, and large Reprisals have been made upon the injurious Aggrel-fors, by the Vigilance of My Fleets, and by the active and enterprising Spirit of My People,

Clandestine

Outlawries.

The King’s Speech repotted.

4

46" Novembris. A. 1778.

The great Armaments of other Powers, however friendly and sincere their Professions, however just and honourable their Purposes, must necedarily engage Our Attention.

It would have afforded Me very great Satisfaction to have informed you, that the conciliatory Measures, planned by the Wisdom and Temper of Parliament, had taken the desired Effect, and brought thq Troubles in North America to a happy Condufion.

In this Situation of Affairs, the national Honour and Security call so loudly upon Us for the most active Exertions, that I cannot doubt of your heartiest Concurrence and Support. From the Vigour of your Councils, and the Conduct and Intrepidity of My Officers and Forces by Sea and Land, I hope, under the Blessing of God, to derive the Means of vindicating and maintaining the Honour of My Crown, and the Interests of My People, against all Our Enemies.

Gentlemen of the Hause of Commons,

I will order the proper Efti mates for the Service of the ensuing Year to be laid before you; and when you consider the Importance of the Objects for which We are contending, you will, I doubt not, grant Me such Supplies as you shall judge necessary for the public Service, and adequate to the present Emergency.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I have, according to the Powers veiled in Me for that Purpose, called forth the Militia, to assist in the interior Defence of this Country; and I have, with the greatest and truest Satisfaction, been Myself a Witness of that public Spirit, that Heady Ardour, and that Love of their Country, which animate and unite all Ranks of My faithful Subjects, and which cannot fail of making Us safe at Home, and respected Abroad.

Addrefr A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-m ° h posed. That an humble Address be presented to His n*» peec . j^ajc^ tQ return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Speech from the Throne;

To acknowledge His Majesty’s paternal Regard for the Happiness of His People, in His earnest and uniform Endeavours to preserve the public Tranquillity, and the good Faith and Uprightness of His Majesty’s Conduct to all Foreign Powers; and to assure His Majesty, that we have seen with Concern and Indignation that Tranquillity disturbed by the Court of France, without the least Pretence of Provocation, or Colour of Complaint; and that we have, with the warmest Emotions of Resentment, marked the Prog refs of their malignant Designs against this Country; first, by a clandestine Aid and Supply of Arms to His Majesty’s revolted Subjects in North; afterwards, in

Violation of the Faith of Treaties, and contrary to the Rights and common Interest of every Sovereign State in Europe possessed of Colonies and Dependencies, by entering into and avowing formal Engagements with the Leaders of the Rebellion; and, at length, by committing open Hostilities and Depredations, and by actually invading Part of His Majesty’s Dominions in America and the West Indies:

That we cannot but feel Concern and Regret, that the Measures taken by His Majesty, for disappointing these hostile and malignant Designs, have not been attended with all the Success which the Justice of the Cause, and tire Vigour of the Exertions, seemed to promise; yet we have at the same Time seen, with great Satisfaction, the extensive Commerce of His Majesty’s Subjects protected in most of its Branches, and large Reprisals made on the injurious Aggressors, by the Vigilance of His Majesty’s Fleets, and the active Spirit of the Nation:

That it would have given His faithful Commons the truest Happiness, to have received the Communication from His Majesty, that the just and humane Purposes of His Majesty, and His Parliament, for quieting the Minds of His revolted Subjects, had taken the desired Effect, and had brought the Troubles in North America to a happy Condufion.

To assure His Majesty, that His Majesty may rely on the hearty and zealous Occurrence ancf Assistance of His faithful Commons, in enabling His Majesty to liVflce -the most active and vigorous Exertions by Sea and Land, for vindicating and establishing the national Honour and Security ;g ' >0 declare our stedfast Resolution, and renew ou*triolemn Assurances, to His Maje%. that this House, convinced of the Importance of the ObjeCks for which we are contending, and impelled by every Motive of Duty and Interest that can animate the Hearts of Britons, will effectually assist His Majesty in the Profecurion of the present just and necessary War; and that they will, to the utmost of their Power, support His Majesty against all His Enemies;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, -by.inferring after the Words " ,"

at the End of the Second Paragraph, these Words;

" To assure His Majesty, that with the truest Zeal for " the Honour of the Crown, and the warmest Affection for His Person and Family, we are ready to give " the most ample Support to such Measures as may " be thought necessary for the Defence of these Kingdoms, or for frustrating the Designs of that restless Power, which has so often disturbed the Peace of " Europe; but that we think it one of our most important Duties, in the present melancholy Posture " of Affairs, to inquire by what fatal Councils, or " unhappy Systems of Policy, this Country has been " reduced from that splendid Situation, which in the " early Part of His Majesty’s Reign made her the " Envy of all Europe, to such a dangerous State, as " that which has of late called forth our utmost Exertions, without any adequate Benefit."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J*£" rmn/hmi, J l0?

Tellers for the Noes.j g?r' ' Jo: } "6*

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring after the Word " Condufion," at the End of the Fourth Paragraph, these Words; w To assure His Majesty, that we do most heartily concur with His Majesty, in the just Approbation he " has been pleased to express of the public Spirit, which " has so conspicuously animated all Ranks of His Majesty’s faithful Subjects to Hand forth, at this " Time of Danger, in the Service of the Militia, who,

" by their Discipline, and steady Perseverance in their " Duty, have enabled His Majesty to avail himself of that constitutional Force for the Defence of this Country."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Speech from the Throne:

To acknowledge His Majesty’s paternal Regard for the Happiness of His People, in His earnest and uniform Endeavours to preserve the public Tranquillity, and the good Faith and Uprightness of His Majesty's Conduct to all Foreign Powers; and to assure His Majesty, that we have seen with Concern and Indignation that Tranquillity disturbed by the Court of France, without the least Pretence of Provocation, or Colour of Complaint; and that we have, with the warmest

Emotions

19 Geo. III. a6‘- — 270 Novembris. $

Emotions of Resentment, marked the Progress of their malignant Designs against this Country; first* by a clandestine Aid and Supply of Arms to His Majesty’s revolted Subjects in North Am; afterwards, in violation of the Faith of Tieaties, and contrary to the Rights and common Interest: of every Sovereign State in Europe possessed of Colonies and Dependencies, by entering into and avowing formal Engagements with the Leaders of the Rebellion; and, at length, by committing open Hostilities and Depred? and by actually invading Part of His Majesty’s Dominions in America and the West Indies-.

That we cannot but feel Concern and Regret, that the Measures taken by His Majesty, for dilappointing these hostile and malignant Designs, have not been attended with all the Success which the Justice of the Cause, and the Vigour of the Exertions, seemed to pro-mi fe; yet we have at the fime Time seen, with great Satisfaction, the extensive Commerce of His Majesty’s Subjects protected in most of its Branches, and large Reprisals made on the injurious Aggressors, by the Vi-gilence of His Majesty’s Fleets, and the active Spirit of the Nation:

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker dd ifluC his Warrant to Calliujto* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for ""* the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Callington, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Dyke Ac land, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House, having continued to lit till after Two of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till this Morning Eleven of the Clock.

Venerisy 270 die Novembris;

Anno 19* Georgii IIP1' Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new

Lymingtort

Writ.

That it would have given His faithful Commons the truest Happiness, to have received the Communication from His Majesty, that the just and humane Purposes of His Majesty and His Parliament, for quieting the Minds of His revolted Subjects, had taken the desired ElfcCt, and had brought the Troubles in North America to a happy Conclusion:

To allure His Majesty, that we do most heartily concur with His Majesty, in the just Approbation He has been pleased to express of the public Spirit, which has so conspicuously animated all Ranks of His Majesty’s faithful Subjects to Hand forth, at this Time of Danger, in the Service of the Militia, who, by their Discipline, and Heady Perseverance in their Duty, have enabled His Majesty to avail Himself of that constitutional Force for the Defence of this Country.

To allure His Majesty, that His Majesty may rely on the hearty and zealous Concurrence and Assistance of His faithful Commons, in enabling His Majesty to make the moil active and vigorous Exertions by Sea and Land, for vindicating and establishing the national Honour and Security; and to declare our stedfast Resolution, and renew our solemn Assurances, to His Majesty, that this House, convinced of the Importance of the Objects for which we are contending, and impelled by every Motive of Duty and Interest that can animate the Hearts of Britons, will effectually assist His Majesty in the Prosecution of the present just and necessary War; and that they will, to the utmost of their Power, support His Majesty against all his Enemies.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Mr. Price Campbell, Mr. Rice, Mr. Pent on, the Lord North, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Ellis, Lord George Germain, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Cornwall, the Lord West cote, Sir John Goodricke, Mr. Charles

Townshend, Mr. Robinson, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Ord, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Stanley, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Nottingham Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Nottingham, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Fiennes Pelham commonly called Earl of Lincoln, deceased.

Vol. 37.

Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lymington, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir Harry rard. Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

A Petition of John Freeman, Esquire, Lord of the Win/crtort Manor of Winferton, in the County of Hereford, and of Inclosure. the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Estates within the Manor and Parish of Winferton aforesaid, waspre-fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Closes, or Pieces of Inclosed Land, which are the sole Property of the said John Freeman, subject to Right of Common at certain Times in the Year; and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the said Closes, or Pieces of Inclosed Land, if the said Right of Common was extinguished, and a proper Recompence made to them in lieu thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extinguishing the Right of Common upon the said Closes, or Pieces of Inclosed Land, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Alderman Harley, Mr. Johnes, and the Lord Bateman, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of William Pochin, Esquire, Lord of the Barkby Manor, and Patron of the Vicarage and Parish Church, Inclosure of Barkby, in the County of Leicester, and a Proprietor of a very considerable Part of the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Barkby aforesaid; and of Nathaniel Palmer Johnson, Esquire, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Places, on Behalf of themselves, and all other the Proprietors and Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it will be advantageous to the Proprietors, and Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Places, to have the feme divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, in proportion to, and in lieu of, their several Properties therein, to be held in Severalty for ever ’ And therefore praying. That Leave may be

C given

Grand

Committees.

Committee

of

Privileges.

Petums to be questioned within Fourteen Days*

Usual

Orders*

6 27® Novembris. 1778.

given to bring in -a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-dosing, the said Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Places, in such Manner as to tire House lb all seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Palmer, and Mr. , do pre-

pare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be appointed:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. , Sir Grey Cooper, the Lord North, Mr. Dunning, Mr. Strakan, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. Stanhope, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Towt, tfhenMr. Luttrell, Mr. Jer-

voice, Mr. Greville, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Byng, the Lord

Lewisham, Mr. Ptywnall, Mr. , Mr. Frederick

Montagu, Mr. Gybbon, Mt. Sir William Bagot,

Mr. Powys, Mr. Graves, Sir George , Mr.

Jlow, Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Johnes, the Lord Bateman, Mr. Fax, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Sir Richard Worjlev, Mr. Keen, Mr. HungeSir William GuiJe, Mr. Baldwyn, Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Burke, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Morton, Mr. Rigby, the Earl Nugent, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. John Jione, Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, Mr. Robinson, Sir William Lemon, Mr. Parker, Mr. Stanley, Colonel Bar re, ?,lr. Solicitor General, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Lord George Lenox'. And they are to meet upon . night, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Friday,

and Wednesday, in the Afternoon; and all who*come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time 10 Time; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Per Tons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and if any Tiling shall come in Question.touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That all Persons who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and lo within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members who are returned for Two or more Places do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Eletfion of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Refqlved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That, where this House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexa-

tious the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned again!!.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be defied or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Misdeameanour; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That, in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against-the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody -any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be difehavg-ed out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery' thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the xVIorning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Patfages through the Streets between Temple Bar and shall be kept free and open; and that no Obilructions be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Seiyeant ax Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered,

Usual

Orden.

Ablingtoa

Uciofuxf.

19 Geo. III. 27° Novembris. 7

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care, Vill, or Tything, belonging to the Petitioners and others, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in West-which, in their present State, are incapable any con-' pti»Jer-Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, dur- siderable Improvement, but would be very much im-ing the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no An- proved by an Inclosure thereof: And therefore praying, noyance, by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, or fhereabouts. allotting, and inclosing, the said Open Common Fields

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High and Commonable Lands, among!! the Proprietors there-Bailiff of Westminster-, and that he do fee the same put of, and Persons interested therein, under such Regain Execution. lations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur-Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading William Guise and Mr. Barrow do prepare, and bring in, thereto. the fame.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this A Petition of George Mattocks, Gentleman, was pre- Birmingham House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other fented to the House, and rend; Setting forth. That Theatre. Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen at- Birmingham is a large and very populous Town; and tending the Members of this House to wait in that a great Number of Persons of considerable Pro-

perty either conltmtly rcfiJe there, or frequently re-Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this fort thereto, who are delirous of having a public Thea-House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall tre established there, under proper Regulations; and presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that that the Petitioner and Mr. Jo/ep/i Younger are Lessees no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by of a certain Building in King , in the said Town, the special Order of the House. very proper and conveniently situated for the Purposo of

a Playhouse: And therefore praying, That Leave may Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting, or loiing, be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Per- grant a Patent to the said Joseph Younger and the son appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Petitioner, for the Use of the said Building as a Office to this House, or some oilier Person to be ap- Theatre.

pointed by the Poll Master General, do, for the future. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays Confderation of a Committee: And that they do exa-excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two appear to them, to the House:

Hours at the lea ft immediately after the Riling of the And it rs referred to Mr. Strahan, Sir William Bagot,

House, and also from Five of the Clock in the After- See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at noon till Seven, at the Place appointed fir the Del.very Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; end of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Re-there, to deliver the same to the several Members to cords, whom they shall bedirested, or to their known S- i va.it

or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands A Petition of Charles Brandling, Esquire, Lord of the Supplying of the Members lending for the tame. Manor of , in the County of York, Owner and 1

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going Proprietor of divers Coal Works in the said Manor, wu oa,s' away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and Places adjacent, and the several Inhabitants in the and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the said County, . aforesaid. whole Names are thereunto subscribed, waspresented to

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by virtue of Master General. an 1 cfh, passed in the Thirty-first Year of King George

the Scrond, for establishing Agreements made between Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, directed Charles Brandling, Esquire, and other Persons, Proprie-to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open tors of Lands, for laying down a Waggon Way, for the lame; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, the better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated Leeds, in the County of with Coals, the said

to this House. Charles Brandling has been at a great Expence in lay-

ing down a Waggon Way, from a Place called Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this CloJ'e, near the Bridge in aforesaid, to leve-

House do, from Time to Time, when the House is ral of his Coal Works in , situate upwards

going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Commit- of Two Miles from Cajon Close (being the Repository tees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a appointed by the said Act, for delivering Coals to the Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and Inhabilants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds)-, void. and that, by the said Act, the said Charles Brandling is

obliged. Yearly, during such Time as he lit all continue Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, the said Waggon Way, to bring to the said Repository being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do ap- Twenty thousand Dozens of Coals, or Two hundred point the Printing thereof; and that no Person but and Forty Thousand Coifs, at the leaf!:, and to fell the such as he shall appoint do presume to print the same at the Rate of Four Pence Three Farthings a lame. Corf, each Corf to contain in Weight about hundred and Ten Pounds, and, in Measur, Seven thousand A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Six hundred and Eighty Cubical Inches; and that the thereunder subscribed. Owners of, and Persons intcrell- said Charles Brandling hath, ever since the passing of the ed in, the Open Common Fields, and Commonable said Act, Yearly, brought down from his Coal Works to Land, within the Hamlet, Vill, or Tything, of Ab'ing- the said Repository, the full Quantity of Coals stipulated ton, in the Parish of Bibury, in the County of Gloucester, in the said Act, but the same are found not sufficient for was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and that the said That there are several Open Common Fields, and large Charles Brandling hath been put to great Expence in pur-Quantitics of Commonable Land, in the said Hamlet, chafing of Coal, in linking Coal Pits at a much greater Vol. 37. Depth

Address on the King’s Speech.

8

270 — 2 8° N

A. 1778.

Depth in the Earth, by laying and maintaining Waggon Ways to his said Coal Pits, in leading the said Coals a much greater Distance, and by paying greater Prices for Wood and Labour, than at the Time of passing the said Act; and that it would be a great Advantage, not only to the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, but also to the other Towns in the said Act mentioned, if a larger Quantity of Coals, than ftipu-lated in the said Act, were brought from the Coal Works of the said Charles Brandling to the said Repofi-tory, and there fold for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, but, for the Reasons above set forth, the same cannot be done at the Price fixed in the said Act; and the said Charles Brandling, being willing to deliver, at the said Repository, Ten thousand Dozens of Coals each Quarter of the Year, during the Continuance of the Term in the said Act mentioned, or such other Term of Years as may be deemed requisite, provided Sale can be had for the fame, at the Rate of Five Pence Halfpenny a Corf, which, by the Petitioners, Inhabitants in the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, is thought a reasonable Price; and the said Petitioners also think, that the Manufacturers in the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds being supplied, in the Manner above-mentioned, with a larger Quantity of Coals, will be greatly beneficial to the Trade thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Amendment of the said Act, for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions, and subject to such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lascelles, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Grevillereported from the Committee, appointed

Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the Iloule; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty the Thanks of this House, for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

We acknowledge, with the utmost Gratitude, Your Majesty’s paternal Regard for the Happiness of Your People, in Your earned: and uniform Endeavours to preserve the public Tranquillity, and the good Faith and Uprightness of Yrour Majesty’s Conduct to all Foreign Powers: And we allure Your Majesty, that we have seen with Concern and Indignation, that Tranquillity disturbed by the Court of France, without the lead Pretence of Provocation, or Colour of Complaint; and we have, with the warmed Emotions of Resentment, marked the Progress of their malignant Designs against this Country; first by a clandestine Aid and Supply of Arms to Your Majesty’s revolted Subjects in North America; afterwards, in Violation of the Faith 0fT1eat.es, and contrary to the Rights and common Interest of every Sovereign State in Europe pof-leftfed of Colonies and Dependencies, by entering into and avowing formal Engagements with the Leaders of the Rebellion; and, at length, by committing open Hostilities and Depredations, and by actually invading

Part of Your Majesty's Dominions in America and the

West Indies.

We cannot but feel Concern and Regret, that the Measures taken by Your Majesty, for disappointing these hostile and malignant Designs, have not been attended with all the Success which the Justice of the Cause, and the Vigour of the Exertions, seemed to promise; yet we have at the same Time seen, with great Satisfaction, the extensive Commerce of Your Majesty’s Subjects protected in most of its Branches, and large Reprisals made on the injurious AggrelTors, by the Vigilence of Your Majesty’s Fleets, and the active Spirit of the Nation.

It would have given Your faithful Commons the truest Happiness, to have received the Communication from Your Majesty, that the just and humane Purposes of Your Majesty, and Your Parliament, for quieting the Minds of Your revolted Subjects, had taken the desired Effect, and had brought the Troubles in North America to a happy Conclusion.

Your faithful Commons do most heartily concur with Your Majesty, in the just Approbation You have been pleased to expressof the public Spirit which has lo con-fpicuously animated all Ranks of Y our Majesty’s faithful Subjects to Hand forth, at this Time of Danger, in the Service of the Militia, who, by their Discipline, and Heady Perseverance in their Duty, have enabled YTour Majesty to avail Yourself of that constitutional Force for the Defence of this Country.

Your Majesty may rely on the hearty and zealous Concurrence and Assistance of Your faithful Commons, in enabling Your Majesty to make the most active and vigorous Exertions by Sea and Land, for vindicating and establishing the national Honour and Security; and we beg Leave to declare our stedfast Resolution, and renew our solemn Assurances to Your Majesty, that this House, convinced of the Importance of the Ob-jests for which we are contending, and impelled by every Motive of Duty and Interest that can animate the Hearts of Britons, will effectually assist Your Majesty in the Prosecution of the present just and necessary War; and that we will, to the utmost of our Power, support Your Majesty against all Your Enemies.

The laid Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address, to be presented to His Ma-

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

£ t

ua.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to The both Houses of Parliament, be taken into Consideration Kin®^ ®r*ech *., Tomorrow Morning. ’

considereJ

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbatii, 2 8° di Novembris;

Anno 19* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

THE Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That His Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to

be

Time appointed for receiving Address.

19 Geo. III. ',28® — 30 N9

be attended this Day, at Two of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

Winforton Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the Motile, accord* inclosur* ing to Order, a Bill for extinguishing the Bight of Common, upon certain inclosed Lands, within the Parish of Winforlon, in the County of Hereford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read;

Tht Kino’i The House proceeded to take into Consideration Speech His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of considered. parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luneey 30° die Novembris \

Anno 19* peorgii 111*" Kegis, 1778. Prayers.

Wood \ PETITION of Sir Baronet,

Baftwick Jljl. Lord of the Manor of Wood La-

Indoiitrc. viles, in the County of Norfolk, on Behalf of himself, and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, within the Parish of Wood Baftwick aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is within the said Parish a certain Open Common, or Piece of Wide Land, belonging to the Petitioner, and others, which, in its present uncultivated State, yields but little Profit to the several Persons entitled thereto; but it would be very advantageous to them if the same was divided and inclosed, and specific Allot -ments thereof made to them, according to their respective llights and Intevefts therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common, or Waste Land, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as the House shall thing proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Aftley, Mr. Coke of and Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Ludlow A Petition of the several Trullees whose Names are Roads. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest, of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Thehlarkct House, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Act, several Tolls were granted, and divers Powers given, for repairing the said Roads, which were to take Place from the Tuesday Three Weeks next after the passing thereof, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and the Trustees, named in the said Act, were empowered to borrow Money on the Security of the said Tolls, and several other Powers were thereby granted; and that several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, which, with Vol. 37.

the Tolls collected* have been duly applied in repairing the said Roads, and for the other. Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and that the Trustees aft ing under the said Act (imagining by Mistake that they had a further Term of Five Years therein by virtue of an Act made for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Roads of this Kingdom) neglected in due Time to apply for a Continuance of the said Act of the Twenty-ninth of his late Majesty* which expired at the End of the last Session of Parliament; ami that there remained due at the Expiration of the said Act, a large Sum of Money borrow ed on the Credit of the Tolls, which cannot be repaid, nor can the Roads be kept in good Repair, unless the Term granted by the said recited Act be continued, and some Additions and Alterations made in the Powers thereof; and that the Trustees, and others aft ing under them, have, by the Mistake aforesaid, proceeded in collecting the Tolls, and executing the other Powers given by the said Act, from the Expiration thereof hitherto, not having, till very lately, been apprised of the Expiration of the said Act, which Tolls so collected have been applied in repairing the {hid Roads, and paying the Interest of the Money borrowed, in the la me Manner as before the Expiration thereof And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, from the Time of the Expiration thereof; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads; and for indemnifying the Trustees, and others, who have continued to act since the Expiration of the said Act, as if the same had been in Force, in such Manner as to the House shall foem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: ,

And it is referred to Mr. Jo/ines, the Lord,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Rocords.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty on Saturday last wiih their Address; to which His Majesty was pleated to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you My Thanks for this very loyal and af- The King's feftionate Address. I am convinced, that nothing can Antwer so effectually promote the public Service, as your Re- . ,*° f solution and Firmnelsat this Time: 1 shouki ill deserve ws’ the Support of My faithful Commons, and the Zeal cf My People, for the Honour of My Crown, if I did not make their Safety, and their Happiness, the constant Objects of My Care and Concern.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions Private for private Bills, alter the Second Day of February next.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Pe- Linlithgow tition of the Freeholders and Heretors, of the County Roads, of Linlithgow and Bath'gate, for themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Laws now in being, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges by Statute Labour, have been found ineffectual in the County of Linlithgow and -

gate;and that it is necessary that other and further Powers be given to the Heretors and Justices of Peace of the said County, effectually to carry the Intention of the said Laws into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Dili for

D the

Supply.

Calverton

Inclosuie.

WMtftable

Oyster

Fishery.

ro 30® NovembriE-

the Purposes aforesaid, and to grant the Petitioners such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William , Mr.

&c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-Morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, l° die Decembris\

Anno 190 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several of the Land Owners and Persons interested in the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Forest, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Catverton, in the County of ham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the said Parish, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, so that the same are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that if the fame, together with the Commons, Forest, and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, it would tend to the great Benefit and Advantage of the Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Eyre and Lord Edward Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Free Fishers and Dredgers belonging to the Oyster Fishery within the Manor and Royalty of WhitfiabU, in the County of Kent, in Behalf of themselves, and all other Free Fishers and Dredgers there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That for Time out of Mind there hath been an Oyster Fishery within the said Manor and Royalty, limited by well-known Marks and Bounds, wherein all Persons, who have been regularly admitted Freemen of the said Fishery at a Court of Dredging, and none others, have a Right to fish for or catch Oyf-ters, or the Brood thereof; and that the Petitioners whole Depepdance for themselves and Families is in the

— 1° Decetnbris.: A. 177S.

said Fishery, which is greatly annoyed and prejudiced by Strangers and other Persons fishing and dredging for and carrying off the Oysters, by which Means the Free Fishermen are deprived of their immediate Property, and the Brood destroyed, by fishing in improper S.a-fons; and that, if the said Fishery was protected from such Practices, the same would be of great Advantage and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the East Part of the said County of Kent, especially to the poorer Sort; and the said Fishery hath been a great Nursery for Seamen for the Royal Navy: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectually securing the said Fishery, by such Means as tire House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition 1% referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. St. John, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the' Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Edward AJlley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Wood Bailwick in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That an humble Adcfrels be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously plealed to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies, or Extracts, of all Papers transmitted to His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the American Department, by Lieutenant General Burgoyne, since the signing the Convention of Saratoga: And also, Copies, or Extracts of the Correspondence that has paired between the said Secretary of State, and any of His Majesty’s Generals, Commissioners, or other Officers, respecting the Ratification of the Convention of Saratoga, or other Matter wherein the Troops of the said Convention are concerned.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of thelateft Weekly Accounts received at the Admiralty, of the Number of Seamen and Marines borne and muttered on board the several Ships and Vessels of the Royal Fleet, respectively, now in Commission.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfolf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1779, with an Estimate of the Halfpay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Marines, as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered,

Wotd

Battwick

lnctofore*'

American

Colonies;

Convention

of

Saraiopu

Accounti

of

Seamen, Ucm

Supply,

Navy and Arm/ Ellimateff See.

19 Geo. ill.

1° — 2* Decembris.

ir

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necdiary for the Buildings, Be buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1779, belaid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Lind Forces, for the Year 1779, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1779, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half-pay for the Year 1779, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out-Pensioners of C/ie/fea Hospit for the Year 1779, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years, ended at the 5th Day of April, 1778, and the 10m Day of October, 1778, as well of or for the Excels or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excels or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fucd.

Refolded, That an humble Addness be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, 7'hat the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Monty Account of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the ruled by Exchequer, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, in pur-2" fuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty " to raise a Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," and to whom the same were ' issued.

Account Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out *BiUj*Utr by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of *. " Money, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service

" of the Year 1778."

American Refohed, That an humble Address be presented to Colonies} His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give er* Dire<^jotlS) that there be laid before this House, Copies Utw York, of the several Papers that have been published by Authority at New York, relating to the Proceedings of His Majesty’s Commissioners there.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,2* die Decembris;

Anno 19® Georgii III'"; Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

A BILL for extinguishing the Right of Common

upon certain indofed Lands, within the Parish " of IVinforton, in the County of Hereford, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. A1-. derman Harley, Mr. Graver, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’3 Chamber.

A Petition of Charles Roe, of Macclesfield, in the County Palatine of Chester, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner has, at his own Expence, erected a Church or Chapel, and' fitted up the same in a proper, decent, and commodious Manner, for the Performance of Divine Service, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England; and also allotted, set our, and indofed, a Piece of Ground for a Church or Chapel Yard, Cemetery, or Burying Ground thereto, containing Eighty Yards in Length, and Seventy Yards in Breadth, Part of a Field called The Marly Bank, the Property of the Petitioner, in the Town of Macclesfield, in the Parish of Preftbury, in the said County of Chester-, and that the Petitioner is willing and desirous to endow the said Church or Chapel with the Sum of One Hundred Pounds per Annum to the Minifies and proper Salaries to the Clerk, ganifl*

Sexton, and other Officers, to be paid out of the Rents and Profits arising from the Seats, Pews, and Sitting Places, in the said Church or Chapel, when the same shall be consecrated; and also to advance and pay the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, for the Purpose of augmenting the Maintenance of the Ministers of Rainow and Saltersford Chapels, with the said Parish of Prefibury, in the Manner directed by an Act made in the Second and Third Years of Queen Annei for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, upon Condition that the Petitioner, his Heirs and Assigns, shall, from and after the Consecration of the said new Church or Chapel, from Time to Time, for . ever, have, and be inverted with, the foie Right;

of nominating, or presenting, a proper Person, to be licenced by the Lord Bishop of Chester for the Time being, to perform Divine Service therein; and also of appointing Church or Chapel Wardens, and other proper Officers and Persons for the Service of the said Church or Chapel 5 but the Petitioner is informed, that the Right of Nomination, or Presentation, of a Minister to officiate in the said Church or Chapel, and the Appointment of Church or Chapel Wardens, and other proper Officers and Persons as aforesaid, cannot be properly vested in him, his Heirs and Assigns, nor the said Annual Stipends secured to such Minister and other Persons, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Sir George Warren and Sir Thomas Eger ton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Charles Aifirappe, Esquire, Lord of Brattf<rby the Manor of the County of Lincoln, Inciofunn

Mary Codd, Widow, Thomas Hill, and others, Proprietors of Messuages <?r Tenements, Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Brattleby aforesaid, was Voi.. 37. presented

Answer to A'idress to

Estimates,

ko.

Sapply.

American Colonies; Commiflumen at

New York.

Barkby

Inciosure.

12

2° — 3" De

A

1778-

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal, in the said Parish arc divers Open Common Fields and Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers I.,ands, Houses,

Op____________________ .

Grounds, wherein the different Properties lie dii'perled, Tythes Impropriate, Propriation of I) the', ai d and lb intermixed, that in their present State they are able Underwoods, within the several Hundreds oi incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying. That and Thr celling, in die County of

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and whole Names are thereunto fublcnbed, on Be*

inclosing the said Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, half of themselves and all others chargeable w;di, and subject to l'uch Orders and Regulations as the House contributing to, the Maintenance and Relief of the shall judge proper. Poor, within the said several Hundreds, was; relented

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur- to the House, and read; Setting forth, I hat the

~ Poor of the several Parrlhcs within the said Hundreds

have of late Years greatly increeled, are now very numerous, and are supported at a much greater Expence than formerly; and that the granting of proper Powers for their better Government and Regulation, and providing a Place for their general Ret ep: ion, will tend to the more effectual Relief of inch a- by Age,

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elwes, Lord Brownlow Bertie, and Mr. , do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Hbiehiugbrook reported to the House,

That their Addresses of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copies of the several Papers, together with the Infirmities, or Diseases, are rendered incapable of lup-Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, porting themselves by their Labour, to the bet lei Em-might be laid before this House) had been presented ployment of the Able and Induftiious, to the Cor-to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded redtion and Punishment of the Profligate and Idle, anti him to acquaint this House, that He will give Direc- *° the Education of poor Children in Religion and

tions accordingly.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Industry, whereby the Poor, instead of being wholly supported by the Public, may contribute to the mutual Support, Assistance, and Relief, of each other, and become useful to the Community, to which they have hitherto been only a heavy and grievous Burthen; and that it hath been found by Experience in several Hundreds in the said County, and in Norfolk, some Time since incorporated by Authority of Parliament, that the Poor may be much better provided for, and be

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they maintained at much less Expence to the Public, by had come to several Resolutions; which they had di- being brought together into One House, where they retted him to report, when the House will please to may be properly employed and regulated under the receive the feme. Care of proper Persons to be employed for that Pur-

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow P?fe: And therefore praying. That Leave may be Morning. given to bring in a Bill for incorporating the Owners

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, that he was di- and Occupiers of Lands, Boufts, Tythes Impropriate, retted by the Committee to move, that they may have Propriation* of Tythes, and saleable Underwoods, within Leave to fit again. the several Hundreds or Hartsmere, Hoxne, and

Resolved, tL this House will, upon Friday Morn- with such srovisions, Authorities, and Powers

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *here*?’ f£r the be, Uer mamtaming, relieving, and govem-

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Wlthm the said sevenU Hundreds’M to the

Majesty. House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Lord George Germain presented to the House, pursuant Confident ion of a Committee: And that they do create their Address to His Majesty, ir?f the Matte,r thereof> a?d r*Port the &mc* as 1C

A printed Collection of Papere that have been pub- &all appear to them, to the House:

liftied at New York, relating to the Proceedings ot His , An<L’ ls.referr5d to

Majesty’s Commissioners there. . hur* &c: IAnd thV 2* to meet Tomorrow P

And the Title of the Book, containing the said Collection of Papers, was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 3* die Decembris \

Anno 19* Georgii III‘U Regis, 1778.

Praters.

MR. Hungerford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Barkby, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ffsrtfmerc, c c. tour.

Bun-Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to V secure and detain Persons charged with, or fui petted " of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any " of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America,

" or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy," might be read.

And the feme was read accordingly.

The House was alfoi moved. That an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing an Act made " in the last session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and detain *« Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High " Seas, or the Crime of Piracy," might be read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act

America;

Bill for detaining suspected Persons.

Accounts;

.Seamen

and

Marines.

tup; ly.

Way* ad Meant.

Exportation oi Corn.

19 Geo. III. 3 — 40

" Act to impower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High " Treason, committed in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America or on the High Seas,

" or the Crime of Piracy," for a further Time to be limited: And that Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Tuesday last, " That there be laid before this House,

" Copies of the latest Weekly Accounts received at the " Admiralty, of the Number of Seamen and Marines " borne and mustered on Board the several Ships and Vessels of the Royal Fleet respectively, now in Commission," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Questiou being put. That the said Order be discharged;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, cf^J} l07'

Tellers for the Noes

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

I Mr. Temple,

’ ( Mr. Dempster:

IS-

Mr. Qrd, according to Order* reported From the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and arc as so:loweth, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Seventy thousand Men be employed for the Sea-Service for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, including Seventeen thousand Three hundred and Eighty-nine Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Seventy thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of divers Merchants and Traders at chester, Arundel, Shoreham, i$c. in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Set-

ting forth, That, by the Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, to regulare the Importation and Exportation of Corn, the different Duties which arc payable on Corn imported have been made to depend entirely on the Pr ices thereof at the Places where the same may be imported, as they shall appear according to the Methods directed by the several Acts of Parliament for ascertaining the Rates and Prices of Corn and Grain imported; and that, in the Eastern District of the County of Sussex, the Prices of Corn have never been at all ascertained in order for Importation, although Application has been made to the Magift-ates for that Purpose; and that, in the Western District of the said County, it has not been done with that Accuracy which so important a Subject requires, neither have the proper Averages been always taken (as the Petitioners conceive) from the different Inland Market Towns, and the Returns have been sometimes made for feme particular Sorts of Corn only, and not for all Sorts, which several Omissions are, as the Petitioners also con-Voi. 37.

Decembris. 13

ccive, highly injurious, and render the above-mentioned most salutary Law's of little Effect: And therefore praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall fee expedient to grant.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of Port/- JLpojtatjoa mouth, Gosport, Emsworth, Havantthe Isle of Wight, 0 Corn*

and other Parts of the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the I louse, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, it is enacted, that the Importation shall be regulated by the Prices of Corn at the Ports and Places where it shall be imported, as the feme shall appear, according to the Methods directed by the several Acts of Parliament for ascertaining the Rates and Prices of Corn and Grain imported; and that such Directions are found (with respect to the Out Ports) to be very vague, and inadequate to so important a Purpose, and liable to great Abuse from interested Persons; and that at the Sessions held in October last at Wine heft er, for the said County of Southampton, Returns most notoriously false were made of the Prices of Corn, whereby Wheat imported into the said County was rendered liable to the Payment of the high Duty, contrary to the Intention of the said Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty; and that the Petitioners are advised no adequate Remedy is at present provided by Law for Abuses of this Kind, and apprehend, that without some new and more effectual Regulations for ascertaining the Port Prices of Corn in order for Importation, the good and beneficial Purposes of the said Act are liable to be constantly interrupted and perverted: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of John Daniel Hose, was presented to the Hole* House, and read; Praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Whitworth and Mr. Ord do prepare, and bring in the feme.

Sir George Warren presented to the House, according Macclesfield to Order, a Bill for making the Churth, or Chapel, Church, erected by Charles Roe, Esquire, in the Town of Macclesfield, in the County Palatine of a perpetual

Cure and Benefice; and for endowing the feme, and veiling the Right of Nomination or Presentation thereof in the said Charles Roe, his Heirs and Assigns; and for other Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vieneris, 4® die Decembris;

Anno 19* Georgii 1II, U Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

THE House was moved. That an Act, made in Drawback the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present on Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting further Time Muslin*, " for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of &c‘

" Mullins and Callicoes, imported by the East India " Company in the Years One thousand Seven hundred " and Seventy-three and One thousand Seven hundred " and Seventy-four; for allowing further Time to the " feid Company, to expose to Sale such Bohea and Sin-

E M glo

14 Decembrif. 1778;

" glo Teas arid Coffee as remained unfold on the Fifth " Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, and also such Bohea Teas as shall be im-M ported on or before a certain Time, and for allowing " the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas and

Coffee; and for granting further Time for allowing " the Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee imported " in the Ship Shrervfbury, in the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Seventy-three," might be read.

And the same being Tead accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of granting a further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of certain Mullins, Callicoes, and Coffee, imported.

Landing of The House was moved, That an A if, made in the last Pnze Goods. Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Relief " of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in, a Bill for extending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, to Prizes taken in pursuance of His Majesty’s Royal Proclamation, dated the Sixteenth Day ' of September One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight: And that Sir G-rey Cooper, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Amerna; Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to detain to ^rc^er» a Bill for continuing an Act, made in the suspected Seventeenth Year of tire Reign of His present Majesty, Persons. intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to secure t. " and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the " Crime of High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America or on " the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy," for a further Time to be limited: And the fahne was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hole’s Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to ’Nat. Order, a Bill for naturalizing Daniel Hose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Market A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free-holders, residing in the Counties of and War-

01 wick, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, Trustees

in a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road from the Town of Market " Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through

" the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the " City of Coventryand several other Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in the said Counties, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and other Trustees named in the said Act, have proceeded in putting the same in Execution, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money for that Purpose on the Credit of the Tolls arising from the said Road, but find that the said Road cannot be ' -effectually repaired and kept in Repair, and the Money

borrowed discharged, unless the Term granted by the v said Act be further continued, the Powers thereby given enlarged, and the said Act made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for prolonging the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner as to the; House shall seem moil meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hungerford, Sir &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom Supplying the Petition of Charles Brandling, Esquire, Lord of the Lew* ' Manor of Middleton, in the County of York, Owner, w*^* and Proprietor of divers Coal Works in the said Manor and Places adjacent, and the several Inhabitants in the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow'dh, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for establishing Agreements made between Charles Brandling, Esquire, and other Persons, Proprietors of Lands, for laying down a Waggon Way, in order for thp better supplying- the Town and Neigh- .

bourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals, was produced, and read: Whereby it appears, that the said Charles Brandling is obliged, Yearly, to bring, from the Coal Mines or Coal Works of him the said Charles Brandling, within the Manor of Middleton, in the County of York, or elsewhere, to a certain Repository or Coal Yard upon Caffon Close, near the Great Bridge at the Town of

Leeds, Twenty thousand Dozens of Coals, or Two hundred and Forty thousand Corfs, at the least, and to sell the same at the Rate of Four Pence Three Farthings a Corf, each Corf to contain in Weight Two hundred and Ten Pounds, and in Measure Seven thousand Six hundred and Eighty Cubical Inches. And,

Mr. Joshua Green, Agent to the said Charles Brandling, being examined, laid. That the said Charles Brandling has been at a great Expence in laying down a Waggon Way from Caffon Close to several of his Coal Works in Middleton, being upwards of Two Miles —

That the said Charles Brandling hath, ever since the Palling of the said Act, Yearly, brought down, from his Coal Works or Coal Pits to the said Repository, the Quantity of Coals stipulated by the said Act, and dif- .

posed of the same at the Price therein limited; but that the said Quantity hath been found not to be sufficient for the Supply of the Town of Leeds and its Neighbourhood, according to the Intention of the said Act, as the Number of the Buildings in the said Town and Neighbourhood is, since that Time, considerab’y in* created. — And being further examined, the Witness laid. That Mr. Brandling has been put to great Expence in purchasing of Coal, and sinking of Coal Pits at the Distance of a Mile further from the Town; and that the said Pits have been obliged to be funk to the Depth of One hundred and Forty Yards, which is Twice the Depth to which the same were fuak at the Time of the Palling of the Act:; and that the Waggon Ways from the said Pits have been made by him at a larger Expence, by Reason of the Collieries being extended to a greater Distance — That the Prices now paid for Wood, for the Use of the said Waggon Ways and Collieries, is advanced Twenty-five per Cent, above the Price formerly paid; and that the Day Wages of a Las-bourer is now advanced from Twelve Pence to Fifteen or Sixteen Pence — That he apprehends it would be a great Benefit and Advantage, not only to the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, but also to the other Towns in the said Act mentioned, if a larger Quantity of Coals than stipulated by the said Act, were brought from the Coal Pits or Coal Works of the said Charles Brandling, to the

laid

19 Geo. III. 4* Decembris. 15

/aid Repository, and there fold for the Purposes In the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King he Se- ®uPP*y,n8

said Act mentioned; but that the same cannot be afford- cond, intituled, "An Act for establishing Agreements, withCo^ ed at the Price fixed by the said Act. — And the Witness " made between Charles Brandling, Esquire, and other further said, That I-e apprehends, that in cfde the said " Persons, Proprietors of Lands, for laying down a Wag-Char/esBrandling should be obliged to deliver at the gon Wav, in order for the better supplying the Town ~ laid Repository, Ten thousand Dozens of Coals each " and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York,

Quarter of the Year, during the Continuance of the " with Coals," by enabling the said Charles Brandling to

Term in the said Act mentioned, or for such other supply, Annually, a larger Quantity of Coals to and for

Term of Years as may be deemed requisite (provided the Use of the said Town and Neighbourhood: And

the same can be fold) at the Rate of Five Pence Half-, that Mr. , Sir George Savile, Mr. Walter Spencer

penny a Corf, the fatr.e would be a reasonable Price, Stanh, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. do prepare, and

and be of great Advantage to the Town and Neigh- bring in, the fame.

bourhood of Leeds; and that he apprehends, that the

Increase of Three Farthiogs a Corf will not be more than The House being informed that Mr Account!;

a Compensation for the extra Expences occasioned by -the Exchequer, attended at the Duor; he was called in; Exchequer the increased Distance of the Collieries, and the other and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to extra Expences above mentioned. their Orders,

Mr. Thomas Barjow being then examined, laid, That An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, several Meetings were publicly advertised, in order to -made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session know the Sente oi the Inhabitants of the Town and of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Neighbourhood of Leeds, respecting the Increase of " Sum of Money, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Quantity of Coal.', and of the Pr.ce to be paid for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred the same at I he Repository in the Act mentioned; and " and Seventy-eightAnd also,

that lie attended such Meeting?, when the Mayor of the An Account of the Monies raised at the Receipt of Town of Leeds, and a great many of the Inhabitants of the Exchequer, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pur* the said Town and Neighbourhood were present, who fuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parlia-tlien declared their Wilhes that the said Propofols might ment, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty Be carried into Execution; and that he apprehends the " to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds " Purposes therein mentioned," and to whom the same are desirous of having the Quantity of Coals aug- were issued. mehted, and to pay Rich additional Price for the And then he withdrew, lame. And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill The laid Accounts are as followeth j viz. for rendering more beneficial an Act, made in the

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the Service of the Year 1778."

THE Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Five imndeed thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the

4th Day of December, 1778. John

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

' An ACCOUNT of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to " raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned j" and to whom the same were issued.

THE Monies raised by Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million, and were issued as follows; viz,

To Richard Rigby, Esquire, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces - - - - 1,000,000 — —

Exchequer, the 4th Day of D1778.

John Hugkfon,

Ordered,

4° Decembris. 1778.

Accounts; Eai* \<iia Goods.

Naval

Stores.

Whale

fishery.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that some of the Commissioners of the Custon.s attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited India Goods imported into Saint Helen % and private Trade Warehouse, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1777 to mas 1778; what delivered out for Exportation during that Period; and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1778: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into Leadenhall Warehouse, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1777 to Michaelmas 1778} also what exported during that Time; and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1778: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1777; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1778: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the rel'pedhve Ware-houses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1777; what have -been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1778: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at Saint Helen's, Leadenhall, and Billiter Lane, and the Custom House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1777, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed; what have been since returned, and what remained at Michaelmas 1778: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia, into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1777 to Michaelmas 1778: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from - Russia, into the Ports of England, commonly called the Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1777 to Michaelmas 1778; And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which

have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's

Streights and the Greenland , with their respective Names and Burthens; from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported in the Year 1778.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Rigby presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great , including those in jferfey and Guernsey, from 25th December 1778 to 24th December 1779, both inclusive, being 365

Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1779: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from 25th December 1778 to 24th December 1779, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Six Regiments of Foot, serving in North America, from 25th December 1778 to 24th December 1779, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days.

Mr. Rigby also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1779: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1779: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1779: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of Three Regiments of Fencible Men in North , from 25th

December 1778 to 24th December 1779, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Cloathing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1779: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of additional Companies to the Embodied Militia in South , for the Year

1778: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Cloathing for additional Companies to the Embodied Militia in South , for the Year 1778.

And the Titles of the said Estimateswere read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

Estimates;

Guards and Garrisons.

i1

ip Geo. lit

4° Decembr.

*7

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garritbns, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, including those in Jersey and Guernsey, from 25th December 1778 to 24th December 1779, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

Pay of the

Numbers. Troops and Regiments Total.

for 365 Days.

£ d. £. s.

181 - 17*6°5 3 4

- 181 - 17.603 3 4

- 174 tm m 10,870 18 4

- 173 m * 1^,743 3 4

Sl9 1,028 26,054 18 4 82,879 6 8

- 522 - 24.777 8 4

- 381 - 17,851 10 10

- - 17,851 10 10

- 38t - 17,851 10 10

38t - 17,851 10 10

- 382 - 17.897 3 4

- 381 - 17,851 10 10

- 381 - 17,851 10 10

- 381 - 17,851 10 10

- 381 - 17,851 10 10

- 381 4.333 17,851 IO 10 *03,338 9 2

- - 375 — — 17,824 3 4

- 2>®33 - 52,064 4 2

- ,»3°5 - 33,668 4 2

- I»3°5 - 33,722 19 1

L654 - 30,690 8 4

- 827 - 15,472 19 2

- 811 - " - 16,111 14 2

- 827 am m 15,472 19 2

- 811 - 16,111 14 2

- 827 - 15,472 19 2

- 827 - 15,472 19 2

827 - 15,472 19 2

- 827 - 15,472 19 2

m 677 13,587 2 6

- 827 - 15,472 19 2

- 1,170 - 21,133 IO —

- 1,168 - - 20,604 5 —

- 1,168 20,604 5 —

- 1,168 - 20,768 IO — -

- 1,169 - 21,042 5 —

- 1,169 21.397 21,042 5 — 429,462 — id

13,949 i 8

- 905 -

- 2,308 3*213 34,240 — 10 48,189 2 6

32,218 16 —

m - -

m - - 20, COO 52,218 16 —

- - 30.346 333,911 18 6

— — — 1 *

Horse.

First Troop of Horse Guards -Second Ditto -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second Ditto . Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards-Second Ditto -

Third Ditto -

Earl of Pembroke's Dragoons Earl of Panmurs Dragoons. / Lieut. General Fitzroy'%

Lieut. General Carpenter's Lieut. General Johnflons Sir George Howard's Sir John Mordaunt's -

Lieut. General Johnstone'%

Light

Dragoons.

General Elliott's -

''First Regiment of Foot Guards Coldstream Ditto -

Third Regiment of Foot Guards -Duke of Argyll's Regiment, 2 Battal Major General D. s Regiment

Sir William -

Lieut. General Murray's Lieut. General Sir John Sebright's -

J Lord George Lennox's . -00 ’ ' Sir Thomas Spencer

Sir David Liudfay's Lieut. General Urmstone's Lieut. General s

Colonel Piblon's -

Lieut. Colonel Mc -

Earl of Seaforth's -

Major General Calcraft's Sir William E>jline's -

-Colonel George Scott's

T i* j f Major General Regiment -

invalids. Twenty-six Independent Companies

Garrisons with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account

Total

War-Office, 2d December 1778.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1779.

General and General Staff Officers -

War-Office, ad December 1778. Vol. 37.

For 365 Days.

37,206 8

Barrington.

4° Decembris

A* 1778

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca ind Gibraltar, from 25th December 1778 to 24th December 1779, both inclusive 3 being 365 Days.

Lieutenant General Burgoyne's Regiment of Light Dragoons -Detachment of Foot Guards, exclusive of Officers General Hodgjlns Regiment of Foot ->

Karl Arrv’s....

Major General Prefcotds -

Lieutenant General Armfirong's -

Lieutenant General Sanjjurd's -

M dor General Faucitds -

Mud >r General Robertsons -

J Jcutcnant General Monektqn*s - - - *

Lieutenant General -

Lieu tenant General Cage's Sir William Howe’s -

Lord Adam Gordons -

Major General Maffef* -

Major General Gray’s -

Lieutenant General Evelyn s -

Sir AJcphus Cughtons -

Earl Cornwallis s -

Lieurena:.; General Campbell's - -

Sir Code's -

M nor General Sir Robert Pi golds -

Sir Robert Hamilton ....

Lord Murray's -Lieutenant General Carey s -

General Abercrombie's....

Lieutenant General Haviland*s -

Major G *nerai Vaughans -Sir Guy Carlcton\

Lieutenant General Sorell's -Li cutenant General Maitlands -

Lieutenant G merit Frapaud's -

Lieutenant General Frederick's -

Major General James Grands -

Sir John Irwine's -

Royal American Regiment, 4 Battalions -Lieutenant General Francis Grant's - ,

Lieutenant General Pomeroy's -

Major General Fry on's -

Lieutenant General Frazer's2 Battalions Lord Mc Lead's Regiment, 2 Battalions -Lieutenant Colonel Campbell's -

Colonel Lean's -

Captain Commandant Clarice's Corps -

Captain Commandant Dalrymp Corps

Garrisons in North Americaviz. Quebec, Montreal, St.

Augustine, Pensacola, Mobille, and Carolina

Jj" in Nova Scotia, Halifax, Placentia, St. John's in

Nevfound/and, Louiftourg, St. John's Island, Providence, Bermudas, and Africa Garrisons in the Islands of Grenada, St. Fincent, Dominica, and Fob ago -

Officers ierving with the Forces in North America Contingcnces upon Account -

A/ I N O R

1' arl of Eplintoune's Regiment of Foot -

Major General Morris's....

Officers of the Garrison, -

Number*. Pay of the Regiment-, &c. lor 365 Da)#. T OTAL.

£ d. jr. s. d.

- 49 2 - 19,448 8 4

1,069 - 17,766 7 6

811 16,hi 14 2

8ll - 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,294 4 2

8ll - i6,m 14 2

8i 1 - 16,111 14 2

811 - i6,m 14 2

811 - - i6,m 14 1

811 - - i6,m 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

811 - - i6,m 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

811 - i6,m 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

811 - i6,m 14 2

811 - i6,m 14 2

811 - i6,m 14 2

811 i6,m 14 2

811 - i6,m 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 0

1,400 - 24,716 11 8

811 - 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

8i 1 " 16,111 14 2 %

477 - - 1 1 10,940 17 6

811 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

8 11 - 16,111 14 2

2,709 - 54,604 — —

811 - 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,nr 14 2

677 - l3>5 s72 6

z>75+ 48,630 3 4

2,333 - 41,829 — —

1,168 - 20,604 5 —

1,169 - 21,042 5 —

214 - 4,170 2 6

578 - 10,250 8 4

AT n I 6 Knft Cl T _ T

U wVjU 1 v - IV,

- 3>558 »5 —

- - 3,226 10 —

- - 2,786 3 4

- " 43,212 19 2

- _ - 4,000 -T- —

- 56>784 7

677 13>5S7 2 6

677 - i3o87 2 6

T f A 27,174 5 -

*>354

- - — — 5,9-17 n

19 Geo. III.

4° Decembris.

GIBRALTAR.

Sir Henry Clintons Regiment of Foot Lieutenant General Boyd's Lieutenant General IValfh'% -

Major General Baugh's -Colonel Mazv hood's

Officers of the Garrison,

Provisions for His Majesty’s Forces serving in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, t£r. deducting 2id. per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer and Soldier, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by Government -Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar -Provisions for the Forces in the Ceded Inlands -Provisions for the Corps serving in deducing

z{d. per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer and Soldier, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by Government -

677

677

677

677

1,168

Total

£. s. d.

- x3>587 2 6

- - 13*5^7 2 6

- - x3»587 2 6

- - 13,587 2 6

- 20,768 10 —

7°

£ S* <L

75,117 — — 3»749 12 3

- - 72,0 95----

- - 22,816 6 —

- - i7>684 5 —

47,038

2,321 14 10

114,917 5 10

1,103,118 11 — »

War-Office, 2d December 1778.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irijk Establishment of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Six Regiments of Foot, serving in America, from 25th December 1778

to 24th December 1779, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

"Lieut. General Prcston's Regiment of Light Dragoons, according to the British Establishment -Paid by Ireland for the said Regiment -

Difference

Earl Liy outer's Regiment of Foot, according to the British Estabhlhment -

Paid by Ireland for this Regiment -

Difference

Lieut. General Parker's the same -Lieut. General Taylor's the same -Lord Frederick Cavendish's the same -Lieut. General Elphinftoue's the time -Lieut. General Valentine Jones's the same -

Total -

N umbers. Pay for 365 Days. Difference.

£ s. d. £. s. d.

494 19,448 8 4

- - 7,831 16 10

- 11,616 11 6

8n 16,111 '14 2

- - 9,227 5 10

- 6,884 8 4

811 - 6,884 8 4

811 - 6,884 8 4

811 - 6,884 8 4

811 - 6,884 8 4

811 - 6,884 8 4

5>36° £ 52,923 1 6

War-Office, 2d December 1778.

Barrington.

VOL. 37.

20

4* Decembris.

A. 1778

ESTIMATE of the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces for the Year 1779.

The Charge for 365 Days of forming Twelve Light Troops of Dragoon Guards and Dragoons, at £. 2. 10. 3. per Diem for each Troop -Charge of an Augmentation to the Royal Regiment of Foot, Two Battalions, at 15. 18. per Diem -D® to the Queen’s Regiment of Foot, at 7. 19. per Diem -

D° to Six other Regiments, at D° Rate -D® to Sir Henry Clinton's Regiment of Foot, at £. 13. 2. 4. per Diem -D® to Seven Regiments more, at D® Rate D® to Lieut. General Sorell's Regiment of Foot, at £. 20. 7. 4. per Diem -D® to the King’s own Regiment of Foot, at £. 6. 4. per Diem -

D® to Forty Regiments of Foot more, at D® Rate D® to the Royal American Regiment of Foot, Four Battalions, at £. 52. 9. 4. per Diem -

Charge of a Corps of Royal Highland Emigrants, Two Battalions, for same Time Levy Money for the Augmentation to the Foot, at £'S' 5* Man, for 11,252 Men -

Total -

Numbers Pay for 365 Days. Total Charge.

£. s. J.

72 - 11,004 15 —

s*« - - 5,803 10 —

164 984 - 2,901 15 — 17,410 10 — -

3*4 2,198 " - 4*787 11 8 33*5*3 1 8

5*4 - 7*433 16 8

180 7,200 2,263 90,520 V

1,256 13,210 19,150 6 *94*788 6 8

- 1,230 - 15*°99 *6 8

- - 59*073

- - 14,440 L *78*961 3 4.

War-Office, 2d December 1778.

Barrington,;

k

*9

Geo. III.

4® Decemb

ai

K S'pl MATE of tlje Charge of the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great , pursuan* to Treaties, for the Year 1779.

GIBRALTAR Three Battalions of His Majesty’s Hanoverian Infantry

MINORCA.

Two Battalions of the same - *

NORTH AMERICA.

Troops of Hejfe CaJJel, including Staff Officers -

Two Regiments of Hanau -Regiment of Waldcck -

1 roops of the Reigning Duke of Brunswick. including Staff Officers -

Troops of the Margrave of Brandebourg Anfpach, lAc. -A Corps of Foot of Anhalt -

Total for Pay *

Subsid ies per Annum \viz.

To the Landgrave of HtJJ'e Cafel> at the Rate of 480,187 Banco Crowns -

To the Hereditary Prince of at the Rate of

42,629 Banco Crowns -

To the Reigning Prince of , at the Rate of

45,050 Banco Crowns -

To the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, at the Rate of 64,500 German Crowns - - - - *

To the Margrave of Brandebourg Anjpach, (Ac. at the Rate of 52,214 Banco Crowns -

To the Reigning Prince of Anhalt at the Rate of 22,500 Banco Crowns -

Total for Subsidies , *

Provisions for the Troops at Gibraltar -Provisions for the Forces in North , deducing

2 \d.per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer

and private Man, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Public -

Total for 1979

Deficiency on the Augmentation for the Anfpach Troops, from ift November 1777 to 24th December 1778} viz.

Pay for 419 Days for 206 Men - -

Levy Money for D*

Proportional Subsidy for the same -

Nam ben.

L423

95°

Total

*3.47*

1,164

670

4,300

*.447

613

2.333

21,666

24»® 3 9

*4.039

Pay, &c. for 365 D«vw

£. s. d. 28,017 ii — {

18,692 11 3

251,658 7 6

25,184 4 9' 11,470 10 i|

82,429 18 6f 27,080 14 4f 11,216 10 64

*5.545 4 *0,257 *5 — 6,027 13 1*

*»5*7 *7 12,563 19 io*

5.4*4 3

9.3*4 *7 *

48,668 3 9i

4,478 18 *,487 1 3 1,992 11 —

TotAu

C 2. d.

46,710 ft

409,640 3 10

161,326 8 8|

58,033 — toi

675,109 17 H

7,958 16 i*i

683,068 8 7I

War-Office, ad December *776*

Barrington.

Vol. 37.

22

a? Decmhris.

A. 177&.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Artillery for the’ Foreign roops in the Pavof pursuant to

Treaties, for the Year 1779.

Pay of Three Companies for the Troops of the Landgrave of HeJJ'e CaJJel -

D* of a Brigade, attached to the Regiment of Hanait -D* of a Detachment of Artillery, with the Regiment of IValdeck -

D* of a Detachment with the Troops of the Margrave of Brandebourg Anfpach, id c.

D" of a Detachment with the Corps of Anhajt Zerbft -

Total for Pay

Proportional Subsidies per Annum.

To the Landgrave of Hejfe a,t the Rate of 22,050 Banco Crowns -

To the Hereditary Prince of Heft at the Rate of 4,800 Banco Crowns -. To the Reigning Prince of IValdeck, at the Rate of 523 Banco Crowns -

T«T4l -

Numbers. Pay, £V. for 505 Days. Total.

1 s. d. 1- s. d.

588 128 15*3 42 3 4 3. il1 '3 4

*4 3S2 16 8

44 12 7^6 1,326 3 4 3°4 3 4 21,097 —

- — 5’3°5 >5’ ~

- - Li55

125 19 — 6,586 14 —

- 786 £ 27,683 14 —

War-Office, 2d December 1778.

Barrington.

ip Geo. III. 4°

fii

- j c

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of

Three Regiments of Fencible Men in North Britain, from 25th December 1778 to 24th December 1779, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

Pcdjoid m a. a. m

Berks - _ _ m

Bucks - A a.

Cambridge -

Chester - - - .

Cornwall - . *

Cumberland -

Derby - - a mm -

Devon - a

Dorset - -

Durham mm -

Essex - - _

Gloucester - at

Hereford * -

Hertford - -

Huntingdon - «» _

Kent - - a» - _

Lancaster - - - - .

Leicester -

Lincoln - -

Middlesex -

Monmouth - - - "m

Norfolk - -

Northampton - -

Northumberland - - ( _ - -

Nottingham - - - " -

Oxford - ‘ ' -

Rutland -

Salop -

Stafford - - - "

Somerset - - - " -

Southampton -

Suffolk -

Surrey -

Sussex - - - *

Warwick -

Wffmoreland - -

Wilts -

Worcester -

York, West Riding -

—— North Riding - -

East Riding - - - "

Anglesea - - - - *

Brecon - -

‘ Cardigan - - - ‘ - -

Carmarthen -

Caernarvon - - " -

Denbigh - - - " -

Flint - -

Glamorgan - - - - ~

Merioneth - - - - "

Montgomery - -

Pembroke. ——

Radnor -

Duke of Buccleuglt s Regiment of Fencible Men -

Duke ®f Gordon's - - - " —

Lord Frederick Campbc ’/;’s zr - -

— i-: .

War-Office, 2d December 177S.

Barrington.

VOL. 37.

' - Regiments, Battalions, or Corps. Numbers. - f* *. Par for 36$ Days.

I I ‘.v: 524 636 d. 7.759 5 >9 9,742 9 2

I 638 9,772 '7 6

I 537 7*567 13 4

I 637 9*751 ' 8

I 725 10,937 16 8

I 439 6,740 6 8

m I 637 9*754 12 <5

3 1,819 28,095 '7 6

1 759 11,260 5 —

— . 1 45i 6,^09 18 4

2 i>i 6-2 18,116 3 4

" 2 . E°94 16,863

» 1 547 8,541

1 638 ?<763 15 —

1 457 6,910 13 4

2 1,16+ 17,510 17 6

" 1 893 '2,574 5 ~

1 689 10,226 i 8

2 1,366 21,056 3 4

3 1,950 29,25114 2

- 1 34<5 5,286 8 4 .

2 1,162 18,097 18 4

* 1 723 10,901 6 8

" 1 636 9,739 8 4

" 1 .547 8-577 '0 —

1 631 9'365 5 10

- 1 ’39 2,190 — — -

1 725 10,943 18 4

" 1 f 638 9,782

" 1 953 *3.797

« 3 I>235 10,223 6 y

2 1,094 17,1t8 10 —

1 9°7 *3,39510 —

- 1 899 13,225 3 4

- 1 795 11,899 - —

1 346 5,32218 4

- 1 893 12,574 5 —

- 1 635 9,7-' 3 4

_ 2 1,410 21,498 10 —

_ 1 8I3 11.S44 5 —

- 1 453 6,7 5210 —

_ 1 92 1,414 7 6

_ 1 181 2.597 11 8

_ 1 139 2,190

1 , 228 3’5:9 4 2

_ 1 94 1,458 14 2

_ 1 343 5,347 5 —

_ 1 139 2, IV0 — —

_ 1 479 7,324 6 3

_ 1 94 1,238 14 2

1 343 5-3°5 10 —

1 iS 1 2,597 11 8

1 iJ9 2,190 — —

1 1,169 21,042 5 —

_ 1 1,169 21,042 5 —

1 1,169 21,042 5 —

39>701 £ 610,882 5 —

ESTIMATE

\J*

4* Decemb

A. 1778.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Clothing for the Embodied Militia in South , for the

Year 1779-

__________ - - - -A.. . *-

... ...------- -- — --- — .....- ---- 1

Charge.

1,581 Serjeants, each at £.5 14 7 1,561 Coporals, each at £.2 15 5 1,ozi Drummers, each at £.3 — 5 30,403 Private Men, each at £.2 5 7 " "

34»566

War-Office, ad December 1778,

Barrington.

£. s. d.

9>°57 16 3 4*3 25 5 5 3*084 5 5 69,293 10 1

Total - £.

85,760 17 2

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Additional Companies to the Embodied Militia in for the

Year 1778.

Middlesex East Regiment, One Additional Company, from 20th June 1778, to 24th December following, both Days mclusive D* Western Regiment D\ from 25th of Oflobet 1778, to D* *

Glamorgan D°, from 25th June 1778 to D° -Huntingdon D* for the same Time -

Montgomery D* for the same Time -

Norfolk West D", for the same Time -

Southampton North, from 24th July 1778, to D* -

D# South, from 25th August 1778, to D* -

MonmouthD°, trom 25th July 1778, toD* -

EfexWeft D*, from 25th August 1778, to D* - -

Denbigh D*, for the same Time - -

CumberlandD®, from 20th October 1778, to D* -

Bedford D*, from 25th October 1778, to D* -

Kent East D*, for the same Time -

Westmoreland D*, for the same Time -

IVanvickD® from 31 October 1778, to D* -Leicester D* from 24th November 1778, to D* -

Total Charge for 1778 War-OfEce, ad December 1778.

Number of Days. Numbers, Officers included. Charge.

188 75 C s. 537 7 4

61 74 172 16 8

*3 68 491 1 —

>83 75 523 1 6

l83 68 536 »6 —

183 68 491 1 —

*54 68 4i3 4 8

122 68 327 7 4

*53 68 410 ti —

122 68 333 9 4

122 28 235 *7 4

66 7* 206 16 —

6t 71 168 5 2

61 77 180 9 2

61 68 163 13 8

55 72 *53 2 8

3l 60 76 19 8

m m 1,148 £* ^8 6

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Cloathing for Additional Companies to the Embodied Militia in South

Britain, for the Year 1778.

Charge.

48 Serjeants, each £.5 14 7 48 Corporals, each £. 2 15 5 - 32 Drummers, each £. 3 — 3 944 Private Men, each C 7 _ m *C* r. d. 275 *33 96 *3 4 2,151 10 8

1,072 Total - £. 2*656 4 —

war-umcc, za Decemvir 177®* Barrington.

Ordered,

JnHthgow

Roads.

19 Geo. III. 4 Decembris.

Ordered, That the said Ellimates do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House;

Sir William Cunvnghame reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Noblemen; and the humble Petition of the Freeholders and Heretors, of the Coun'y of Linlithgow and for themselves

and others, war referred j That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Powers granted by Law in Scotland, relative to Highways and Bridges, have been found insufficient to keep the same in Repair, and the Services, W ork, and Mo-

nies, which are authorized to be exacted and levied have been found insufficient to keep the Roads and Bridges in the County of Linlithgow and Bathgate in Repair; and that the same cannot be effected, unless Power is given to convert the Statute Labour required by Law, into a Composition in Money, to be accepted in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill For repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Linlithgow and Bathgate: And that Sir William Cunynghame and Sir Adam Fergvjfon do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, For the year 1779, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz*.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 177$*

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprifing Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Bents, Salaries, and incident Charges -

"Gibraltar and North Britain -

Minorca ——

St. John's and Placentia in Newfoundland -

Pay of Civil East Florida ——

Officers and >West Florida -

Artificers at )Grenada, St. Vincent, and Tobago -

Quebec -

New York ——

Halifax -

Pay of the Corps ot Engineers -

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 3,824 Men, £. s. d.

Officers included - -- -- - 108,173 16 8

Augmentation to the Regiment, consisting of 400 Men, pursuant to >

His Majesty’s Warrants, 16 Sept. 1778 ----- 8,273 6 8

Establishment of the Academy at Woolwich ——

Establishmvnt of the Laboratory at Woolwich ——

Pay of Master Gunners at the several Garrisons in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James's Park, and the d ower of London -

An Allowance in lieu of Coals and Candles to the Master Gunners and Gunners of the several Garrisons in Great Britain ——

E(lab!ill:ment of Mailers and Draughtfmen in the Tower of London - -

Pay of an Inspector of Artillery for North , Newfoundland, and the West India

Islands ——

To Major General William Phillips, for the Loss he sustained by the Office of Inspector and Commander of Artillery at Gibraltar and Minorca being discontinued, and allb in Consideration of his good Services -

To Coi° Samuel Cleaveland, in Consideration of his good Services -

To General William Be/ford, for his good Services -

To John Chalmers, Esquire, late Major of Artillery, in Consideration of his Services -To Col® William Rov, Engineer, for surveyir.g the Coasts of Great Britain, and the adjacent Itlands thereto belonging ——

To Lieut. General Thomas Defagu/iers, for his Extra Services at the Siege of Pallais, in Belleifte, and upon several Expeditions -

To Lieut. Col* Hugh Debbieg, Engineer, for his good Services upon several extraordinary Occasions ——

To Col® Joseph Brome, in Consideration of his Services in Flanders and Germany To Captain William Congreve, in Consideration of his good Services upon several extraordinary Occasionc, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 1 August 1777 -To Lieut. Col® Matthezv Dixon, Sub-Director of Engineers, in Consideration of his good Services upon several extraordinary Occasions, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrant

l August 1777 ....

Pay of an Inspector of Brass and Iron Ordnance, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 26 May 1778 -

Pay of an Alfitlant Inspector of Brass and Iron Ordnance -

Pay of a Superintendent and Officers of Military Machines used in the Service of the Artillery -

Vol. 37. H

£. s. i.

36,092 7 6

i>°47 5 ~ 1,297 6 1,149 15 —

6 51----

967 5 — L534 — 843 10 — 328 10 — > 520 6

9,076 6 8

116»447 3 4

1,644 5 —

947 5 —

2,144 7 6

934 -

2,198 7 6

456 5

456 5 — 9i 5 — 328 10 —

*73 15 — 363 — —

456 5 — $65----

182 10 — -

182 10 —

182 10 — -

500 — — 80 — —

219----

T9

Estimate { Ordnance.

a6

4° Decembris.

To Lieut. Col* John Brewfe, Engineer, in Consideration of his long and faithful Services

in the West Indies, North America, and other Places, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant i Sept. 1778 -

Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men who have served well in the Trains of Artillery, in Flanders, Germany, North America, Africa, the East and IVef Indies, with the

Half Pay of Officers reduced, and Widows Pensions -

EXTRAORDINARIES.

1

Towards repairing the Fortifications, Barracks, Storehouses, and carrying on the current Service at Gibraltar -Charge of improving and (lengthening the Fortifications at Gibraltar, according to Plans approved by His Majesty -Pay of a Military Company of Artificers lcrving in the Garrison of Gibraltar -

Towards repairing the Forti- CMinorca -

fications, Barracks, Store-) St. John's, Ferryland, Carboniere, and houses, and carrying on the j Trinity Harbour, in Newfoundland -current Service at (Placentia -

For keeping in Repair the Fort at Arderfeer, and other Fortifications and Barracks in Scotland - -

Towards repairing the Sea Wharfing at Sheerness -Towards incioling and fortifying the Dock Yard at Portsmouth For keeping in Repair the Fortifications at Portsrr.outh and Gosport Works at Priddy'sHard ——

For keeping in Repair the Fortifications in the Plymouth Division Towards enlarging the Gun Wharf, Magazines, and Storehouses, at Plymouth -

Towards completing the new Fortifications at St. John's, Newfoundland ——

Pay of Engineers, Officers, Condu&ors, Artificers, and Drivers, with the several Trains of Artillery' attending His Majesty’s Forces in North America -

Towards defraying Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery' in North America - -

Towards defraying the Hire of Transports in the Service of this Office To repair and new face the old Counterscarp Wall round Tower Ditch, and erecting a Parapet on the same -

Expence of Improvements to the Apparatus at the Royal Observatory in Greenwich Park, pursuant to an Order of the Lords of the Treasury, 18 QElober 1778 - -

r Cumberland Fort -

Portsea Lines -

Plymouth and Pendennis -

Chatham Lines -

Landguard Fort -

Sheerness -

Grave fad and Tilbury -

- DoverCafle -

Erecting a Citadel at Quebec -

Repairing the Wharf at Kingston in Jamaica -

Charge of keeping the Barges, with their Tackiing, fcsfr. in Repair, and for paying the Bargemen and others employed in maintaining the Communication between Gravesend and Tilbury -Two Hundred Tons of Salt-Petre -

Strengthening the / . Fortifications at '

I-

£ s. d.

6,899 10 1

8,729 11 6

2,247 x5 IO 3,264 10 —

5°°----

400 — —

3.000 -

1.000 — - —

22,629 17 8

2.000 -

1,511-----

1.000 — —

6.000 — —

5.000 — —

20,500-----

25.000 -

40.000 — —

1,590----

612 7

2;i53 —

394 —

4.000 — 19,062 10

1.000 — 1,600 — 1,400 — 1,405 —

3.000 — 2,072 —

3,800

ic,6oo

Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, and not provided for by Parliament in 1778.

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn for Purchase of Stores and carrying on the current Service at Halifax in Nova Scotia ....

Bills of Exchange drawn by the Engineer on account of Fortifications there Pay of superannuated and Half Pay Officers, and others, to 31 December 1778 - -

Pay of an Inspector of Brass and Iron Ordnance, from 15 to 31 December 1778, at £. 500 per Annum, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 26 May 1778 Pay of an Assistant Inspector of Brass and Iron Ordnance, from 1 August to 31 December 1778, at £.So per Annum, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 19 August 1778 Pay of a Superintendant and Officers of Military Machines used in the Service of the jVrtillery, from 15th May to 31 December 1778-

A. 1778.

182 IO --

10,91 7 13 9

193,067 13 3

202,371 2 T

395,438 15 4

5,250----

9>579 8 5

840 15 1

314 11 2

33 5

138 12 — To

19 Geo. III.

4° Decembris.

Consideration of his loner and faithful Scr-and other Places, from I Sept, to 31 for. per Diem, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 1

To Lieut. Col. John Brewfe, Engineer, in C vices in the West Indies, North America,

December 1778, at 1778 - .

Railing and arming an Augmentation of 400 Men to the Royal Regiment of Artillery', with the Pay of the same between 1 July and 31 December 17 78, pursuant to His Maie fly’s

Warrants 16 Sept. 1778 -....

Arms delivered to the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, 3 Regiments of Dragoon Guards, to Regiments of Dragoons, 6 Regiments of Highlanders, 3 Regiments of Fencihlc Men, 7ad, or Royal ManchesterRegiment, the Royal Liverpool Blues, Glasgow Volunteers, Edinburgh Regiment, the North British Battalion of Foot, to 2 new-raised Companies in Wales, to the 3 Regiments of Foot Guards, to sundry Regiments ol Foot, and to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants and Orders October, 24 December 1777; 12, 14, 17, 26, 31 January, 13, 14, 17 February, 12, 16, 30, 31 March, 18, 23, 29, 30 April, 15, 28 May, 1, , 18 June,

U, 2y July, 20 August 1778 - - - -....

Arms and Accoutrements delivered to the Militia of the Counties of Rutland, Berks, Suffolk, Huntingdon, Hereford, Gloucester, Worcej, Chef tire, Pembroke, Bedford, Glamorgan, Surrey, York, Hants, Carmarthen, Mi Warwick, Norfolk, Lincoln,

Leicester, Somerset, Sussex, Montgomery, Northumberland, Oxford, Dorset, Buckingham, Northampton, Monmouth, Anglesea, Hertford, and Wilts, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants and Orders 3 March, 3, 15, 22, 23 April, 13, 19, 26, 27, 28, 29 11, if, 2, 18, 4, 12, 20, 27, 29, 30 June9, 10, 11, 24, 27, 29, 31 July, 3, 10, 19,20,31 August 1778 - -; -

Ammunition delivered to 81 Regiments of Militia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 18 May 1763 _ - ... ... . - -

Ammunition delivered to 15 Regiments of Militia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant

25 April 1778 - ....

Ammunition sent to Benvick, Clifford's Fort, and Scarborough -

Ammunition delivered for Ul'e of lundry Regiments and Recruits ordered to North America, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 6 March 1778 -

An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 29 April, 22 May, and 3 July 1778 Tents supplied sundry Regiments of Horle and Foot, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 12 January, 7 February, 4 March, 8 April, 22 May, 1, 18 June 1778 -

Tents supplied sundry Regiments of Militia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants and Orders 6 April, 18, 20, 28 May, 3, 6, 10, 12, 17, 20 June, 8, 10 July 1778 Paid on account of Works and Incidents at Senegal in 1778, with Pay of the Storekeeper and others, from 1 January to 31 December 1778 -

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn by the Paymasters to the Trains of Artillery in North America, and Money lent on account of the Staff and Contingencies in

1778 ....

On account of the Hire of armed Transports, to carry Stores to North America, the West Indies, and Mediterranean -

Money issued for carrying on f Quebec -

the current Service and< East Florida ——

Contingencies at (. West Florida -

Towards eroding a Battery of 22 Guns at Liverpool, for its Defence, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order in Council 20 February 1778 - -

Purchase of 2 Hulks, arming and fitting out the fame, with Pay of the Crews to 31 December 1778, stationed at the Mouth of Dublin Harbour for its Defence, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 11 April 1778-Brass Ordnance and Stores sent to Ireland for a Field Train, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 16 April 1778 ——

Iron Ordnance sent to Ireland, to be placed on Batteries, for the Defence of Waterford, Cork, Kinfale, River Shannon, Galway, and Oyster Haven -

Paid on account of purchasing Barges, and other Expences, for making a Floating Bridge of Communication betwixt Gravesend and Tilbury -Expence of ending 30 Towers for Defence of the llland of Jersey, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 3 July 1778, at £. 156 each -....

Expence of erecting 13 Towers for Defence of the llland of Guernsey, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 17 July 1778, at £. 136 each -

Paid on account of sundry r.evv Works at Tilbury, Sheentefs, Landguard Fort, and Gravesend - -

Iron Ordnance, Howitzers, Mortars, and other Ordnance Stores, sent to pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 31 January 1778 -

Timber and other Stores sent to Gibraltar, for Defence in case of an Attack -

Bedding lent to Gibraltar for Ufc of the Troops, pursuant to His Majesty's Order 19 March 1778 ——

Bedding sent to the llland of Minorca for Use of the Troops ... - -

r Grenada -

West Florida, per His Majesty’s Order 11 February 1778

Ordnance and Stores sent to

Vol. 37.

Guernsey Alderney Canada St. Vincent

3 January

7 August

10 Sept.

*7

£. s. d. 61-----

6,441 6 8

63,7*3 ~ 5

23,638 *5 1

3>44z 12 I

877 16 3

659 H 9

G344 *5 3

801 15 6

7»771 12 4

5>869 lS 3

2,386 6 6

83,236 9 10

3 7,811 10 7

1,187 —

62 I 2 6

3,277 *3 9

2>437 2 —

10,398 8 1

6,855 4 3

5^87 10 —

7,000 — —

4,680 — —

2,34° — —

1,200 — —

19,610 8 3

4,i39 1 1

2,842 10 4

1,522 l7 6

4,006 11

1,506 12 6

4,800 2 1

1 965 7 4

9,856 1

2,180 — 1

Ordnance

28

4* Decemb.

A. 1778.

Ordnance and Stores sent to

28 February 1774

Burlington *

Whitehaven -

Liverpool -

Sunderland - - - *

Whitby -

Ramsgate ——

Margate - - -J - -

East Looe, Fowey, Mevagissey, St. Ives, |

Penzance, Helfione, and £/. 3 For/ George, North Britain - - *

Aberdeen ----- 14 7«/y 1778 -

Brass Ordnance and Stores sent to Barbadoes, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 25 Se/>/.

*778 ..... ——

Brats and Iron Ordnance* Mortars, Cohorns, Howitzers, Powder, and other Stores, sent for Defence of the Island of Jersey, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders 3 April, 13 and *8 August 1778 ——

Brass Ordnance and Stores sent to Perth, for completing a Field Train there -Brass and Iron Ordnance, Carriages, Shot, Powder, and other Stores, sent for Defence of 5/. John's, Newfoundland ——

Pay of Officers and Artificers attending the Trains of Artillery at the several Camps in England, from 15 Afoy to 31 December 1778, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant ..... 1778- - -

Hire of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers, attending the said Trains, from 18 May to 31 December 1778 -

Charge of Waggons, Tents, Ammunition, and other Stores, Forage, and Incidents ——

Pay and Allowances to Engineers, and others, for carrying on the Works in the Ceded islands, and Bills of Exchange drawn for defraying the Contingent Charges there in 1776 and 1777 -

Powder, Small Arms, f Quebec, per His Majesty’s Order 11 February 1778 and other Stores,< Tobago - - - 6 June -

sent to t East Florida - - - 11 February and 5

Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores, sent to Grenada and Girriacou, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 8 October 1778 -Powder sent to Halifax, Nova Scotia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 19 Sept. 1778 Powder sent to Senegal, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 9 October 1778 -

Works performed at Gueys Hill, and other Places in Dominica, and Pay of Engineers, and others, to 31 December 1778 -

2,968 7

34,208 9

46,743 *4

9 J

Ordinary and Extraordinary

£ s. d.

324 11 3

642 18 9

2,171 18 3

643 *4 1

500 4 1

372 - — 8

630 15 9

3o'23 — 10

2.S31 4 6

769 19 z

h+ '-5 5 10

10,511 11 3

1,456 6 —

3*594 3 9

85.920 10 10

2»3T4 6 10

7-5'° 12 4

1,696 3 b

7>9°7 7 1

10,624 15 i

2,238 18 —

133 4 —

23,385 15 2

52h935 13 5

395>438 15 4

917’374 8 9

Amherst

Charles Frederick. Ben. Langlois.

Chas Cocks.

Hetty Str

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Ou^ni'v Particulars of the Sum of £. 36,092. 7 6 the Ordi-

ofths' nary of the Office of Ordnance.

Ordnance*

Ways Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House *nd Means, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Mornirjg.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have -X^ave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

*9

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved. That the Manifesto and America* Proclamation Irom His Majesty’s Commissioners at New Commit..,wr* Fork, to the Members of the Congrels, the Members MauilelU*. of the General Assemblies, and to other Persons, Inhabitants of the Colonies ih America, contained in the printed Book presented to this House by Lord George Germain, on IVedmfday last, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to express to His Majesty the Dilplealurc of this House, at a certain Manifesto and Proclamation, dared the 3d Day of October 1778, and published in America, under , the Hands and Seals of the Earl of Sir Henry

Clinton, Knight of the Bath, and William Eden, Esquire, Commissioners for restoring Peace to the Colonies, and countersigned by Adam Ferguson, Esquire, Sccreiary to the Commission; the said Manilelto containing a Declaration of the following Tenor:

" If there be any Persons who, diverted of mistaken Resentments, and uninfluenced by selfish Interests, really " think that it is for the Benefit of the Colonies to fe-

" parate

*9

jo Geo. III. 4* — c

parate themselves from Great and that, so

,u separated, they will find a Constitution more mild,

more free, and better calculated for their Prosperity, u than that which they heretofore enjoyed, and which '* we are impowered and disposed to renew and improve; with such Persons we will not dilpute a " Postion, which seems to be sufficiently contradicted " by the Experience they have had: But we think it " right to leave them fully aware of the Change which " the maintaining of such a Postion must make in the " whole Nature and future Couduft of thU War; more " especially, when to this Postion is added, the pretended Alliance with the Court of France. — The Policv, as well as the Benevolence, of Great Britain,

" have thus far checked the Extremes of War, when " they tended to distress a People dill considered as our " Fellow Subjects, and to desolate a Country thortly " to become again a Source of mutual Advantage;

" but when that Country ..rofeiles the unnatural Detign " not only rf eftrunging herself from us, but of m rtgaging herself, and her Resources, to our Enemies,

H the whole Contest is changed; and the Question is,

" How far Great Britain may, by every Means in her " Power, destroy, or render useless, a Connexion contrived for her Ruin, and for the Aggranduement of " France. Under such Circumstances, the Laws of " Self-Preservation mud direct the Conduct of Great Britain, and, if the British Colonies are to become

" an Accession to France, will direct her- to render that Accession of as little Avail as pofilble to her Enemy."

To acquaint His Majesty with the Sense of this House, that the said Coraraiifioners had no Authority whatsoever, under the Act of Parliament, in virtue of which they were appointed by His Majesty, to make the said Declaration, or to make any De> filiation to the same or to the like Purport; nor can this House be easily brought to believe, that the said Commissioners derived any such Authority from His Majesty’s Inductions.

Humbly to beseech His Majesty, that so much of the said Manifesto as contains the said Dec'aration, be forthwith publicly disavowed by His Majesty, as containing Matter inconsistent with the Humanity and generous Courage, which in all Times have distinguished the British Nation, subversive of the Maxims which

have been established among Christian and Civilized Communities, derogatory to the Dignity of the Crown of this Realm, tending to debase the Spirit, and to subvert the Difclpline, of His Majesty’s Armies; and to expose His Majesty’s innocent Subjects, in all Parts of His Dominions, to cruel and ruinuus Retaliations.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J * of ,) , ,3

Td|enfortKeNoK,{^^^-

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read; ply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, rtfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 37;

Sabatti, 50 dieDecembris;

Anno 19* Georgii lIItU Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

MR. Ord, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was *n® Meant-referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from, the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called Wales,

and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Eels, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Mait, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which by an Act of Parliament of the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, the Lord West cote, the Lord Palmerson, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey , and Mr. son, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, the Lord JVefcote, the Lord Palmerson, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. son, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth America; Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Bill.

An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and detain fufp'sted " Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of Unions.

uHigh Treason, committed in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America or on the High tf Seas, or the Crime of Piracy," for a further Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Wood

Baftwick

Inclosure.

Buckton

Burn

through

Berwick

Roads.

Supplying Levels with Coals.

Macxiesfield

Chur* h.

70 Decemhris. 1778.

Right of Nomination or Presentation thereof in the Lumei n* die Decemhris \ laid Charles his Heirs and Assigns, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Anno in* Geor<rii III, U Rems mR Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

° > 7/ Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Af-

Prayer*. ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-

ber.

OHN Daniel Hose took the Oaths appointed, in

order to his Naturalization. Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Gentlemen, Landing of

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for Pme Goods, A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common or extending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,

Waste Land, within the Parish of Wood Bajiwtck, in for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time. the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Kingdom, to Prizes taken in pursuance of His Ma-Aflley, Mr. Mil Ies, fee.: And they are to meet this Af- jesty’s Royal Proclamation, dated the Sixteenth Day of ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- September One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-ber. eight, That they do extend the Provisions of the said Act

to French Prizes, taken fmee the Twenty-ninth Day of A Petition of several of the Trustees, for executing Ju/y One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according Supply Bill; " An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, LandTa*'

" Road at Buckton Burn, in the County of Durham, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the

through Berwick upon Tweed, to Lammerton Hill, Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " and alto the several other Rodds therein mentioned, Seventy-nine: And the same was received ;and read " lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the Firtl Time.

" the said Town of Berwick," whose Names are there- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made great Sir Grey - presented to the House, according to' Supply Bill; Progress in repairing and Widening the Roads mentioned Order, a Bill for continuing, and granting to His Ma- Malt Duties-in the said Act, and have borrowed near Eight thousand jesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Pounds upon the Credit of the Tolls, which has been Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven duly applied to the Purposes of the Roads under the hundred and Seventy-nine: And the same was received;

Petitioners Management, but tlill remains due; and and read the Firtl Time.

that the Term granted by the said Act, and alto the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, additional Term granted by the General Turnpike

Act, of the Twenty-eighth of his Late Majesty, are Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to 'Landing of near expiring; and unless the Term and Powers Order, a Bill for granting Relief to the Captors Df pnze Goods, of the said Act of the Twenty-sixth of his late Ma- Prizes, with respect to bringing and landing certain jesty are continued and enlarged, the Money owing French Prizes in this Kingdom: And the same was re-cannot be repaid, nor the Roads effectually widen- ceived; and read the First Time.

ed, amended, and kept in Repair: And therefore ResolvThat the Bill be read a Second Time,

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Drawback of the said Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the a Committee of the whole House, to consider of grant- &c

Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, in such ing a further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the'

Manner, and under such Powers and Regulations, as Exportation of certain Mullins, Callicoes, and Coffee, to the House shall seem meet. imported.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexa- Mr. Purling took the Chair of the Committee,

mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

shall appear to them, to the House: Mr. Purling reported from the Committee, That they

And it is referred to Sir John Eden, Mr. Lascelles, had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at to report, when the House will please to receive the Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and fame.

have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Purling accordingly reported from the said Com- Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to mittee, the Resolution which the Committee had di-Order, a Bill for rendering more beneficial an Act, rested him to report to the House; which he read in made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King, his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s George the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

" Agreements, made between Charles Brandling, Esquire, viz. _ .

" and other Persons, Proprietors of Lands, for laying ResolvThat it is the Opinion of this Committee,

down a Waggon Way, in order for the better lup- That the Time limited by Law, for allowing the Dravvplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in back of the Duties on the Exportation of certain Mufthe County of York, with Coals," by enabling the said lins, Callicoes, and Coffee, imported, be enlarged.

Charles Brandling to supply, annually, a larger Quail- The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, thy of Coals to and for the life of the said Town and upon_ the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Neighbourhood: And the same was received; and House.

read the First Time. Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Resolution: And that Mr. Purling and Sir Cooper

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

' A- Bill for making the Church, or Chapel, erected by Charles Roe, Esquire, in the Town of Macclesfield, in Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

the County Palatine of Cheflex, a perpetual Cure and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Benefice; and for endowing the lame, and veiling t]ie upon the Bill for continuing an Act, made in theSeven-1 1 teenth

America;

Bill to dnain fufpt-sted Persons

i9 Geo. III. 7° — 8a Decemhris. 3*

teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to secure " and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the " Crime of High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in or on

t£ the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy," for a further Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

! The House resolved itlclt into the said Committee.

1 Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

I Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

! Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A.courts The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from

ommissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, puri’uant to their Orders of the nth and 19th Days of May, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Amount of the Stamp Duties of Bonds and Debentures, for Goods exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, to , for the last Ten Years; viz. from 767 to

mas 1777: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Stamp Duties of Bonds and Debentures, for Glass exported from that Part of Great Britain called , from the Year

1764 to the Year 1774, inclusive: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Half Subsidy on the Exportation of enumerated Goods, from that Part of Great Britain called England, to Ireland, for the last; Ten Years; viz. from Christmas 1767 to Christmas 1777; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Total Quantity of Foreign Linens, exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, shewing the Drawback paid on each Species, from the 5th January 1776 to 5th January 177b j distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Flax, Hemp, Flax Seed, and Linen Yam, exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1775 to Christmas 1777; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Total Quantities of British Hardware, exported from England, and to what Places; distinguishing the Port of London separately, and the Out Ports under one general Head, not being kept separately, and the Values thereof, from Christmas 1775 to Christmas 1777.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

V'ivs Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

1 Mean5, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

ipjjy. Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, relblve itself into a Committee the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

VOL. 37.

Martis, 8° die Decembris;

Anno 19° Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

BIL L for naturalizing John Daniel Hose, was read Hose’s a Second Time. Nat'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord,

Mr. Whitworth, Bec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. "

Mr. Purling presented to the House, according to Drawbick Order, a Bill for granting further Time for allowing m^ns,&c. the Drawback upon the Exportation of certain Mullins,

Callicoes, and Coffee: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Cunynghame presented to the House, ac- Linlithgow cording to Order, a Bill for repairing the Highways and Roads. Bridge. in the County of Linlithgow and Bathgate:

And the same was received; and read the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Clive reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees whole Names 03 are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening,

" and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from " The Market House, and elsewhere, in the Town of " Ludlow, in the County of Salop," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25 th of April 17 74, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followetk; viz.

Somerset Davis, Esquire, informed your Committee,

That the Reason why the Standing Orders had not been complied with was, that till after the Time limited for giving Notices required by those Orders, the Trustees had no Intention to apply in this Session of Parliament for enlarging the Term of the Act, as they conceived an Addition of Five Years was added to the Term of the said Act, by the General Law made in the Twenty-eighth Year of his said late Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said General Law, and the said Act, were read; by which it appeared, that the Term of the said Act did expire.at the End of the last Session of Parliament.

Then Mr. Davis informed your Committee, That the Trustees, imagining the Act to be in Force, had continued to receive the usual Tolls thereby granted: And he added, that a considerable Sum of Money had been borrowed, and is now due and owing upon the Credit of the said Act, which must be all loll to the Creditors, and the Roads become again in a ruinous Condition, unless the Term of the said Act is revived, and further continued.

A Member present confirmed Mr. Davis's Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given, at the ensuing Christmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held for the Counties of Salop, Hereford, and Radnor, and

by

« - T

America;

bill t» detain suspect Persons.

34 8* Decembris. A. 1778*

by Advertil'cments in the public Newspapers, published within the said Counties, in the present Month of December and the Month of January next, or One of them, of the Application to Parliament for a Continuation of the Term of the said Act, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of 1774, of Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills.

Mr. Baton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, *♦ An Act " to empower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons *< charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High " Treason, committed in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or " the Crime of Piracy," for a further Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Rill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing Navy the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great , Eftinwic*.

presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1779: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, in the Year 1779.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimate, are as followeth j viz.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1779.

Yards.

1 ft. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, iBc. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto -

2. Superannuated Sea Officers - -

3. Pensions and other Allowances -

(Chatham-----

Deptford

Woolwich -

Portsmouth

Sheerness -

_ Plymouth t

Muster Matter, and other Officers of the Out Ports 11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary -12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein -13. Charge of Harbour Moorings, and Harbour Riggings 14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs Buildings, IBc. -

15. Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers -16. Bounty to Chaplains -

17. Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen -

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1779

To which may be added,

To the Governors of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the Support and Relief of Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital, for the Year 1779, the Sum of Four thousand Pounds - - ....

C S- d.

48,042 8 1

30,426 17 8

24,598 z —

6,480 16 11

28,761-----

13,781 15 10

29,75°-----♦

105,310-----

75,7°°-----

1,231 17 6

5,799 8 1

369,882 6 1

4,000 —

373,882 6 1

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1779, amounts to Three hundred and Seventy-three thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Six Shillings and One Penny.

Cha* Middleton. J. William Geo. Ma. T. Brett.

W. Palm W. Bateman. E. Le

Navy

o

Navy Office, 3d December 1778.

Axr ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, in the Year 1779 > prepared puduant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the ift Instant.

Place where.

Deptford

hf'oohvich

Chatham

Sheerness

Portsmouth

o

(Q*

r — d

n'

CD

Q.

CT

O

o

„0

o'

Plymouth

Portmalm.

Guns.

74

64

3(‘>

28

74

64

So

38

32

90

74

64

5°

44

32

74

64

90

74

5°

24

74

100

90

64

50

20

74

V Xebeck. I 18.

1

Ships Names.

Alcide -Goliah -Magna nime Flora - *

Pegasus -

Eihar - -Sampfen - Euro pa -Minerva Mermaid

Atlas - -Montagu Diadem -Leander Dolphin Amphion Bellona -

Polyphemus -

<SW«/ George - -

7Fjmor -

Leopard - -Crocodile -Eurydice - -

Bulwark - -

Ajax - -

Arrogant . - -

Marlborough - -

Royal Sovereign Glory - -

Anson - -Medusa - -

NarciJJus Cefar - -Hero - -

Minorca - -

Natcre of their Repair.

Building -Building -

Building -

Buikitng - -

Building -

Building - -

Building -

Building- -Building- -

Building - -

Building -Building - -

Building- -Building - -

Building- -

Building - -

Middling Repair -

Building- -

Building- -

Building - - -Building- -

Building - -

Building- - - -Ordered to be built Small Repair - -

J Between Small and 7 I Middling Repair j f Between Small and 7 Middling Repair $

Building - -

Building -Building- - -Building- -

Building- -

Ordered to b« built Large Repair - -

Building - -

Time when may be

Taken In Hand.

Completed.

In Hand - . June next - -

In Hand - . - Uncertain - -

In Hand - - - Uncertain - -

In Hand - - Uncertain - -

In Hand - - m May next - -

In Hand - _ April next -

In Hand - - - May 1780 - -

In Hand - - - June 1780 - - - .

In Hand - -; Uncertain - -

In Hand - - -: Uncertain - -

In Hand - Uncertain - -

In Hand - - - September next - -

In Hand - - Uncertain - - - _

In Hand - - June 1780 - -

In Hand - - Uncertain - - *

In Hand - . Uncertain - -

Uncertain - Uncertain - - - «

In Hand - - - Uncertain -

In Hand - Uncertain - -

In Hand - - - Uncertain - -

In Hand - «. Uncertain - -

In Hand - - - Uncertain - -

In Hand - m - Uncertain - -

« - Uncertain - -

February next - July next - - m

Uncertain - Uncertain - -

In Hand - - - Uncertain - . m

In Hand - December X782 a

In Hand - - Uncertain - .

In Hand - - - June 1780 - _

In Hand - m - March 1780 -

In Hand - - April next - _

V - - Uncertain - .

In Hand - - December 1 779 - „ .

In Hand - Uncertain - „

Total King’s Yards - . m

Charge of their

( T

Hulls, Malls, Rigging and

and Yards. St- res.

£ £-

15,000 7,600

3,000 -

6,000 -

8,oco 3,000

5,000 3’9‘7

12,000 6,098

10,000 2,680

7,000 2,285

8,oco 3,000

3,oco I, CCO

1,000 -

16,069 6*955

8,000 -

6,000 5,020

5,000 2,000

2,000 -

8,000 -

8,43° 960

500 -

6,000 -

3,000 -

1,500 2,*54

2,000 2,154

500 -

6,000 4,094

4*5°° -

4*50«> 3>°94

10,000 m m

500 -

8,000 3,000

500 -

2,000 3 >040

8,oco -

16,073 2,909

3>5°° 2,000

208,572 66^960

TOTAL.

22,000

3.000

6.000

1 1,000

8,917

*8,098 12,680 9,285

11.000

4.000

1.000 23,024

8.000 11,020

7.000

2.000

8.000

9>39°

500

6.000

3.000 3»654 4*‘54

500

‘^,094

4*59°

7*594

10.000 500

11.000 500

5*040

8,000

18,982

5»5°°

a75»532

OO

10 Geo. III. 8" Decembris.

1'iver Thames

D

eg'

t — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

c§

rT

Dover

IMfley thorn E.ijl Comes IIand eh

Ipfmich Southampton Luckier/hard

BroJoJ -ILu uenpans Liverpool

Hull -Leith -

74 Fortitude -

44 Sera ds - i -

— Assurance - - |

32 Cerberus - - 1 - I

44 Ends mi on - -

28 Vefuil -

32 Juno -

64 New - -

28 Mercury - - 1

— Cyclops - - - "

64 Africa - -

32 Orpheus - -

24 Pandora -

64 1 '0 * ^1 0 -

Sloop } Bouetta - -

14 J

Bomb New -

— New -

Brier ? M )

0 }- vilert ——

14- 3

Sloop } Thorn - _

*4 i

- - - 64 1 1 fs " - -

74 lrrefiVible - - "

64 Inflexible - - " - -

r- - - 24 Champion " -

_ m - 23 1 1 -4 -

6.4 Agamemnon - -

5° Hannibal - -

2S Brilliant -

- - 32 Cleopatra - -

m 24 Siren - -

44 Ulyfjcs -

Deelulus - -

S° Afiijlance - " -

Adamant -

2S > u t-v 1 1 -

Sloop 7 New - - - _ _

— *4 3

- - — 1 I rU -

-4

MERCHAN

Building -Building -Building -Building -Building -

Building -

Building - -

Agreed lor tabc built Building - . -

Building -Building -Agreed for tabe built Building - -

Building -

Building- -

Proposed to be built Proposed to be built

Building -

Building -

Building - v -

Building -

Building -

Building -

Building -

Building - -

Building *

Building -

Building -

Building -

Bui'ding -Building - -

Building -Building -Building - -

Agreed fort) be built Building - -

T S YARDS

In Ilmd - -

In Hand -In Hand - -

In Hand - -

In Hand -In Hand - »

In Hand - - _

-: r - ~ *

In Hand -In Hand - t In Hand = -

In I land -In Hand - r

In Hand - -

In Hand - -

In Hand - r

In Hand -

In Hand -In Hand - -

In Hand - -

In Hand - -

In Hand -In Hand -In Hand - *

In Hand -

In Hand - -

In Hand - -

In Hand -

In Hand - -

In Hand - -

In Hand - -

In Hand -

April 1781 -June next June 1780 -

January 1780 August next -August next -January 1780 Odoler 1781 June next July next - -

February 17.81 -January 1780 -

May next - -

February 1781 -

April next - -

- - T

Jane next - -

February next - -

June 1780- - -

September 1781 March 1780

April next -

September next - -

April 1780 -

September next -

March next - -

September next - -

June next -

April next -

March 17 So - -

JSlay 1780 -

Align]} next -

September next -

September next - -

Uncertain -

Total Merchants Yards

Total King’s Yards

6,250

7>52°

6,245

2,522

10,045

5,908

4.956

5.000

5»9 ‘4 4,^34 2,6x0 4,940

4.36° 5 >53*

2>3°5

4.000

4.000

1,870

5>o85

5.°83

3.9*7

3.9*7

3.9*7

2,932

1,586

1.640

1.640

1,200

6,250 12,603 6,245 2,522 15,128 9,825 4»956 5,000 9,831

8,75*

2,610

4,940

-,292

S>5M

3.S91

5.640

5.640

3,070

00

4*

Grand Total

1

On Works of the Yards.

t-

Porlfmonth

Plymouth

To 550 Feet running Length of Stone Wharf oh the North Side of the Boathouse Channel, 400 Feet on the Side, and 150 at the Return - - - ’ " " *

To 500 Feet running Length of Stone Wharf at the West Side of the Camber ——

To completing the Foundation of the Rigging House, and build.ng Ouc Quarter of the House

To completing the Foundation of the Storciioufe for fitted Rigging, and building One Quarter of the House - -

To completing Four Houses for the Surgeon, Boatswain, Clerk of the Hope Yard, and Matter ilopemaker

Towards carrying on 200 Feet of Wharfing, and Drain at the Back t>f it, in Front of the Range of the Boathouses on the North Side of the Mali Pond ——

Towards building Two Bay? of Boathouses, and forming a Slip in Front of them ——

Towards carrying up Four Walls for forming the L.o ks, ml for making the Laxks for Malls -

Towards erecting’I hree Bays of Plankhoul'es over 1: c Locks ——

Towards a Bridge at the East End f the new Mafthoa1. ——

Towards Tmee Bays torTops and Capstand 1 tou e , a. d 'aming a Slip in Front of them ——

Towards the new Malthouse Slips, and Wharf on the North Side ——

ABSTRACT

For the Ships in His Majesty’s Yards -

For the Ships in Merchants Y ards - -

Towards the Improvements in the Yards

f Hulls....

(Rigging and Stores -t Hulls -

1 Rigging and Stores -

I-

208,572 V _ 66,960 \ 182,041,) 62,720$

Total

Grand Total -

275>532 244,76 r 58,894

17,920

16,000

2»735

Lk39

1,540

4311

2,231

4>')47

2,668

1,296

2,245

1,562

58,894

579»i37

NO

O

tn

O

hH

00

o

b

r

o

i — H

n"

CD

Q.

CT

o

o

00

R

Grand Total - - 579>I87

Viz. The Sum of Five hundred Seventy-nine thousand One hundred and Eighty-seven Pounds. Cha, Middleton. J. Williams. Edwd Hunt, Geo.

<J1

8° Decembris.

Sapply Bill; Land Tax.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

Lauding of Prize Goods.

Account;

fcpanish

and

3<*

Ordered, That the said Efti mates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A. 1778.

A Paper, intituled, uParticulars of the Sum of x< £.36,092. 7 S-.(sd. Ordinary of the Office of Ordnance."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

PARTICULARS of the Sum of £.36,092. ys. 6d. Ordinary of the Office of Ordnance; prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated 4th December 1778.

Salaries and Rents to the Master General, principal Officers, Clerks, Storekeepers, Labourers, Furbiffiers, daily Attendant, and employed in the Tower, Saint James's,

Hampton Court, Woolwich, Gravesend, 'Tilbury, Sheerness, Upnor,

Portsmouth, Plymouth, Saint Nicholas Iflatid, Pende, Saint Maws, Scil/y,

Carlisle, Hull, Berwick, Holy island, Landguard Fort, North , Clifford’s , Portland

Castle, Powder Mills near Feversham, Guernsey, and -

Incident Charges at the several Forts and Garrisons in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, paying extra Labourers, Books/ Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Meffiages, Portage of Letters, in the Tower, and other Garrisons at Home and

Abroad.....----

Repairing Platforms, making new and repairing old Carriages, at the several Castles, Forts, and Garrisons in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ——

Repairing Fortifications, Bridges, Gates, Barracks, Storehouses, Palisades, in the Forts, Cattles, and Garrisons in England, Guernsey, and Jersey -

Furnishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, £sV. and repairing the fame, at the several Forts, Castles, and Garrisons in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey -

Expence of Shot, Ladles, Sponges, Flags, and other small Arms, for the Regiments and Garrisons in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey -

Cleaning and repairing small Arms in the several Magazines -

s. d.

10,492 7 6

6,000 — —

2,000 — —

10,000----:

2,600----

3.000 -

2.000 -

36,092 7 6

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service o tthe Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, 'That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, with respect to bringing and landing certain French Pjizes in this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolve I, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself int j a Committee of the whole I louse, upon the said Bill.

1774 to this Day, inclusive, to be inverted in the Purchase of Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North America.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account, shewing how, and to whom, all Monies paid, from the ift January 1774 to this Day, inclusive, to be inverted in the Purchase of Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North America, was remitted; with the Particulars of all Charges attending each Remittance.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Paymaster’s Receipts for all Monies received for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North America, from the ift January 1774 to this Day, inclusive.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of Letters, which have been received, since the ift Day of January 1777, from the late Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Dominica, relative to the Strength of that Bland, previous to the Surrender of it to the French.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums of Money which have been expended in building Fortifications and Barracks in the Bland of Dominica.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a par- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ticular Account of al] Monies paid, from the ift January Account of the Artillery, Stores, and Ammunition, 1 + which

Ordinary of the Office of Ordnance*

Portugal

Coin.

Ditto-

Account; Money for the CVe of America* Forces.

Paper*

reflecting

Dominica.

Account; Fortifications in Dominica.

Account; Artillery, &c. fern to Dominica.

Account of Troop* ia Dominica#

Answer to Address for Papers &c.

Accounts; Westminster Bridge.

)rawback

0!1

luilins,

&c.

erica; o detain pedted rfons.

i p Geo III. 8 — 9* Dettmbris. 37

which have been Cent for the Protection of the Island of Dominica.;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Regular Troops which were in the Island of Dominica at the Time, of the Capture of it.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii 9* die Decembris; Anno 19* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1778. Prayers.

THE Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He wifi give Directions accordingly.

The House being informed that Mr. Seddon, from the Commissioners for building a Bridge crols the River ! Thames, from the City of o the opposite

Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 25th Day of

November 1777 to the ift Day of December ijJ8, in-dufive: and also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 10th Day of October 1777 to the loth.Day of October 1778, together with a Rent Roll and an Account of Bridge Rents, from the 5th day of July to the 5th day of July

1778-

And then he withdrew.

And the 'Titles of the Books, containing the said State and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of certain Mullins, Callicoes, and Coffee, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the " Crime of High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America or on " the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy," for a further Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to secure " and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of,

" the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of Yot. 37.

" His Majesty’s Coldnies or Plantations in America or " on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy."

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Bugbrooke thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, eft inclosure* otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields,

Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and , Liberties of Bugbrooke, in the County of ton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation,’ are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the Persons interested therein, if the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, were: divided and inclosed, and specific Shares: thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures,

Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Groundsji in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Powys, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Floore thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and lQclosure others. Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested ip, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Floore, otherwise Flower, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for dividing and mdofing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Floore, otherwise Flower, in the County of ampton; and the Reverend Henry Homer, Robert Kingston,

James King, John Chamberlin, and Walter were

appointed Commissioners for putting the said Act into execution, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions, therein established and appointed; and that a true and perfect Survey and Admeasurement of all the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also of all and every the old inclosed Lands and Grounds, within the said Manor, Parish, and Liberties (except of the old Inclosures called Clafikorpe Grounds) belonging to Persons who then were, or at the Time of making and flaking out the Allotments in the said Act mentioned should be. Owners or Proprietors of Lands, Common Rights, or other Interests, in the said Open and Common Fields, sufficient in Value to discharge their Messuages, Tenements, or Cottage Houses, Lands, or Estates, within the old Inclosures of Floore, otherwise Flower, aforesaid, from Tythes, in Manner therein mentioned, were thereby directed to be made and taken, on or before the 1 ft Day of July 1778, by such Person or Persons as the Majority of the Proprietors in Number and Value should nominate and appoint; and that, after the said Commissioners should have deducted Lands for the Roads and Highways, and made the several Allotments in the said Act particularly mentioned, they were directed to set out and allot, but on or before the 10th of 0Bober 1778, all the Residue of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea-

L dows.

38 y Dthnibris. A.

dows., and oth.er Cotnflrtonable Lkri3s and Grounds, amongst the several Persons' interested, in proportion to their respective Shares and Interests, Rights of Common, and other Properties therein; and that the said Commissioners qualified themselves in Manner required by the said Act, and gave Notice of their First and Other Meetings, agreeable to the Directions thereofi juid such of the Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, who attended the First Meeting of thd laid Commissioners, unanimously nominated and appointed John Bofzvortk and to make a true and perfect Survey and Admeaffirement [of all the said Open and Common Fields, and also <rf all the said old inclosed Lands and Grounds, (except as in the said Act is excepted) on or before the said ift Day of 1778; and that the said Surveyors, in pursuance in such Appointment, proceeded in making such Survey, but, through many unexpected and unforeseen Accidents, have not been able to make and'take such Survey by the Time, and in tire Manner, in the said Act mentioned, by Reason whereof the said Commissioners have been prevented from ascertaining and atloting the said Open and Common Fields, amongst the several Persons interested in the lame, by the Time in the said Act limited forthat Purpose; from which Causes, the Petitioners apprehend, that the said Surveyors cannot now complete their said Survey, nor the said Commissioners legally proceed in carrying the said Act into compleat Execution, without being allowed further Time and Powers for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said former Act, and also to enable the said Surveyors to finish their laid Survey, and also to impower the said Commissioners to carry tKe said Act into compleat Execution, and to allow them such further Time and Powers for those Purposes, under such Regulations and Restrictions, and to grant the Petitioners such further Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Hungerford, Mr. Powys, and Mr. Knight ley, do prepare,

' and bring in, the fame.

West Witton A Petition of Marmadu Bovees, in the Parish of inclosure. Hawxwell, in the North Riding of the County of York,

Gentleman, and Margery his Wife, Lord and Lady of the Manor of West Wilton, in the said Riding, and the several other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within- the said Manor, whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Manor, a common Stinted Pasture, called Penhill Park, containing, by Estimation, Three hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and also a large Tract ofuninclosed Ground, called West Witton Moor

or Co/nrnn, containing, by Estimation, Thirteen hundred Acres, or thereabouts, which arc capable of being greatly improved, if they were inclosed, and divided amongst the Proprietors, in proportion to their several Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Chapter, Sir George Savi/e, and Mr. Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

JBuckton Mr. Wilkinjlnreported from the Committee; to whom Burn the Petition of several of the Trustees for executing an Berwick Act, nia(^e t!,c Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his

Roads. late Majesty King George the Second, intituled " Aii

" Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road £*' at Buckion Burn, in the County of Durham, through " Berwick upon Tweed, to Hill, and also

-- 19

the several other Roods therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the said " Town of Berwick" whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the.

House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and' he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the feme was read; and is as followethviz.

To prove the Allegations -of the fauj. Petition, the said Act was read: And, ’

Mr. John Bell being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have made great Progress in repairing the said Roads; that the said Trustees have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said Aid, which has been applied according to the Directions thereof, and that upwards of £.7,500 is now remaining due; that lie is Clerk to Mr. W the Clerk anrl Treasurer to the Trustees, and has kept the Accounts, relating to the Trull, several Years; that the annual Amount of the dolls, as lett upon Lease, is £.628; that the Term is near expiring; and that the Monies now owing cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in sufficient Repair, unlds the Term is further continued, and the Powers enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Buckton " Burn, in the County of Durham, through Berwick " upon Tweed, to Lammerton Hill, and also the several " other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said " County, and within the Liberties of the said Town " of Berwick And that Mr. Wil Sir John

Edentand Sir Thomas Clavering, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in South Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty- Molton

second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Roads'

George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing,

" widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several " Roads leading from the Town of South , in

" the County of Devon," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which now remain due for the most Part; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money owing upon the Credit thereof cannot be paid off, nor the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and some further and other Powers granted: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Yonge, Mr. Brett, &c:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to whom Whitstable the Petition of several of the Free Fishers and Dredgers, Oyster belonging to the Oyster Fishery, within the Manor and Filbrry. Royalty of Whitjlaole, in the County of Kent, in Behalf

io Geo. III. . p° Debembris. 3$

half of themselves, and alt other Free Fishers and Dredgers tl'.ere, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tablet Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations’ of the said Petition, Mr. George Munk, being examined, laid, That there has

been, Time out of Mind, an Oyster Fishery within the Manor and Royalty of Wh, itt the East Part of the County of Kent, limited by Well kppwh Marks and Bounds, wherein’Certain People, regularly admitted Freemen, at a Court called Court of Dredging, held annually for that Purpose, have an executive Right of dredging and fishing for Oysters, or the Brood thereof. ’

Mr. Thomas Gann being examined, said, That he has known the Fishery or 45 Years, and that it has been greatly plundered for many Years past, by Strangers and Intruders fishing and dredging within the Limits thereof, and carrying off the Oysters, to the great Prejudice of the Free Fishermen, who are deprived of their immediate Property, and the Brood are destroyed by fishing in improper Seasons; and he further said, that this Fishery is so circumstanced, that they are ufiable to defend their Property as in the other contiguous Fisheries; that the said' Oyfler Ground, being great Part of it bounded to the open Sea, is. always accessible to Thieves, who can leave it again with any Wind; that the Boats of the Fishermen (having an exclusive Right to this Fishery) being moored in Shore, are left aground at Ebb Tides, which prevents all Possibility of following the Plunderers, whereas, the other Fisheries, being up Creeks, Persons attempting to rob them, have not such certain Means of escaping, and tnuft come at particular Times of the Tide, or there would not be sufficient Depth of Water at the Ebb for them to get out to Sea again, and not even then unless particular Winds to serve them j that the said Fishery, on former Occasions and lately, has been a Nursery for Seamen, and furnished many useful Men for the Service of the Public; that if the Fishery was protested from the Intrulion of Strangers, and properly secured to the Persons entitled to it as Freemen, whose Livelihood wholly depends thereupon, the same would not only be of great Advantage to them, but also to Numbers of the Inhabitants of the East Part of the County of Kent, and be of public Utility.

Mr. Augu/line Saver, who has known the Fishery 60 Years, and Mr. Stephen Qttaif 50 Years, confirmed the Evidence of the last Witnesss,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a. Bill for the better Protection of the Oyster Fishery, within the Manor and Royalty of Whitstable, in the County of Kent; and for the more easy Recovery of Fines, due from the Fishermen to the Lord of the said Manor and Royalty: And that Mr. St. John and Mr. Ord do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

iforton Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee,

ofure* to whom the Bill for extinguishing the Right of Common, upon certain inclosed Lands, within the Parish of W'mfortw, in the County of Hereford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 98 Acres of Land, within the said Parish, who have Right of Common upon the said inclosed Lands, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Quantity of Land within the said Parish, belonging to Persons having such Right of Common, confiHs of 1,039 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no

Vol. 37.

Person appeared before the Committee to nppose the Bill) and that thi Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thefrebnto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and Tie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Ta-; ble j Wihere the Amendments Were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, Orte by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. '

Ordered, That the Bill, with ’the Amendments, be-ingrossed.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Up«»n Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty* B^fcge fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing 1 and '

amending the several Roads leading from the West " End of Upton Bridge, in the County 1 of WoreeJIW,

" to the Parish Of ' Tyrley, in the County of " and to the Parish of Colwall, in the County of Here*

" ford; and to the further Side of a Place called " Rid Green, in the Road to the City of Worrefer; and " through a Place called Roberts End, to Malvern Chafe,

" in the said County of Wrrcefterf Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which now remains due; and that the Money borrowed as aforesaid, together with the Tolls col-Iefted by virtue of the said Act, have been applied towards repairing the said Roads, and great Progress hath been made therein; but the feme cannot be completed, and the Roads kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and some additional Powers and Authorities granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of the said Act; and for granting Rich further and other Powers and Authorities, to enable the Petitioners to carry the said Act into Execution, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House 1

And it is referred to Mr. Walsh, Mr. Elwes, c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to Hose't

Whom the Bill for naturalizing John Daniel was Ntt-

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And <be delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed*

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn* ing, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing the Importation of fine Or-ganzined Italian Thrown Silk.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into into a Committee of the whole House, *an" Tax. upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,

40

9° — it>* Detembris.

A. 1778.

rnittee, That they have Power to receive er Clause, to . Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the be, An Act for extinguishing the Right of Common Year *777» out of the Supplies granted for the Year upon certain inclosed Lands, within the Parish of

*779'

Then the House resolved itself info the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed tha Chair. r-

Mr. Qrd reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same."

Ordered, That the Report be received, To-rtjorrow Morning. .: .;

forton, in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

the

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Joint Daniel Hose, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, Tint the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for, naturalizing John Daniel Hose.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitzvortkdo carry the Bill tq the Ir-ords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hof, ♦

Nat.

Supply Bill. Malt Duties.’

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt,'. Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct, that the Deficiency which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1779, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1777, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1779.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord, according to Order,-reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ip his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, wi, th the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties

French Prizes in this Kingdom, be now read.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

The other Orders of the Day being read,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-Priie Goods, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, with respect to bringing and landing certain French Prizes in this Kingdom.

Landing of

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Morning.

Jovis, 10° die Decembris;

Anno 19* Georgii III,is Regis, 1778.

PXAYKJtJ.

W inf or t oa lnctofure.

the Parish of Winforton, in the County of Hereford, was read the Third Time.

IS

fTtt-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Ilouife to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, with respect to bringing and landing certain

CZm

Landing of Prize Goat*.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.'Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report , when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing the Importation of fine Organ-zined Italian Thrown Silk, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.'

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive t he fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Ttal’an

Thrown

Silk.

The House was moved, That the Order made lef-terday, " That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for " the better Protection of the Oyster Fishery, within " the Manor and Royalty of Whit ft able, in the County " of Kent-, and for the more ealy Recovery of Fines, " due from the Fishermen to the Lord of the said Manor " and Royalty," might be read.

And the feme was read accordingly.

And Notice being taken, that the said Order extends

WJnr/Uble Oyster Fi flier v.

ingrossed Bill for extinguishing the Right of to the granting a Power not prayed for by the Petition

AN „ w _ .

jL V Common upon certain inclosed Lands, within of several of the Free Fishers and Dredgers, belonging

to the Oyster Fishery’, within the Manor and Royalty of WhitJlabU, in the County of in Behalf of

themselves.

t9 Geo. III. 10° — ii°

themselves, and all other Free Fishers and Dredgers there, which was presented to the House upon the jft Day of this Instant December;

The House was moved, That the said Petition might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Protection of the Oyster Fishery, within the Manor and Royalty of in the County of

Kent: And that Mr. St. John and Mr. Qrd do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Drs’^cic The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

Moduli, kc. a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback, upon the Exportation of certain Mullins, Calicoes, and Coffee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. *

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Returns. Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Jail General Returns of His Majesty’s Forces, Militia included, in the Kingdom of Great

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Militia included."

And the Question being put. That the Words pro-poled to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It pafl*ed in the Negative.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 2d Day of December, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Order for Copies of the last General Monthly Return of the Forces in Great Britain, to be laid before this House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put. That there be laid before this House, Copies of the last General Returns of His Majesty’s Forces in the Kingdom of Great Britain;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j } 28’

Telle, for the Noes^ H

So it passed in the Negative.

Decemkris. 41

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Supply Bin i granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to T"* be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, was. committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Fo.41. I.14. To leave out the Word "Oaths" and to insert the Word " Oath " instead thereof.

1. 15. To leave out the Words " in Eng-

16. > " land, in the First Year of the

17. J " Reign of King and

" Queen Ma, intituled, "An Act for abrogating the Oaths of " Supremacy and Allegiance, and " appointing other Oaths," and to insert the Words " in the last " Session of Parliament, intituled,

"An Act for relieving his Majesty’s Subjects, prorefling the " Popish Religion, from certain " Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them by an Act, made " in the Eleventh 'and Twelfth " Years of the Reign of King " William the Third, intituled,

" An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery," instead thereof.

And the Question being put; That the Word Oaths " stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 11° die Decefnbris; Anno 190 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1778. Prayers.

Ditto. A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That there be laid before this House, Copies of the last General Returns of His Majesty’s Forces in the Kingdom of Ireland;

It passed in the Negative.

itto. A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That there be laid before this House, Copies of the last General Returns of His Majesty’s Forces in North America and the West Indies;

It passed in the Negative.

AN ingrafted Bill for granting an Aid to His Ma- Supply Bill;

jesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, ^an<1 Tax., for the Sendee of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

tto, Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Regiments, Corps, and Companies, raised since the 24th of December 1777, with the particular Periods of Time at which each of those Regiments, Corps, and Companies, was returned to be complete.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the

Vol. 37.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing, and granting to Supply Bill; His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, Malt £,uties' and Perry, for the Sendee of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and

M Perry,

42

116 Decembris, A. 1778.

Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Groper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Account*; Fortification* and Artillery of Dominica.

Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Sums of Money which have been expended in building the Fortifications and Barracks in the island of Dominica: And allio.

An Account of the Artillery, Stores, and Ammunition, which have been feat for the Protection of the island of Dominica, since i ft January 1770.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst. the other Papers of this Session.

p -nf Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a

Subjects, Lift of such of His Majesty’s Subjects, professing the Popdfh Religion, as have taken an Oath pursuant to an Act of the last Session, intituled, "An Act for re- lieving His Majesty’s Subjects, professing the " Religion, from certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them by an Act, made in the Eleventh and " Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the " Third, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing " the Growth of Popery.’*

T df* Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to q o ure. Qr(jer> a gjj to eniarge, explain, and amend, the Powers given in and by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing " the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, *Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands " and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and " Liberties, of Floore, otherwise Flower, in the County " of Northamptonand for making the same more

effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bugbrooke Mt. Hungerford presented to the House, according to nc 0 ure. Qr(jer> a for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Bugbrooke, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Whitstable Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, F°>"er a Bill for the better Protection of the Oyller Fiftiery, 1 *er^‘ within the Manor and Royalty of IVhi if able, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Italian

thrown

Silk.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of allowing the Importation of fine Or-ganzined Italian Thrown Silk; That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Importation of fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, for a Time to be limited.

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Importation of fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Ord and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Drawback Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the on Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Muslin*, &c, granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon

the Exportation of certain Mullins, Calicoes, and Coffee^ was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossfed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Landing of Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for *rize granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, with respect to bringing and landing certain French Prizes in this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Sir H««b posed, That an humble Address be presented to His P*Utfs*y Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Court Martial may be held to inquire into the Conduct of Vice Admiral Sir Hugh in

and relative to the Action near Ujhant, on the 27th of July last, between His Majesty’s Fleet and the Fleet of France-, it appearing to this House, that the said Vice Admiral did not obey the Signals of his superior Commander, when preparing to re-engage the Ships of the Enemy;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " it appearing to " this House, that the said Vice Admiral did not " obey the Signals of his superior Commander, when " preparing to re-engage the Ships of the Enemy

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of " His Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces, by Sea," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, lb amended, being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give *

Directions, that a Court Martial may be held to inquire into the Conduct of Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Paliifer, in and relative to the Action near Ujhant, on the 27th of July last, between His Majesty’s Fleet and the Fleet of Francej

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, ]^aV3 for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of an cans' the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Supply. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

His Majesty;

Ordered,

Brechine,

&c.

Writ.

Landing of ftize Goods.

Drawback

on

!uflins, kc.

19 Geo. III. 11° — 140 Decembris. 43

Ordertdj Thit the Account of the Amount of the Sir Edward Aftley reported from the Committee, to Wor*

Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, paired whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act or Waste Land within the Parish of Wood ocourc*

" for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loan.1) or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1778," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in purliiance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the " Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," and to whom the same were issued, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. < *

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; whfeh they had di-fefted him to report, when the House will please to receive tire fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Aberdeen, Montrose, Abcrbrothock, and Inverbervie, in the room of the honourable Thomas Lyon, who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Orfice of Steward of J i is Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Dunce y 14.0 die Decembris;

Anno 190 Georgii III"* Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, with respect to bringing and landing certain French Prizes in this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, with respect to bringing and landing certain French Prizes in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defile their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for granting further Time foa allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of certain Mullins, Calicoes, and Coffee, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of certain Mullins, Calicoes, and Coffee.

Ordered, That Mr. Purling do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 37.

in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of Fourteen Acres of Land within the said Parish; and also the Owners of Two Cottages, having Right of Common upon the said Common or Waste Land; and that the whole Quantity of Land within the said Parish (exclusive of the said Common) is 1,600 Acres; and that there are Twenty-three Cottages, the Owners whereof have Right of Common upon the said Common or Waste Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, to SouthMoIton whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put Road*-in execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for re.

" pairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of " South Moll on, in the County of was re-

ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. George Shariat A, being examined, said, That a considerable Progress has been made in amending the said Roads, in doing which, the Tolls, and a very large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been expended; that there is at present a Debt of f. 3,650, which cannot be paid off, and the Roads completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are continued, altered, and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of South in the County of Devon: And that Sir George Mr.

Pall-e, Mr. C/evland, and Mr. Brett, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Trustees appointed in and Flimwell by a certain Act of Parliament, made and passed in Vent the Twentyrfixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- Halting* jesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for Road.

" repairing and widening the Road leading from Flint-

- well.

Macclesfield

Church.

Xinlithgow

Roadl,

44 140 Decembris A. 1778.

" well Vent, in the Parish of in the County

u of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Hastings, in the said County," and of several other Persons whose Names are thereunto set, living near, and usually travelling, the said Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Tolls, Duties, and Powers, granted by the said Act, were to take place, and have continuance, from the ift Day of 1753, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; which said Act was, by an Act made in the Twenty-eighth Year of his said late Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, further continued for Five Years, to be computed from the Expiration thereofj and that, in pursuance of the said first-mentioned Act, the Trustees thereby appointed have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls collected upon the said Road, which, together with tine Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act; but that the Money so borrowed cannot be paid off, nor even the Interest thereof, and the Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act are further continued and enlarged; and that some further and other Provisions are necessary, not only for the more effectual repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road, but also to enable the Trustees to pay off or reduce the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of the said Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Flimwell Vent, in the Parish of Ticehurst, in the County of Sussex, through Hurfigreen, to the Town of bridge; and from thence through the Parishes of Mount-field and Whatlington, to the Town of Battle; and from

thence through the Parishes of Hollington, Saint Mary oj the Castle, and Ore, being what is commonly called The Upper Way to the Town and Port of Hafiings, all in the County of Snssex; and to grant such further and other Powers, for the more effectually amending and keeping in Repair the said Road, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Medley, Mr. Elwes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend fer Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir George Warren reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Church, or Chapel, erected by Charles Roe, Esquire, in the Town of Macclesfield, in the County Palatine of Chester, a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for endowing the fame, and veiling the Right of Nomination or Presentation thereof in the said Charles Roe, his Heirs and Assigns; and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridge*, in the *4

County of Linlithgow and Bat, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Cunynghame, Mr. Dempster, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Wilkinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike " Road at Buckton Burn, in the County of Durham,

" through Berwick upon Tweed, to;

" and also the several other Roads therein mentioned,

" lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of " the said Town of BerwickAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Joseph Rami, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of St. Trinity, in the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Right of Patronage of the above-mentioned Benefice or Vicarage is vested in the King’s Majesty, in Right of His Crown; and the Tithes and Profits thereof do principally Hand and depend upon a Statute of the Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act " for the Payment of Tithes in the City of Coventry and that the Collection and Recovery of the several Rates, Tithes, and Dues, payable to the Petitioner, have been attended with numerous Difficulties, Delays, and expensive Litigations, oppressive and detrimental both to the Vicar and the Parishioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act of Philip and Mary, as relates to the Mode of assessing and recovering the Tithes, and other Dues, payable to the Vicar of the said Parish of St. Trinity for the Time being, and for giving Powers for the more easy and speedy Aftefl’ment, Collection, and Recovery, of the said Tithes, and other Dues.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Roger Mr. Co-

ventry, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Importation of fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, for a Time to be limited: nd the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of " Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Seventy-eight," and charged upon the First

Aids

Buckton

Bum

through

Berwick

KoaJs.

St. Trinity (Coventry) T itheb.

Italian

Thrown

Silk.

Supply.

lo Geo. Ill* 140 Decembris. 45

Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament,

Kefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling " His Majesty to raile the Sum of One Million, for the " Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Time, were, upon the Questiorr severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. De Grey pre/ented to the House, pursuant to

their Order,

An Account of the Regiments, Corps, and Companies, raised since the 15th of December 1777, with ew e ies* the Periods of Time at which each was returned corn-pleat; also an Account of such other new Levies, from the Time above mentioned, as have not yet been returned compleat.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth;

An ACCOUNT of the Regiments, Corps, and Companies, raised since the 15th December 1777, with th* Periods of Time at which each was returned compleat; also an Account of such other new Levies, from the Time above-mentioned, as have not yet been returned compleat.

Number*

CORPS. Date of the Beating Order, Dates of the Notifications for the Officers Commissions. When returned compleat, or nearly so. on those Returns, Rank and' File*

72d, or Royal Manchester Volunteers - 16th December 1777 20th March 1778 29th April 1778 1,010

73d, Lord A/1' Leo As - 19th D*- - - - 30th May 1778 - 7th May 1778 1,010

74th, Campbeirs 19th D° - - - - 2d D* - - - 13 th April 1778 - 1,010

Nine Welsh Companies, since formed into! a Corps, and called the 75th, or Prince > t)f Wales's Regiment J From 14th to 24th) January 1778 - S 30th D* - - - f From 15 th May 1 < to the 14th 1 L June - -,) 9°?

)6th, A fDonnell's - - - 25th December 1777 28th May 1778 - 1 ft July 1778 - - 1,010

77th, Murrays - - - - 25th D° - - - - nth D* - - - 29th April 1778 954

78th, Lord Seaforth’s 8th January 1778 - 30th May 1778 - 15th May 1778 - - 1.025

79th, or Royal Liverpool Volunteers 8th D° - - - - 30th D* - - - ift June 1778 - - i,oo 8

80th, or Royal Edinburgh Volunteers - 17th January 1778 - 17th June 1778 - 9th June 1778 - - 894

8 ift, Gordon's,* 19th December 1777 nth May 1778 - 30th April 1778 889

8 2d, Mac Lean's - 3d January 1778 - 27th April 1778 -. S7th May 1778, } i Six Companies I 648

83d, or Royal Glasgow Volunteers 17th D° - - - - 17th July 1778 - ift July 1778 - - 838

A Tenth Company to the 75th Regiment 25 th June 1778- -

A Second Battalion to the 73d - 24th September 1778 |

1

War-Office, 12 th December 1778.

Barrington.

Upton Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Bridge, &c. the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Roads. Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of iiis late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and amending the several Roads leading from the " West End of Upton Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of in the County of

" Gloucester; and to the Parish of ColivalL, in the County " of Hereford', and to the further Side of a Place " called The Rad Green, in the Road to the-City of " Wore eft er; and through a Place called Robert's End, " to Malvern Chafe, in the said County of was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found, that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bi.ls, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petiti- n, and had directed him to report the fame, as t appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

VOL.37.

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Upton

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.; Bridge, See.

To prove the All-gat ions of the said Petition, the said Roads. Act was read: And,

Mr, Wakeman Long being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Mo iey upon the Credit thereof, which still remains due; and that the same cannot he repaid, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued.

And the Witness further said, That several Amendments and Alterations are necessary. to be made in the said Act, and Jfome additional Powers and Authorities granted to the Trustees, in order to enable them to render the said Road safe and commodious.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the $e-

N cond,

Supply.

4<S 140 — 15 Decembris. 1778.

sond, for repairing and amending the several Hoads com pleat; also an Account of such other new Levies leading from the Wctl End of Upon Bridge, in the from the Time above mentioned, as have not r et been County of Wor refer, to the Parish of Tir/ev, in the returned compleat, be referred to the said Committee.

County of Gtowefler-, and to the Parish of Colzjall, in Then the House resolved it felt into the said Com-

she County of Hereford; and to the further Side of a niittee.

Place called The Rid Green, in the Road to the City of Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Worcester; and through a Place called Robert's End Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Street, to Malvern Chafe, in the said County of Wor- Mr- Speaker resumed the ('hair.

cejier: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Foley do prepare, Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they

And bring in, the fame. had come to teveral Resolutions; which they had di-

rected him to report, when the House will pieale to Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House receive the same. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- Morning.

jesty, be now read. Mr. Ord also acquainted the I louse, That he wag

And tlitf laid Order being read accordingly} directed by the Committee to move, that they may have

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Leave to tit again.

Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces Resolved, That this House will, upon

in Great Britain, including those in jersey and Guern- Morning next, resolved itself into a Committee ot tbp fey, from 25th December 1778 to 24th December 1779, whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said to Majesty.

1 Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the The other Order of the Day being read;

General and General Stall' Officers in Great Britain, for Resolved, That this House will, upon Wav*

the Year 1779, be referred to the said Committee. Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the anJ Means*

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, and Africa, in- for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. eluding those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from

25th December 1778 to 24th December 1779, both in- And then the House adjourned till To-morro.v

clulive, being 363 Days, be referred to the said Com- Morning, Ten of the Clock,

mittee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the Britishand Irish Efta-

blishment of One Regiment of Light Dragoons and Six Regiments of Foot, serving in North America, from 25th December 1778 to 24th December 1779, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Com- Anno 19* Georgia III*11 Regis, 1778. '

mittee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several p \

Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year Prayers.-

I779j.be referred to the said Committee. T ORD George Germain presented to the House, Amrrcan

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the A-j pursuant to their Address toll is Majesty, Colonies.

Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to N®‘ 1 to 13. Copies of Correspondence delivered into 'Treaties, for the Year 1779, be referred to the said Com- Lord George Germain’s Office, by Lieutenant General mittee. Burgoyne, on the 23d May 1778: And also.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Artillery N° 14. Extract of a Letter from General Sir William {qt the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pur- Hozve to Lord George Germain, dated , 29 th

luant to Treaties, for the Year 1779, be referred to the November 1777: Received 7th January 1778: And laid Committee. also,

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the N° 15. Extract of a Letter from Lord George Ger-Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Bri- main to Sir William Hozve, dated Whitehall, 4th February tain, and of Three Regiments of Fencible Men in 1778: And also.

North Britain, from 25th December 1778 to 24th De- N° 16. Extract of a Letter from General Sir William cember 1779, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred Howe to I -ord George Germain, dated Philadelphia, 3th to the said Committee. March 1778: Received 26th April: And allb,

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the N° 17. Ext raft of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto,

Cloathing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, dated Philadelphia, 24th March 1778: Received 7th for the Year 1779, be referred to the said Committee. May; inclosing,

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of addi- N° 18. Copy of a Letter from Sir William Hozve

tional Companies to the Embodied Militia in South to Lieutenant General dated Phila-

Britahi, for the Year 1778, be referred to the said delphia, 8th November 1777.

Committee. N° 19. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Cloath- Philadelphia, 14th November 1777.

ing for additional Companies to the Embodied Militia ' N° 20. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Sir William dated Cam-

bridge, 26th November 1777.

>I*2i. Extract of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated 19th December 1777.

N* 22. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Major General Pi got, dated 4th January 1778.

N® 23. Copy of a Message from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Major General N® 24. Copy of a Letter from General Sir William Hozve to General , dated,

19th January 1778.

N® 25.

in South Britain, for the Year 1778, be referred to the Laid Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1779, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Particulars of " the Sum of £.36,092. 7 6 Ordinary of the

" Office of Ordnance," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Regiments, Corps, and Companies, raised since the 15th of December 1777, with the Periods of Time at which each was returned

Martis, 15° die Decembris;

l9

Geo. m.

15" Decetn

47

N* 25. Extract of a letter from Mr. to

Mr. Hugh Fergnfton, January loth 1778.

N* 26. Extra# ol a Letter from General ton to General Sir William Howe, dated 30th January 1778.

N#*7. Copy of Resolutions of Congress, 19th December 17771 and 21 ft January 1778.

N* 28. Copy of a Letter from'General Sir William Howe to General Washington, dated Philadelphia, 5th February 1778.

N* 29. Copy of a Letter from Major General Heath to Lieutenant General dated

Boston, 3d January 1778.

N" 30. Copy of a Letter from General to General Sir William dated February

10th 1778.

N* 31. Copy of a Letter from Sir Howe to

Lieutenant General Burgoyne, dated 5 th February 1778.

N° 32. Copy of a L.-tter from General Sir William Howe to General Washington, dated,

14th February 1778.

N" 33. Extract of a Letter from General Sir Wiftiam Howe to General Washington, dated Philadelphia, 21st j February 1778.

N® 34. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Philadelphia, 2d March 1778.

N® 35. Power given to Colonels Charles O'Hara, Humphry Stephens, and Captain Richard Fitzpatrick, dated Philadelphia, 5th March 1778.

N* 36. Copy of a Letter from General Washington to General Sir William Howe, dated Head Quarters, 9th March 1778.

N° 37. Copy of a Letter from General Sir William Howe to General Washington, dated Philadelphia, 10th March 1778.

N* 38. Copy of a letter from General Washington to General Sir William Howe, dated Head Quarters, lath March 1778.

N* 39. Copy of a letter from General Sir William Howe to General Washington, dated Philadelphia, 15th March 1778.

N* 40. Copy of a Letter from Major General Heath to Lieutenant General Burgoyne, dated Boston, 3d January 1778.

N* 41. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Major General Heath, dated Cambridge, 4th January 1778.

N* 42* Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Cambridge,5th January 1778.

N° 43. Copy of a Letter from Major General Heath to Lieutenant General Burgoyne, dated Boston, 5th January 1778.

N* 44. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Boston, 6th January 1778.

N® 45. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Henry Laurens, President of the Congress, dated Cambridge, nth February 1778.

N® 46. Report of Lieutenant William Noble, of the 2t ft Regiment.

N* 47. Conversation between Major General Gates and Lieutenant Colonel Kingston.

N* 48. Extra# of a Letter from Major General Heath to Lieutenant General Burgoyne, dated Boston, 2tft January 1778.

N® 49. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Major General Heath, dated Cambridge, 24th January 1778.

N® 50. Copy of Remonstrance of the Officers of the British Army.

N® 51. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Henry Laurens, President of the Congrels, dated Cambridge, nth February, *778.

N® 52. Names Mid Ranks of Officers Passports to be made out for.

Vol. 37.’

X. s v Copy ot Resolutions ot Congress, on 8th American January 1778. olonie*.

N° 14. Copy of Ditto, 26th February 17y 8 And also,

N® 55. Extra# ot a Letter from General Sir William Howe to Lord George Germain, dated Philadelphia, 19th April 1778: Received ift Junes And also,

N° 56. Copy of a Letter from Lord George Germain to General Sir Henry Clinton, dated Whitehall, 12th June 1778: And also,

N® 37. Extra# of a Letter from His Majesty’s Commissioners to treat, contult, and agree, upon the Means of quieting Disorders subsisting in North America, to L.ord George Germain, dated New York, 5 th September 17781 Received 13th Oituber\ inclosing,

N* 58. Copy of their Requisition to the Chngress,

7 th August 1778: Arid alfoj

N" 59. Extra# of a Letter from Fits Majesty^ Commissioners to treat, consult, and agree, upon the Means of quieting Ditorders subsisting in , tb

Lord George Germain, dated New York, 3th September 1778: And alto,

N* 60. Extra# of a Letter from General Sir Henry Clinton to Lord George Germain, dated New Yorkt 15th September 1778: And also,

N® 61. Ex'ra# of a I^ettef from His Majesty’s Commissionerl to treat, consult, and agree, upon the Means of quieting Disorders subsisting in North America, td Lord George Germain, dated New 2 ift September

1778: Received 26th October-, inclosing,

N°62. Copy of Resolutions, &c. of the Congress:

And also,

N® 63. Extra# of a Letter from Lord George Germain to His Majesty’s Commissioners to treat, consult, and agree, upon the Means of quieting Disorders subsisting in North America, dated Whitehall,4th November 1778: And also,

N® 64. Extra# of a Letter from Lord George Gemtain to Sir Henry Clinton, dated Whitehall, 4th November 1778:

And also,

N® 65. Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 2d 1778:

Received 27th November; inclosing,

N® 66. Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to Henry Laurens, Et’quire, President, and others. Member* of the American Congress at Philadelphia, dated New York, 19th September 1778.

N* 67. Copy of a Letter from Charles Thompson, Secretary to the Congress, to General Sir Henry Clinton, dated Philadelphia, 28 th September 1778:

And also,

N® 68. Extra# of a separate Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 2 5th October 1778: Received 27 th November.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bafhvirk

Inclosure.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and Iticlosing the Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Wood in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Wood , in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Ajfley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making the Church, or Chapel, M«cclesfield ere#ed by Charles Roe, Esquire, in the Town of Mac- hurch.-clesfield, in the County Palatine of Chester, a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for endowing the fame, and veiling the Right of Nomination or Presentation thereof

48

150 Decem.

A, 1778.

of in the said C.harlei Roe, his Heirs and Assignsj and for other Purposes, was read the Third Time.

ResolvedThat the Bill do pass: and that the Title be. An Act for making the Church, or Chape!, erected by Charles Roe, Esquire, in the Town of Macclesfield, in the County Palatine of Chester, a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for endowing the lame, and veiling the Right of Nomination or Prelintation thereof in the said Charles Roe, his Heirs and Assigns; and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Barrow, Sir William Guifi, and Mr. Chester, do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

Bugbfooke

Inclosure.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of B in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Palmer, Mr. De Grey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the C.o-k, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Floore

Jaclosure.

A Bill to enlarge, explain, and amend, the Powers given in and by an Act, passed in the !all Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for dividing and indoling the Open and Common Fields, Common " Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable " Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, " and Liberties, of Floore, othertvife Flower, in the

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Friday lall, "That there be laid befo.e this House, a " Lilt of such of His M.'.jesty’s Subjects, profeliing the " Popish Religion, as have taken an Oath pursuant to an Act of the lafe Session, intituled, "An Act for rclieving His Majesty’s Subjects, profciling the Popish " Religion, from certain Penalties and Diiabiiities im*

" poled on them by an Act, made in the Eleventh and " Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third,

" intituled, "An Act for the further preventing the " Growth of Popery," might be read.

And the said Order was read accordingly. . , i

The House was all'o moved, That an Act, ‘made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " relieving His Majesty’s Subjects, profeliing the Popish " Religion, from certain Penalties and Dilabiluies imposed on them by an Act, made in the Eleventh and " Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the " Third, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing " the Growth of Popery," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be lent to the proper Officers of His Majesty’s High Court of Chancery, His Majesty’s Courts of Record at the

Courts of Great Sessions within the Principality of Wales

of

Vopish

Subje&s,

A?i

A

Iron Aston Inclosure.

" County of Northampton and for making the same and County Palatine of Chester, the Courts of Chan-

more effectual, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was eery and Common Pleas within the Counties Palatine read a Second Time. of Lancaster and Durham, and to the Sheriffs of the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John several Counties in England and; and that the

Palmer, Mr. De Grey, 8cc.: And they are to meet this laid Sheriffs do transmit Copies of the same to the Clerks Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s of the Peace of their respective Counties, and to the Chamber. Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, and other proper

Officers, of every Riding, Liberty, City, Borough, A Petition of Walter Long, Esquire, Samuel King, Town, or Place, holding Sessions within their respective Edward Harford’, Junior, William Batterfby, Joseph Counties, which are authorised to administer the Oath Godwyn, Ford Richardfoh, John Purnell, Gentlemen, mentioned in the said Act} and that the Officers of the and others, was presented to the House, and read; said Court of Chancery, and other Courts of Record, Setting forth, That there is within the Parish of Iron do forthwith transmit to the Clerk of this House, to Atton, in the County of Gloucester, a large, Open, and be by him laid before the House, the Lists of such Uncultivated Tract of Waste Land, called Alton Com- Persons as have taken the Oath mentioned. in the said Act; and that the Sheriffs of the several. Counties of England and Wales do also transmit to the Clerk of this House, the Returns of the said Names that shall be made to them from the Officers within their respective Counties.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Supply Kill; 51

Land Tax.

mori, Marlepit Common, and Cock Shute, containing Two hundred and Seventy Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said 'Walter Long, Esquire, is Lord of the Manor of Iron A cion, and the Dean and Canons of

Chrifi Church College, in the University of Oxford, are feited of the Right of Patronage and Presentation of and in the Parish Church of Iron Alton, as Appropriators of the fame, and entitled to all the Great and Small Tithes, Pepys:

or Modules in Lieu thereof, arising within the said Mr. Speaker, . ‘

Parish; and the Reverend Joseph Jane is Rector of the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act said Parish; and that the said Walter Long, Samuel for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax,

.King, Edward Harford, Junior, William Batterfby, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Joseph Godwin, Ford Richardson, John Purnell, and Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine; others, are Owners and Proprietors of Lands or Tene- without any Amendment: And also,

ments within the Parish of Iron Allan, and have, in The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; respect thereof, a Right of Common upon the said for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Malt Duties. Commons, or Tract of Waste Land; and that the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Dean and Canons of Christ Church College aforesaid have Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and several Pieces of Glebe Land within the said Parish, Seventy-nine; without any Amendment: And also, and are entitled to a Right of Common as aforesaid in The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act respect of such Glebe Lands; and that, by Reason of for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain the many Incroach ments of late Years by Persons hav- inclosed Lands, within the Parish of Winforton, in the ing no Right of Common, by erecting Cottages, in- County of $ without any Amendment: And

clofnig Gardens, Orchards, £ffc.it would not only be also,

of great Benefit and Advantage to all'Persons interested The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act in the said Commons, or Tract of Waste Land, if the for naturalizing John Daniel; without any Amend-fame Were divided and inclosed, but of public Utility: ment: And alto,

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act bring in a Bill for inclosing, allotting, and dividing, for further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth

h

Winforton

Inclosure.

Hose’*

Nat.

America;

Bill to detain

the said Commons, or Tract of Waste Land, as to the Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

t. " An Act to impowerHis Majesty to secureand detain Persons.

House Hull feern meet.

20

" Persons

Saint fos

Writ

Account;

Foreign

Coin.

Ditto*

Account of the Paymaster of American Force*.

Supply.

19 Geo. III. 150 Decembr. 49

w Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of M High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty’s " Colonies or Plantations in ,or on the High

m Seas, or the Crime of Piracywithout any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saint , in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Adam mond, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon the 8th Day of this Instant December, " That there be " laid before this House, a particular Account of all Monies paid, from the ill January 1774 to this Day, " inclusive, to be inverted in the Purchase of " and Portugal Coins, for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North America," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of all Monies paid, from the ill of November 1770 to this Day, inclusive, to be inverted in the Purchase of Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North America.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon the 8th Day of this Instant December, " That there " be laid before this House, a particular Account, " shewing how, and to whom, all Monies paid, from *' the ift January 1774 to this Day, inclusive, to be " inverted in the Purchase of Spanish and Portugal " Coins, for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North " America, was remitted, with the Particulars of all " Charges attending each Remittance," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account, shewing how, and to whom, all Monies paid, from the ift of November 1770 to this Day, inclusive, to be inverted in the Purchase of Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North America, was remitted, with the Particulars of all Charges attending each Remittance.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon the 8th Day of this Instant December, " That there be " laid before this House, an Account of the Paymaster’s Receipts, for all Monies received for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North America, from the ift Jamary 1774 to this Day, inclusive," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Pay mailer’s Receipts, for all Monies received for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North America, from the ift of November 1770, to this Day, inclusive.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had duelled him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow -eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a N umber of Land Forces, including Three, thou-Vox- 37.

sand Two hundred and Thirteen Invalids, amounting to Thirty thousand Three hundred and Forty-six Effective Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be employed for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred Thirty-three thousand Nine hundred and Eleven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Thirty thousand Three hundred and Forty-six Effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great , Jersey, and Guernsey, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand Two hundred and Six Pounds Eight Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One million One hundred Three Thousand One hundred and Eighteen Pounds and Eleven Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons, in the Plantations, and AJrica, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the Ceded Islands, and AJrica, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-two thousand Nine hundred and Twenty-three Pounds One Shilling and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of One Regiment of Light Dragoons and Six Regiments of Foot, serving in North America, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion. of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-six thousand and Seventy-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Five Hanoverian Battalions of Foot at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for Provisions for the Three Battalions of the said Troops at Gibraltar, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Sixty-seven thousand Two hundred and Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Thirteen thousand Four hundred and Seventy-two Men, of the Troops of the Landgrave of HeJJe Cajjel, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Four hundred Forty-one Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two Regiments of Hanau, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty with the Hereditary Prince of Cajjel, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen thousand Four hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of Wal-deck, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty with the Reigning Prince of IValdeck, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

O That.

Supply.

cj 150 — 16° Decemhris. A. 1778,

Supply. Tint a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-three thousand Nine hundred Forty-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of four thousand Three hundred Men, the Troops of the Reigning Duke of in the

Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand Six hundred Forty-four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Fourteen hundred and Forty-feveft Men, the Troops of the Margrave of An 1 pack, in the Pay of Great , together with the

Subsidy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Nine hundred and Fifty-eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Eleven Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good a Deficiency in the Sums voted for the Troops of the Margrave ot Brandebourg in the Pay of Great Britain, being the Charge of an Augmentation to the said Troops, from the First Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eighr.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixteen thousand Six hundred and Thirty Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of a Corps of Foot of Anhalt , in the Pay of Great Britaintogether with the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty with the Reigning Prince of Anhalt Zerbjl, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nme.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-eight thousand Six hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence One Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Provisions for the Foreign Troops serving in North America, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand Six hundred and Eighty-three Pounds and Fourteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Ten thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-two Pounds and Five Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia, of the several Counties in South Britain, and of Three Regiments of Fencible Men in North Britain, lor the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-five thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge lof the Cloathing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Four hundred Twenty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence,

be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of

Additional Companies to the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and . Seventy-eight. < ,;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding'Two thousand Six hundred .17

Fifty-six Pounds and Four Shillings, be granted to Hw '

Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Cloathing fop

Additional Companies to the Embodied Militia in South h

Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred an4 Seventy-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, -

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Fifty-nine thousand and Seven hundred and Thirteen Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty,: '

for defraying the Charge of several Augmentations to '

His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven -C

hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Ninety- 1

five thousand Four hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds

Fifteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to Hi.s

Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for r.

Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hun- I?.

dred and Seventy-nine. :;i

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, h

That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Twenty'-one thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His j

Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services perform'- -

ed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in One thousand Seven -

hundred and Seventy-eight.:

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- -

upon, agreed to by the House. ~

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Rigby, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Army; Mutiny . *n<J Desertion. *

1!

And th^n the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurtiy 16° die Decemhris;

Anno i9* Georgii IIP'* Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis RoyalAflfcrt Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: to Bill*.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Afient to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to " secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any

"of

19 Geo. III. i 6* D51

" of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America A Petition of the Right honourable Frederick Lord.

" or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy Viscount was presented to the House, and.

An Act for extinguishing the Right of Common read; taking Notice of the Bill for the better Protec-’ upon certain inclosed Lands, within the Parish of Win- tion of the Oyster Fishery, within the Manor and forton, in the County of Hereford: Royalty of , in the County of Kent; and Set-

An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Hose. ting forth, That the exclusive Right to the Enjoyment

of the said Fishery is vested in the Free Fishers and Wood Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry to the Lords the Dredgers legally admitted at the Court of Dredging, Wofare *ngro®:<^ Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common held under the Petitioner as Lord of the said Manor or Waste Land within the Parish of Wood Bajiwick, in and Royalty; and that it would be advantageous to the County of Norfolk, and desire the Concurrence of the Lord thereof, for the Time being, if proper Regu-their Lordships thereto. lations were established for ascertaining and recovering

the Fines payable to him by the said Free Fishers and Wtndorer ' A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in Dredgers: And therefore praying, That Provision may

» and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the be made, in the said Bill, for the above-mentioned Pur-

0UCRolaham Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty poses.

King George the Second, for enlarging the Term and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Powers granted by Two several Acts of Parliament, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

King George the First, and in the Fifteenth Year of the shall appear to them, to the House:

Reign of his Lid late Majesty King George the Se- And it is referred to Mr. Ora, the Lord Clive, &c.: cond, for repairing the Road from Wendaver to the And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, and ad- the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power ing separately for putting the said Acts into Execution, to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, so far as the lame, or either of them, relate to the

repairing the Road from the West End of the Town of A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to within Half a or by virtue of Two several Acts of Parliament, made in Mile of the River Colne, near Uxbridge, in the County the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

of Middlesex; and also of the Mortgagee of the Tolls King George the Secondhand the Seventh Year of the arising at the Tollgate on the said last mentioned Road, Reign of His present Majesty, for ascertaining, pre-and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Per- serving, and improving, the Navigation of the River fons, refilling near to, and frequently travelling on, Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Efex, and Mid-the said Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, d/efex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, of several Traders, Navigators, and others, concerned That by the said Act of the Twenty-fourth of his late or interested in the said Navigation, was presented to Majesty, the said Road leading from the West End of the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees the Town of Beaconsfield, to within Half a Mile of have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and the said River Colne, was directed to be repaired, and have raised a considerable Sum of Money, as well by the Trustees acting separately for the said Road have way of Loan, as by Annuities granted upon the Credit proceeded to repair the lame, and for that Purpose of the Rates and Duties authorized to be collected, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the other Monies vested in them by virtue of the said Acts; Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, which, which Money hath been applied towards the several they have expended, and allb the Tolls hitherto re- Purposes of the said Acts, as far as to the Trustees ceived, in making, amending, and keeping in Repair, doth appear; and representing to the House, that the the said Road, according to the Directions of the said Rates, Duties, and other Money, which they are au-Act; but the same cannot be kept in good and suffi- thorized to collect by virtue of the said Acts, are not cient Repair, and the Money owing paid off, unless sufficient to discharge the Interest of the Money bor-the Term and Powers of the said Act (so far as they rowed, and to pay the Annuities granted, as aforesaid; relate to the said Road) be further continued and en- and that, unless the present Tolls payable for Vessels larged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be making Use of the said Navigation are augmented, given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging several Persons, who have advanced Money, or pur-the Term and Powers of the said Act of the Twenty- chafed Annuities, upon the Credit of the said Acts,

fourth of his said late Majesty, so far as the same must be very great Sufferers, and the Navigation of

relate to the Road from the West End of the Town of the said River be totally loft, to the great Prejudice of Beaconsfield, to within Haifa Mile of the said River several Persons having Estates within the Counties of Colne, in such Manner as to the House shall seem Hertford, Efex, and Midd/eJ'ex, and of all others in-meet. terested in the Navigation of the said River and

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the to the great Detriment of the Public: And therefore

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- praying the House to take the Premises into Considera-mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it tion, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for shall appear to them, to the House: maintaining and supporting the said Navigation, and

And it is referred to Mr. Waller, the Lord Newha- for Relief of the several Persons who have lent and ad-ven, hc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, vanced Mom-yon the Credit of the said Acts, by such at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the' House have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- shall think proper.

cords. Ordered, That tire said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Italian A Bill for the Importation of fine Organzined Ita- mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Throw a lian Thrown Silk, for a Time to be limited, was read shall appear to them, to the House:

a Second Time. And it is referred to Mr. Plamer, Mr. Calvert, Sec.:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power of the whole House. to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- come to the Committee are to have Voices, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the said Bill. Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to

Vol. 37. Order,

Whltfhb!:

Oyster

Fishery.

River Lee Navigation*

5 2 16 Decembris., A. 1778.

Army; Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and ^or better Payment of the Army and their Quar-

DesertioiK ters * And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A&in’s A Petition of Nathaniel Lee Atlon, Esquire, was pre-

Name. fen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That

Baptist Lee, late of Livermere, in the County of Suffolk, Esquire, deceased, by his Will, bearing Date the 6th Day of April 1765, gave and deviled all his Real Estates to Trustees, and their Heirs, subject and charged as in h s said Will mentioned, upon certain Trulls therein mentioned, until the Petitioner (by the Description of his Great Nephew Nathaniel Lee only Son of his Nephew-in-Law Nathaniel ABon, by Caroline his late Wife, de-cealed) should attain his Age of Twenty-one Years; and from and after the Petitioner should have attained his Age of twenty-one Years, then to the Use of the Petitioner and his Assigns, for Life (subject and charged as in the said Will mentioned) with Remainder to Trustees, and their Heirs, during the Life of the Petitioner, upon Trull to support and preserve the several contingent Estates thereinafter limited, with Remainder to the First and other Sons of the Body of the Petitioner, successively in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over; and the said Testator, by his laid Will, gave Part of his Personal Estate to Trustees, in Trull, to permit the same to be enjoyed in the Nature of Heir Looms, by the Persons from Time to Time entitled to his Real Estates; and declared, that the Limitations in his said Will contained, to the Use of the Petitioner and his Heirs, were made, and were to take Place, upon this express Proviso and Condition only, that the Petitioner and his Heirs Male should, from and immediately after the Time of the said Tellator’s Decease, take upon him and themselves, and conllantly use, the Surname of Lee, before, and jointly with, the Surname of and for the better enabling him and them so to do, the said Testator directed the Petitioner, as loon as conveniently might be after he should have attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, to procure an Act of Parliament to enable the Petitioner, and the Heirs Male of his Body lawfully begotten, to take and ule the Surname of Lee, before, and jointly with, the Surname of and in

case the Petitioner should refuse or neglect to procure such Act of Parliament for the Purpose aforesaid, then the said Testator declared, that the Petitioner should not take any Estate or Interest in his Real and Personal Estates, or any Part thereof, by virtue of his laid Will, but in such same his said Real and Personal Estates should defeend and go to such Person or Persons as would be entitled thereto by virtue of the Limitations aforesaid, in case the Petitioner had died before he had attained his Age of Twenty-one Years, and without leaving any Issue of his Body lawfully begotten; and that the Petitioner hath attained his Age of twenty-one Years, and is desirous of complying with the Directions in the said Will, and of obtaining the Authority of Parliament, that he, and the Heirs Male of his Body, may take and use the Surname of , before, and jointly with, the Surname of A Bon: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Lee, before, and jointly with, the Surname of A Bon, purl'uant to the Will of the said Testator Baptist Lee, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elives and Mr. Winchcomb Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Call of Ordered, That this House be called over upon the House. the 19th Day of January next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then at-

tend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of this House, upon Tuesday, the 19th Day of January next.

Copies of which Letters are as follow; viz.

From the House of Commons, the 16th December 1778.

S I R,

I am commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint you. That you are, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Representatives of your County, and Boroughs within the same, to attend their Service in Parliament, on Tuesday the 19th Day of January next; and you are to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon, upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure of the said. House.

I am. Sir,

Your humble Servant,

FT. Norton, Speaker.

From the House of Commons; the 16 th 1778.

My Lord,

I am commanded by the House of Commons to desire your Lordship, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Members of Parliament for the Cinque Ports, to attend their Service in Parliament on. Tuesday the 19th Day of January next; your Lordship will also be pleated to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon.

I am, with the utmost lttfpeCl,

My Lord,

Your Lordship’s Moll humble and obedient Servant,

Speaker.

To the Right honourable Frederick

Lord North, Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports.

A Petition of John Morfhead, Esquire, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the room of

John Dyke Ackland, Esquire, deceased, George Stratton, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said George Stratton, by himself and his Agents, was guilty of gross Briber}’, in order to corrupt the Voters of the said Borough; and that the said George Stratton and his Agents, by giving, and promising to give. Money and other Rewards to the Voters of the said Borough, and by other illegal, corrupt, and indirect Methods, did prevail on many of the Voters of the said Borough to give their Votes at the said Election for him the said George Stratton; and that Hugh Mallet, the Deputy Portreeve and Returning Officer of the said Borough, during the Course of the said Election, admitted many Persons to poll for the said George who ought to have been rejected, and rejected the Votes of many Persons who offered to poll for the Petitioner, who ought to have been admitted; and that, in Consequence thereof, and by such corrupt, undue, and illegal Practices as aforesaid, the said George Stratton procured a Return in his Favour, to the manileft Wrong and Injury as well of the Petitioner (who, having a Majority of uncorrupted and legal Voters, was duly cleCled and ought to have been returned) as of the Electors for the said Borough, and in Violation of the Law of the Land, and the Constitution of Parliament: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises

Callington

Election.

Callmtfon

Ele&an.

19 Geo. III.

Into Consideration, and grant him such Relief as {half fecm meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday the 8th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

The following Notices and Orders were sent to John Morjhead, Esquire, and George Stratton,

Esquire, in pursuance of Two Acts, passed in the ioth and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

John Morjhead, Esquire, having this Day present-

ed his Petition; complaining. That at the last

Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the

room of John Dyke Ackland, Esquire, deceased, George Strut toil, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said George Strat-

ton, by himself and his Agents, was guilty of gross Bribery, in order to corrupt the voters of the said Borough; and that the said George Strat-

ton and his Agents, by giving, and promising to give. Money and other Rewards to the Voters of the said Borough, and by other illegal, corrupt, and indirect methods, did prevail on many, of the Voters of the said Borough to give their Votes at the said Election for him the said George Stratton-, and that Hugh Mallet, the Deputy Portreeve and Returning Officer of the said Borough, during the Course of the said Election, admitted many Persons to poll for the said George Stratton who ought to have been receded, and rejected the Votes of many Persons who offered to poll for the Petitioner, who ought to have been admitted; and that in consequence; thereof, and by such corrupt, undue, and illegal Practices as aforesaid, the said George Stratton procured a Return in his Favour, to the manifest Wrong and Injury as well of the Petitioner

(who, having a Majority of uncorrupted and legal Voters, was duly elected, and ought to have been returned) as of the Eledors for the said Borough, and in Violation of the Law of the Land and the Constitution of Parliament; and the House having appointed Monday the 8th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock

in the Afternoon, to take the said Petition into Consideration; you are therefore to take Notice, that the House will, at that Time, take the same Petition into Consideration.

Given under my Hand, the Sixteenth day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

-5 Fr. Norton, Speaker.

lo John MoYjhead, Esquire.

Mercurii', 163 die 1778.

Ordered, That John Morjhead, Esquire, do, by

hidiself, his Counlcl, or Agent, attend this

" House upon Monday, the 8 th Day of February next; at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

..... 7.

~ ' Cl. Dorn. Com.

t - .

The like Notice and Order to George r,

Esquire.'. .

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker doilfbe his Warrant, or Warrants; for such Persons,. Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Vox,. 37.

53

Lord George Germainprefertted to the House, pursu-

ant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Extract of a Letter from Governor to

Lord George Germain, dated Dominica, 8 th 1777:

Received 13th November:And all’o,

N° 2. Extract of a Letter from Governor. Shirley to Lord George Germain, dated Dominica, 3d September 1777: Received 5th December:And also,

N° 3. Extract of a Letter from Governor to

Lord George Germain, dated Dominica, 27th October

1777: Received 14th January 1778: And also,

N° 4. Extract of a Letter from Governor Shirley to

Lord George Germain, dated Dominica, 18th May 1778: Received 5th August: And also,

N° 5. Extract of a Letter from Governor Shirley to Lord George Germain, dated Dominica, 31st May 1778: Received 5th August; inclosing,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from Governor Shirley to Captain Bruce, dated Dominica, nth May

1778- .

N° 7. Report of Captain Bruce, Engineer.

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from Governor Shirley to Captain Bruce, dated 18 th May

1778: And also,

N° 9. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Stuart to Lord George Germain, dated 24th August

1778: Received 6th November.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

Lord George Germain also presented to the House,

pursuant to their Order,

Extract from the latest Monthly Return of the 48th Regiment of Foot, Rationed at Grenada, Tobago, and Dominica, shewing the Strength of the Three Companies at Dominica, dated 24th July 1778; and received the 20th November following.

And the said Lift, and the Title of the said Extract, were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Extract do lie Upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Extract are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Persons convicted of Felonies, or Mif-demeanors, and now under Sentence of Imprisonment in the Gaols and Houses of Correction in the City of London, and the Counties of Essex, Kent,

Herts, Surrey, and SuJJ'ex; specifying their respective Crimes, the Time when, the Term for which, and by what Court, each Person has been imprisoned; together with an Account of the Allowance made for the Maintenance of such Persons, and in what Manner they are employed.

Ordered, That the said Order be sent to the Sheriffs of the said City and Counties; and that they do make a Return to the same to the Clerk of this House, to be by him laid before this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Hajlings, in the County of Svssex, in the room of the Right honourable Charles who, since his Election for the said Port, hath accepted the Office of His Majesty’s Secretary at War.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account at what Time Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Pallljer exhibited a Charge against the honourable Admiral Augvjlus Keppel, and at what Time Notice of the same was given to Admiral Keppel.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

P consider

i 6° Decemb. '

Papers

respecting

Dominica,

Account of

Felons, &c;

Ha flings Writ.

Sir H. Pa II ifer and Admiral Keppel.

Supply.

54 <5* — 17° Decembris. 778,

confide? farther of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, Tint foe Ordinary Estimate of His Msjef-ty’s Navy, far the Year 1779, be referred to tire laid Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of -what may be necessary far the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, in the Year 1779, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refolded itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Qrd reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was di-

rected by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday the 15th Day of January next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Naval Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

C°«m enable the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners far executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to order Courts Martial on Sea Officers to be held in a convenient Place on Shore, whenever the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall judge it necessary or expedient: And that Admiral Pigot, the Lord Howe, Mr.

' Dunning, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Burke, Colonel Barre, and Lord John dj/h,do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday the 15th and Means. J)ay of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourfled till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 17®;

Anno 19® Georgii III'" Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

Whitstable A B I L L for the better Protection of the Oyster Oyster JLx. Fishery, within the Manor and Royalty of fVhit-

Fishery. Jlable, in the County of Kent, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That tjbe Bill be committed to Mr. Ord, Mr. Luttrell,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Supply. Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's 16

Table: Where the same were read > and arc as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, mat exceeding Three hundred 8ixty-©me thousand Eight hundred Eighty-two Pounds Six Shillings and a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary' of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Seventy-nine thousand One hundred Eighty-seven Pounds be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Hie said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Lord Mulgrave, from the Commissioners for Sir H. executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Admiral Order, Kepp.i.

An Account at what Time Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Palliser exhibited a Charge against the honourable Admiral Augufius Keppel, and at what Time Notice of the feme was given to Admiral Keppel.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Ehues presented to the House, according to Aston’i

Order, a Bill to enable Nathaniel Lee Acton, Esquire, Name,

and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Lee, before, and jointly with, the Surname of AH on, pursuant to the Will of Bapiifl Lee, Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, refoived itself into Italian a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Importation of fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, for a Time to be limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to.report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee. had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Drawback Act for granting further Time far allowing the Draw- on back upon the Exportation of certain Muslins, Callicoet, Muslins, &c. and Coffee; qnthout any Amendment: And also.

The

tp Geo. III. 17° — 22*

linving of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act PcieG-oiU for <,ranting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, with respect to bringing and landing certain Ft each Prizes in this Kingdom; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Decembris.

si

Martis> 2 2# die;

Anno 19* Georgii 1H, U Regis, 1778.

Hard Admiral Pigot presented to die House, according to Courts Order, a Bill to enable the Lord High Admiral, or {p,c Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to order Courts Martial on Sea Officers to be held in a convenient Place on Shore, whenever the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall judge it necessary or expedient: And the same wa6 received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second

Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved i tie If into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker fc lumed the Chair.

Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Brett accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to rtport to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

iogrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to order Courts Martial on Sea Officers to be held in a convenient Place on Shore, whenever the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall judge it necessary or expedient, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do paf*: And that the Title be. An Act to authorize the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, in case they shall think fit to direct a Court Martial to be holden on the Charge of Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Pal lifer against the honourable Admiral Augustut to order the said

Court Martial to be holden on Shore.

Ordered, That Admiral do carry the Bill to the Lords, and ddire their Concurrence.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Bur^els to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of M&rftgme?y, in the County of Montgomery, in the room of Whitshed Kefrie, Esquire, who, fioce his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Surveyor General bf His Majesty’s Works.

A Bill to enable Nathaniel Lee , Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Lee, before, and jointly with, the Surname of Aston, pursuant to the Will of Lee, Esquire,

deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Townshend, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Roads from the East End of Brough under Stainmoor, in the County of Westmoreland, by " the End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge, in the said County," and several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed to put the said Act in execution, have borrowed the Sum of £. 1,943 upon foe Credit of the Tolls, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied in widening and repairing the said Roads, and the same are greatly improved; and that the Term granted by the said Act, and which was continued for the further Term of Five Years, by an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of his said late Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, is near ex-' piling; and that the said Sum of 1,943 Hill remains due, on Mortgage of the said Tolls; and several Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made in the said Act; and that the said Road cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, and the Money owing repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Act amended and made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Ekves, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock,

Vol. 37.

A Petition of Lyonel Wright Fletcher, Esquire, Lord of the Manor or Lordship of in the Parish of

Morland, in the County of Wflmoreland, and several of the Freeholders and Tenants of the said ^tailor of JLordship, Was presented to the House, and read; $et* ting forth. That the Petitioner, Lyonel Wright Esquire, is Lord of the said Matiof or Lordship of Bolton, and entitled to the Soil and Royalties of foe Moors, Open Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Manor or Lordship; and that the Petitioners, the said Freeholders and Tenants,.within the said Manor

or

Montgomery

/I Son U

trough

under

Stainmoor;

Ac.

Roads.'

lJolton

Inclosure,

' <^.oo£ie

Buckton Burn to Berwick Roads.

Wood

Baftwick

Inclosure.

Macclesfield

Church.

Italian

thrown

Silk.

.\ccount;

Sp.toilh

and

Portugal

Coin.

56 . 22° — 23° Decembris. ^.1778.

or Lordship, are possessed of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, within the same, and entitled to'Right of Common upon the said Moors, Open Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement, but if divided and inclosed, might be gteatly improved, and considerable Advantage would accrue to the Petitioners, and others interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a BilJ for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Moors, Open Commons; and Waste, Grounds, under such Rules, Regulations, and Provisoes,. as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Fletcher and General Hdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike,

M Road at Buckton Burn, in the county of,

" through Berwick upon Tweed, to Lammerton Hill;

" and also the several other Roads therein mentioned,

" lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of " the said Town of Berwickwas read a Second Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. //77 fun, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet tins Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Wood Bailwick, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Church, or Chapel, erected by Charles Roe, Esquire, in the Town of Min the County Palatine of Chester, a perpetual Cure and Benefice j and for endowing the fame, and veiling the Right of Nomination or Presentation thereof in the said Charles Roe, his Heirs and Assigns, and for other Purposes; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment into Consideration.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. ic. 1. 32. After the Word " fit " insert " being " Proprietors or Renters of Pews " or Seats in the said Church or " Chapel."

The laid Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

: An ingrafted Bill for the Importation of fine Organ-zined Italian Thrown Silk, lor a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing the Importation of fine Organ-zined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Sh Grey Cooper Jo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.'Alderman Harley presented to the House, pursuant to their OrdcK,

A Lift of King’s Warrants received by Meftrs. Harley

J5

and Drummond, from the 29th of November 1770 to the 8th of December 1778: And also,

An Account of Spamjhand Portugal Coins remitted for the tile of His Majesty’s Forces in North from the ill of January 1774 to the Sth of December

1778: And also,

A Lift of- Paymasters Receipts received by Meftrs. Harley and' Drummond, from the .29th of 1770. to the-Sth of December 177S. ..

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Account were read.

Ordered, That the said Lift's anti Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House., ' *

The said Lifts and Account are prekrved among)! the other Papers of this Session.

And. then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

-vie.

Mercurii, 230 die D; '

Anno 190 Georgii III'1' Regis,"1778.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to authorize the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, in cate they shall think fit to direct a Court Martial to be holden on the Charge of Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Pal/ifragain!! the honourable Admiral Augustus Keppel, to order the said Court Martial

to be holden on Miore; with feme Amendments; to’ which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

.The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. t. 1. 1. 1 After "Whereas" leave out " it has

and > ." been usual in Cafes of," and inlert

2. 1 " by the Laws now in being."

1. 3. Leave out " theand in the fame

Li ne, after " Officers," leave out " of," and insert " Mariners, Soldiers, and other Persons, in or " belonging to."

1. 3. f After Majesty’s" leave out " Navy,

and > " to hold such Courts Martial,"

4. J and insert " Fleet are to be

" holden."

Leave'out " by the laws now in be-

Tj " inS"

1. 23. Leave out from " whereas" to " May," in the Thirtieth Line of the lame’ Press, and instead thereof inlert " by " reason of his infirm State of " Health, the necessary Attendant e " of the said Admiral may greatly " endanger his Life."

Pr. 2. 1. 4. After " Time " insert " being."

1. 5.1 Leave out " in calc such Court Mar-

and > " tial shall bedirested, to order the

6. J " same to be," and instead thereof insert " to order that after such " Court Martial shall have been " duly assembled and constituted

" and

Naval Con its IVlar:iaL

xo Geo. III. 23® — 24° Decembris — 14° Januarii. 57

" and the Members thereof, and " the Judge Advocate, duly (worn, " according to the Laws now in " being, the said Court shall be " adjourned to, and."

1. it. After "expedient" insert "and such Court Martial is and shall hereby " be authorised and required to " adjourn to such Place accordingly."

1. 13. After " that" insert "after such Adjournmeutshall have taken Place." 1. 15. Leave out " be at Liberty to."

At the End of the Bill, insert " upon Pain of being " cashiered from His Majesty's Service; and that the said Court " Martial shall be holden and proceed, in all other Respects, in the " same Manner and Form as if the " same should continue on board " the Ship in which it is originally " to be assembled."

In the Title of the Bill.

I’f Leave out " in case they shall think

"Jr "St.-

4. 4. After " to" leave out " direct a," and insert " order any."

1. 5. Leave out " to," and insert " which " may."

1. 5. After " be" leave out " holden," and insert " appointed."

1. 7. After " Keppd" leave out " to order " the said Court Martial."

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Admiral Pigot do carry the Bill to the Lords} and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 40 die Decembris;

Anno 19° Georgii III1'* Regis, 1778. Prayers.

AMES S A G E, by Mr. Quarnie, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

oral Assent The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission lor declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers} where a Commission under the Great Seal was read} giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Af-sent to the several Public Bills and One Private Bill therein mentioned} and allb impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills} Vol. 37.

and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Earl of Sandzuich, and the Ix>rd named

allb in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills} which Bills are as followeth } viz.

An Act for granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, with respect to bringing and landing certain French Prizes in this Kingdom;

An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of certain Mullins, Callicoes, and Coffee:

An Act to authorize the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, to order any Court Martial, which may be appointed on the Charge of Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Palliser against the Honourable Admiral Augufius Keppel, to be holden on Shore:

An Act for making the Church, or Chapel, erected by Charles Roe, Esquire, in the Town of in the County Palatine of Chester, a perpetual Cure and Benefice-, and for endowing the lame, and veiling the Right of Nomination or Presentation thereof in the said Charles Roe, his Heirs and Assigns} and for other Purposes:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Bafiwick, in the County of Norfolk.

And then the House adjourned till fhurfday, the 14th Day of January next. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Jovis, 14° die J;

Anno 19* Georgii III*'' Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

MR. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing Admiral the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Bri- Kepprl, tain, acquainted the House, That, a Charge having been exhibited by Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Palliser against the Honourable Admiral ’, for JVlifconduft and Neglect of Duty on the 27th and 28th of July 1778, he is now in Custody of the Marshal of the Admiralty, and taking his Trial at Portsmouth: Although this is no more than what is usual in like Cafes, yet as the Honourable Admiral Keppel is now a Member of this House, and as his Confinement may possibly keep him lorne Time from his Duty here, the Board of Admiralty think it a Respect due to the House, to inform them of this Commitment, and of the Occasion thereof.

And Mr. Btiller delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, a Copy of the Warrant to the Marshal of the Admiralty, to take into his Custody the said Honourable Admiral

Keppel.

And the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That what Mr. Buller hath now communicated to the House, and allb the said Copy, be entered in the Journal of this House.

The said Copy is as followeth }

(L. S.) By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great (Copy) Britain and Ireland, &c.

Whereas we have issued our Order to Sir Thomas Pye, Admiral of the White Squadron of His Majesty’s Fleet, to hold a Court Martial at Portsmouth, on day next, the 7th of this Month, for the Trial of the Honourable Augufius Keppel, Admiral of the Blue Squadron of His Majesty’s Fleet, upon a Charge exhibited against him by Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Palliser,

Q for

Stratford upon Avon Road.

Ludlowfach,

&c.

Road.

58 ' 14" Januarii. A. 1779.

for Misconduct and Neglect of Duty on the 27th and 28th of July last, in sundry Instances therein mentioned: And whereas we think proper that you should take the said Admiral, the Honourable Augustus into your

Custody, and attend him to and from the said Court; you are hereby required and directed to repair to Admiral Keppel, and acquaint him therewith: But, as it is

not our Intention that he should be put undef any g-seater Inconvenience or Confinement than is absolutely necessary, you are to take his Honour for his Appearance at Portsmouth, on or before the said 7 th Day of this Month, and on his Arrival, attend him to and from the Court, during the Continuance of his Trial, and thert to dispose of him as the Court Martial shall direct; for which this shall be your Warrant. Given under our 'Hands, and the Seal of the Office of Admiralty, this ift Day of January 1779.

Sandwich.

J.

Lijburne.

To William Borough, Esquire,

Marshal of the Admiralty, or his Deputy,

By Command of their Lordships,

Phil7' Stephens.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in -execution several Acts of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, through Warwick, to and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edghill, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act*, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collcded on such Part of the said Roads as leads from Stratford Bridge to Edghill, which still remains due; and that the Tolls collected upon the said Road from Stratford upon Avon to Edghill, together with the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been applied towards the Re-pail's of the said ltoad, and great Progress hath been made therein; but the said Road cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as they relate to the said Road, be further continued, and some additional Powers granted to the Trustees for those Purposes; and that the Petitioners apprehend the said Road might be better amended and kept in Repair if the same was made a separate District, and put under the Care of separate Trustees, and if the several Clauses and Provisions necessary. for repairing the said Road, were reduced into and made One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Skipwith, Mr.

Gascoyne,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Inhabitants, and others, of the Hundred of ’ Perveth, in the County of Carmarthen, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the High Road leading from Cledvulch, in the Parish of 'lofawr, ta and through Rhydyfain the said Pa-

17

rish, and through the Town of by Kil-

gwynne and Brans, and Gwtherigford, to the Town of Llandovery, and from the said Town of Llandovery to Ludloivfach, in the Parish of to

join the Turnpike Road leading to Builth, in the County of Brecon, at the Confines of the Counties of Carmarthen and Brecon; and also the Road from Turnpike Gate, in the Parish of Llanfadwrn, to and through the Town of Llangadock, over Coedyr,

by Pontar/leche and Gwinfe Chapel, over the Black Mountain, by CzVmllwyd, and by" Geliy Feinon and Ej-kim y Gelin, to the River Amman, at the Confines of the Counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan; and also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Glanareth, in the Parish of Llangadock, in the said County, by Llwynymendy ychaf and Garnwen, under the North’Side of Garnvolgam, by Coed Shonehouse, to join the Road at Pontarllechemill, and from Llwyn y mondy Uchaff to the River Sawthey, are in many Parts extremely rough, ruinous, and dangerous to Travellers, and in the Winter Season impassable for Wheel Carriages, and in most Places too narrow, and the same cannot be repaired by the present Methods provided by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening and repairing the said Roads' in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rice, Mr. Popham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair,

" several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County " of Carmarthen; and also several Roads leading from " Uandilo, in the said County of Carmarthen lb far as relates to the Roads included in the Kidwelly District, and of the several Creditors of the said District Trust, who have advanced Money on the Security of the Tolls arising from the loll Gates in the said District; and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, redding in and near to the said Roads, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others residing in, near, or usually travelling over, the said Roads, w-as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees of the said Kidzvelly District have applied several Sums of Money, raised on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, towards repairing and widening the said Roads; and great Progress has been made therein; but the lime, by reason of great Evasion of the Tolls, by People travelling other Roads (herein after mentioned) cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, unless such other Roads ate included within the same Trust, and the Powers of the said Act continued and enlarged; and further fettirtg forth. That the Road leading from ,in the

Parish of Llangunnor, to and through Llangendeirne and Llannon, to Ldaneddy Forest, to the Turnpike Road ' thereon, leading from Llandiloto on the

Borders of the 'County of Glamorgan; and also the Road leading from Lltvyndavilter, in the Parish of Llan-gendeirne, over certain Bridges called Pont antun and Pont yates, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Kidwelly to a certain Place near the Town of Llanelly; and also the Road leading from Troed yr through the Village of Lla, over the Great Mountain, to join the Turnpike Road from Llanelly, near a certain Place called Mynidd Feirzvs; and also the lload from the Scite of an old House on the said Great

Mountain,

Kidwelly,

&c.

Roads.

1

I.*.

S

19 Geo. III. 14°- — 19*

Mountain* where Walter Rees 1 homas formerly lived, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the Village of Llandebye, to the said Great Mountain, at a House where Evan Charles now lives; and also the Road from the Scite of the said Walter Rees Thomas's laid old House, over Wain Regod to a Rivulet of Water called Naniy Cu, near a Dwelling House belonging to a Tenement of Land called Tir in the Pa*

rifli of LlanJebye; and also a certain Road leading from or near Liandavan Barn, in the Parish of , to

the Ford or Ferry leading to ;all which Roads

lie within t!»e County of are in many

Places, by reaf'on of the Narrowness thereof, and the great Travelling thereon, become lo deep and ruinous, and in the Winter Season so bad, that Carriages cannot pass without great Danger; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, lo far as the same relates to the said Kidwelly -Di drift, and to render the same more effectual; and also to repair the above-mentioned other Roads, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rice, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

PwUh The House was moved. That an Act, made in the evu* Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

4 intituled, "An A iff for the better Regulation of the " Parish Poor Children of the several Parishes therein " mentioned, within the Bills of Mortality," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was allb moved, That the Report, which, upon the First Day of May in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee who were appointed to examine into the State of the Parish Poor Children within the Seventeen Parishes without the Walls of London, the Twenty-three Parishes in -dlesex and Surtey, within the Bills of Mortality, and the Ten Parishes within the City and Liberty of minster, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, and who were intruded to consider of the said Act, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Sa/uf-bury Brereton, Sir Herbert Mackworth, Mr. Brett, Mr.

Tufnell, and Mr. Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, not-

withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Supply. The House was. moved, That the Order made upon Wednesday the 16th Day of December last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways The House was moved. That the Order made upon m<l Means, Wednesday the 16th Day of December last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider further of Ways and

Vol. 37.

Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Mart is y 19* die Anno ip* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1779.

Pra yers.

SIR Thomas Skiptvith reported from the Committee, Stratford to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees u^"0^von for putting in execution several Acts of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, through Warwick, to mington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edghill, in the County of Warwick, was re-

ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 15th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr.....Clever being examined, laid. That the said

Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected on such Part of the said Roads as leads from Stratford Bridge to Edghill, which, with the Tolls collected thereon, have been applied towards the Repairs thereof, and great Progress hath been made therein; which Money still remains due and unpaid; and that the said Road cannot be effectually amended and keept in good Repair, and the Money so due and owing be repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts (so far as relates to that Part of the said Roads) be further continued, and some additional Powers granted.

And the Witness added, That it is apprehended the said Road might be better amended and kept in Repair, if the same was made a separate Did rift, and put under the Care of separate Trustees appointed for that Purpose, and if the several Clauses and Provisions necessary for repairing the said Road, were reduced into and made One Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Stratford upon Avon to Edghill, in the County of wick, and for repealing the several Laws now in force, relating to the said Road: And that Sir Thomas with and Sir Charles Hclte do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, Proprietors of Land Kibworth in the Common and Open Fields of Kibworth. Beauchamp, Kibworth Harcourt, and Smeetcn Weflerby, in the Parish of Kibworth Beauchamp, and County of Leicester, was preferred to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Common and Open Fields lie intermixed, and diC perfect in finall Parcels, and are, in their present Situa-

Little

Bowden

Inclosure.

Leicester*

&c.

Road.

Barkby

Inclosure.

City of Wells AfizeHall, ice.

60 I9° Januarit. ’ . 1779.

tion, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it the said Common and Open Fields were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Parties interested, according to their respective Interests therein, it would be a great Benefit to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Open Fields, under such Orders and Regulations as shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Palmer, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several Persons, Proprietors of Land in the Open and Common Fields of Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in their present Situation incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that if the said Open and Common Fields were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Parties interested, according to their respective Interests therein, it would be a great Benefit to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, under such Rules and Regulations as shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Hungerford, Mr. Powys, and Mr. Knight ley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairingjhe Road from the Borough of " Leicester, in the County of to the Town of

" Ashby de la Zoiich, in the said County," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and several large Sums of Money borrowed for that Purpose still remain due, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be extended, and the Tolls and several of the other Powers thereby given and granted be enlarged, and made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual the said Act, and for other the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Palmer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Barkby, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Palmer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Mailers, and Capital Bur-gslfes, of the City or Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Assize or Town Hall, and

Market-house, within the said City or Borough, being old, ruinous, and inconveniently situated, have lately been taken down, and there is not at present any Assize or Town Hall, or Market-house, within the said City or Borough; and that the Petitioners (as LelTces for Lives under the Bishop of Bath and Wells) are entitled to the Offices of Bailiff of the Bailiwick, and Clerk of the Market, of the said City or Borough, and to all Rights, Profits, Privileges, Advantages, Tolls, and other Emoluments, thereunto belonging, and have entered into an Agreement with the said Bishop for the Purchase of the Inheritance thereof; and that the Reverend William Willes, Archdeacon of and one of the Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of Saint Andrew, in Wells, is entitled to a capital Messuage or Dwelling-house, called A Canonical House, with certain Out-houses and Premises thereunto belonging, situate within the Liberty of Saint Andrew, in aforesaid, which are very much out of Repair; and that the Scite of the said Messuage, or Dwelling-house, Out-houses, and Premises, is a convenient Situation for erecting a new Assize or Town Hall, and Market-house; and that the Petitioners have (with the Consent of the said Bishop, in whole Collation or Donation the said Canonical House now is, in Right of his laid Bishoprick) entered into an Agreement with the said William Willes for the Purchase of the said capital Messuage or Dwelling-house, Out-houses, and Premises, in order to erect an Assize or Town Hall, and Market-house, with proper Offices and other Conveniences upon the Scite or Ground thereof; and that the building an Assize or Town Hall, and Market-house, upon the Scite or Ground of the said capital Messuage or Dwelling-house, Out-houses, and Premises as aforesaid, and appointing a proper Place for exposing Butcher’s Meat and other Commodities to Sale, will be of Great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said City or Borough, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing and confirming the said Agreements, and for building an Assize or Town hall, and Market-house, within the said City or Borough; and to authorize the Petitioners to appoint a proper Place for exposing Butcher’s Meat, and so forth, to Sale, by such Ways and Means, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, and for such other Purposes relative to the Premises, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Tttdway, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, being Owners of Lands, or other-wile interested in the Common and Open Fields, in the Parish of Cobham, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Property of the Petitioners, and the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands, in the said Common and Open Fields, lies intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and inconveniently situated with respect to the Cultivation thereof, and in their present State incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and other Persons interested in the said Common and Open Fields, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Open Fields, in such Manner

Cobhata

inclosure.

19 Geo. III. 1 90 Januarii.61

ner and under such Regulations as the House shall think Confederation of a Committee: And that they do exa-proper. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- shall appear to them, to the House: suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. And it is referred to Sir James , Mr. Lowther,

George Onslow, Mr. Norton, and Mr. Onslow, do prepare, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

and bring in, the lame. Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Theodorus Martinis Mifpelblom Beijer was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are. Alemouth Leave ing.y be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturali- thereunto subscribed, being several of the Trustees ap- Hexham

zation. pointed in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and

Mr. Elwes and Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do prepare, and " widening the Road from , through the Town

bring in, the fame. " of , to Rothbury, and from thence to the

" Town of Hexham; and also the Road leading

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are " out of the aforesaid Road between Alnwick and Roth-thereunder written, being Owners and Proprietors of, " bury, to Jockey’s Dike Bridge, in the County of Nor* or Otherwise interested in, divers Lands, Tenements, thumberland," was presented to the House, and read; and Hereditaments, in the Manor of Sleagill, in the Setting forth. That the Money borrowed on the Credit Parish of Morland, in the County of IV\flmoreland, and, of the Tolls by the said Act granted, together with the in respect thereof, entitled to Right of Common upon Tolls collected upon the said Road, have been applied certain Commons or Waste Grounds within the said agreeable to the Directions of the Ad, yet the said Road Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting cannot be maintained in diffident Repair, and the Money forth, That there are, within the said Manor of Sleagill, due repaid, unless the present Tolls are increased, and certain Commons, or Waste Grounds, containing 700 the Term and Powers of the said Act, and of the ad-Acres, and upwards; and that the Petitioners, in relped ditional Term granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-of their inclosed Lands and Hereditaments within the eighth Year of his said Majesty, intituled, "An Act said Manor, are entitled to Right of Common upon M to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of -the said Commons and Waste Grounds, which, in their the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, " An present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; but, " Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the if the same were divided and inclosed, it would tend " public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this King* greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and all " dom, and for the more effectual Execution of the others entitled to Right of Common thereon: And " Laws relating thereto," be further continued and therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said Act, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and with such made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House Majesty King George the Second, and, for making more shall seem meet. effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road, to

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, increase the present Tolls, and to continue and enlarge

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Term and Powers of the said Act, for such further

Sir James Lowther, Sir Michael le Fleming, and Mr. Term, and under such Regulations, as to the House Lowther, do-prepare, and bring in, the lame. (halt seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the [e» A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-and by virtue of, An Act of Parliament, palfed in the mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it -Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty shall appear to them, to the House:

King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for wi- And it is referred to Lord Algernon Percy, Sir James " dening and repairing the High Road, leading from Lowther, tec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-

" Heron Syke, which divides the Counties of Umcafler ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

" and Westmoreland, to the Town of Kirkby in Kendal, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and

44 and from the said Town of Kirkby in Kendal, through Records.

" the Town of Shapp, to Emont Bridge, in the -laid

44 County of Westmorelandf' was presented to the House, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Newcastle and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for ««^cr Lyne

borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, upon the Gre- the eliding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- nt'

dit of the Tolls'granted by the said Act, which, toge- ment for the Borough of Newcastle under Lyne, in the ther with the lolls, have been applied according to County of Stafford, in the room of Sir George Hay, the Directions thereof; and that the Term granted by Knight, deceased. the said Act, and which was continued for the further Term of Five Years by an Act, made in the Twenty- A Petition of several of the Trustees for an Act, Gloucester eighth Year of his late Majesty, relating to the Turn- passed in the Thirty-full Year of his late Majesty King m Stone

pike Roads of this Kingdom, is ne^r expiring; and George the Second, for enlarging the Terms and rowers Road*,

that the Tolls, granted by the said first-mentioned of several Acts, palfed for amending the Road from ai^.r"the

Ad, are insufficient for the Purposes of keeping the Gloucester and the several Roads leading from ? '* oae‘

said Road in Repair,-and paying off the Money bor- Bristol, and likewise several other Roads in the relpec-

rowed, and several other Alterations and Amendments tive Acts mentioned, was presented to the House, and

are necessary to be made in the said Act; and that the read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceed-

said Road cannot be kept in good Repair, and the ed in the Execution of lb much of the said Acts as re-

Mohey owing be repaid, unless the said Term is further 'late to the District of Road leading from the City of continued, and the Ad amended and made more effec- Gloucester to the Nine Mile Stone upon the Bristol Road, tual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given at or near a Place called The Clay Pitts, in the County to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of of Gloucester -, and a considerable Sum of Money hath the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem been borrowed on the Credit thereof, which, with the meet, Tolls oolleded, have been applied towards the Repair

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the of the said Road; and that the Term granted by the Vol. 37. ‘;... . , R said

62

i§° — 20° .

j

'A- 1779-

Accounts;

Info

Imports

and

Exports.

Call of the House.

fold Act of the Thirty-first of George the Second is near expiring j and unlefe the same is continued, and feme farther and greater Powers granted, the prel’ent Debt cannot be discharged, and the said District of Road be effoftually amended and kept in Repair; and that the several Roads directed to be repaired by the said Acts are upwards of Eighty Miles in Extent, and upwards of Twenty Turnpikes are erected thereon; the Petitioners therefore conceive, that if the District of Road leading from the City of G/ouceJferto the Nine Mile Stone upon the Bristol Road, at or near The Clay was fepa-

rated from the other Districts of Roads included in the said several Acts, and comprised in One Act only, if would be attended with less Inconvenience, and prevent Confusion: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shalf. think most proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William , Mr. Barrow, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fond for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity and Value of Goods exported from Great Britain'so Ireland, and imported from Ireland into Great Britain, from the iff of January 1768, as far as the fan e can be made up, distinguishing each Year.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the Second Day of February next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

" Sessions within their respective Counties, which arc " authorized to administer the Oath mentioned in the " said Act; and that the Officers of the said Court of " Chancery, and other Courts of Record, do forthwith " tranlbiit to the Clerk of this Houfo, to be by him " laid before the Houfo, the Lists of Inch Persons as have taken the Oath mentioned in the said Act; and " that the Sheriffs of the several Counties of England and Wales do also transmit to the Clerk of this " House the Returns of the said Names that shall be " made to them from the Officers within their respective Counties;" and that the said Returns were now upon the 'fable.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be per u fed by the Members of the Houfo.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Thomas Browne , Esquire, Lord of the Manor, and Owner or Impropriator or the Great Tithes of Chijleden and I*-dson, and of the several other

Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, being Owners and Proprietors of the Lands, or having Rights of Common or other Interest, within the East and West Tithings of Chijleden and Tithing of liodson, in the Parish of den aforesaid, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the Houfo, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Tithings and Parish several Common Fields, Commonable Lands, a»d Old Inclosures, which might be greatly improved if they were divided and allotted into specific Shares, to be held in Severalty, and a Compensation made for the Tithes arising out of the lame; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for thele Purposes, with such Powers as may be necessary or proper to effectuate the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Goddard and Mr. Penruddock do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

---------------- — 1 — --------- A Petition of foveral of the Trustees for the several

Roads leading from the City of Bristol, under and by Mercurii) 20° die januarii 5 virtue of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of

King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for en-Anno 19° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1779. " larging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Nineteenth Year of the " Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Prayers. «» enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act,

Returns A T R. Speaker acquainted the House, That the " passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late of JlYJL Clerk of this Houfo had received several Returns Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road SutFtft to Aiders of the House of the 11th and 15th Dap " from the City of G/oueeJler to Stone, and other Roads u 'Jt & of December last, "That there be laid before this Houfo, therein mentioned, and for making the said Act more " a List of such of His Majesty’s Subjects, professing rt effectual; and- the other passed in the Twentythe Popish Religion, as have taken an Oath pursu* " second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inant loan Act of the last Session, intituled, "An Act " tituled. An Act for continuing Two Acts of Parfor relieving His Majesty’s Subjects, profoffing the " liament, the on* passed in the Thirteenth Year of " Popish Religion, from certain Penalties and Dif- " the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, ' ’ " abilities imposed on them by an Act, made in the " for amending the several Roads leading from, the

’ " Eleventh and Twelfth Years of tire Reign of King " City of and the other paRed in the Fourth

" William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the fur- " Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain ' ... ' ' " ther preventing the Growth of Popery " and also, " and amend the same Act, and for making the said " That the said Order be font to the proper Officers of " Acts more effectual; and also for repairing other " His Majesty’s High Court of Chancery, His Majes- " Roads therein mentioned, and for making all the " tv’s Courts of Record at Westminster, the Courts of " said Acts more effectual, and for repairing, widening, " General Sessions within the Principality of Wales, " and keeping in Repair, foveral other Roadswas " and County Palatine of Chester, the Courts of Chan- presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That " eery and Common Pleas within the1 Counties Pala- the said Acts have been continued to be put in execu-tine of Lancaster and Durham, and to the She- tion, for which Purpose several Sums of Money have " riffs of the several Counties in England and Wales; been borrowed, the Whole of which ftiil remains due; " and that the said Sheriffs do transmit Copies of the and that, although a considerable Progress has been " same to the Clerks of the Peace -of their1 respective made in amending the foveral Roads under the Petition Counties, and to the Clerks of the Peace, Town ers Care, yet the same cannot be completed and kept f*Clerks, and other proper Officers, of every-Riding,'- in Repair, nor.-the tyon$y due be repaid, unjels the " " Liberty, City, Borough, Town, or Place, holding Term of the said Act of the Thirty-first Year of his said 20 late

Chide (ten illJoJlUt.

Briftot

Roads*

Ip G EO. III.

20° Januarii.

late Majesty be further continued, and some further and other Powers granted; and that it would be convenient to have all the said Act% and also certain Clauses in an Act, naffed in the Tiiirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing several Roads leading to the *Town of Bridgewater, in the county of;

" and for amending, and rendering more effectual,

41 several Acts for amending several Hoads from the " Cities of Gloucester and; and several other

44 Hoads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of " Somerset and Gloucester," so far as the same respectively

relate to the said Hoads leading from the City of Bristol, reduced into Or.c; and that it would be very advantageous if a Hoad was laid open from the Turnpike Gate near Stokes Croft, on the Hoad leading from the City of Bristol, called The Road, to the Turnpike Gate near the Black Birds on the Stapleton and Mangotsfeld Common Hoad: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term of the said Act of the Thirty-first Year of King George the Second; to reduce all the Acts for amending the Roads under the Petitioners Care into One Act:; to give such further and other Powers as may lie necessary for completing the Repair of the said Hoads; and for laying open the new Road above mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Chester, Lord Brownlow Bertie, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Stratford Sir Thomas Skipwish presented to the House, accord-tipon Avon,- ing to Order, a Bill for more eftcftually repairing the Hoad leading from Stratford upon Avon, to in

the County of Warwick, and for repealing the several ' Laws now in Force relating to the said Hoad: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Altetr, ' A Petition of the Right honourable Sir Charles &c. William Molyneux, Baronet, Earl, of in the King-

rai"a*e* dom of Ireland, Richard Wilbraham Bootle, Esquire, Thomas Seel, Esquire, the Reverend Richard ' the Reverend John Sta, and several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors and Owners of certain Low Lands, lying in the several Townships, Vills, Hamlets, or ' Didrifts, of,

Sefton, Hetherton, Lunt, Thornton, , Mag hull,

Me/ling, litre, Blundell, Little Cro/hy, Form by, and Down Holland, within the Parishes of Sefton, Hatfall,

and Walton upon the , in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Low Lands have, for several Years pnft, been, and Hill are, commonly overflowed With Water, through the Deleft of their Outfalls to the Sea, and Obdruftions in the present Course of the River Alt, in the said Count-/, by which Means the ' same are rendered of little or no Value, to the Loss of the Public, as well as the great Damage of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining, improving, and 'preserving, the said Low Lands, in the Parishes of Altcar, Sefton, Half til, and Walton upon the Hill, aforesaid, and for altering the Course of the said River

Ordered, Thats the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of, a Committee: And that thy, do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

4Artd it is rifetred to Mr. WUhaham Bootle, Mr.

Vol. jp

Tovmshend, See.: And they are to meet To-morfow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, In the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Whartbn Amtotts, Esquire, Lord of* Aitiroti* t the Manor of Am colts, in the Parish of in nc 0 use'

the County of Lincoln, and the Proprietor of greatest Part of the Lands within the Manor and Township of Amcotts aforesaid, and others, Proprietors of Lands within the Manor and Township of Amcotts aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there are, within the said Manor and Township, certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pallurcs, Waste Lands, and Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners, and others; and that, if the same were divided and indofed, and specific- Shares allotted to each Proprietor, according to their several Interests therein, the same would be of great Advantage to them, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That I^cave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Piayer of the said Petition: And that Lord BrownlowBertie and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Wharton Amcotts, Esquire, Lord of Willln|hart the Manor of Willingham, in the County of Lincoln, (ncloiwt. and the Reverend Robert Wells, Doctor in Divinity, and James Dealtry, Esquire, being Proprietors of and interested in, the Open Fields, Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Willingham aforesaid, in behalf of themselves, and the other Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open Fields, Stinted Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, containing, by Estima-tion, 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts, and that a Division and Inclosure of the same would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Common Pastures, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring. in, the fame. '

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Corrinetaro Lands, lying in the Open Fields and Meadows within Jndolure. the Townships of Great Corringham and Little Corting-ham, and Hamlet of Ayjby, in the Parish of Great Cor* ring ham, in the County of Lincoln, and also of several Persons entitled to Tithes, arid having Right of Common, in, over, upon; and out of, as well the said Fields and Meadqws, as the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the said Townships and Hamlet, was presented to the House, and read; Setting ifbrth;. That some of the Petitioners afe possessed of Lands, within the said Open Fields and Meadows, and others.are entitled to Tithes, and have Right of Common on the said Fields, Meadows, Common'and Waste Grounds, respectively; and that the Lands' in the lard Operv Fields and Meadows lie intermixed and dispersed, are inconveniently situated, and, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvements; bbt if tlje fame, together with the said Common and Waste Grounds, were divided and indofed, and specific Shares 1 thereof allotted to the several Owners, in lieu of, and in proportion to, their respective Interests therein, the.

Value thereof would be much increased, and the Petitioners greatly benefited thereby: ‘And thereforepray-

’ ' 1 ing-

64 20* Januarii. 1779.

iftg. That Leave may be given to bring In a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and for such other Purposes as (Hall be therein mentioned, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Pelham, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

iringtWpe Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of jicwfure. lying in the Open Fields and Meadows within the Parish of Spring! horpe, in the County of Lincoln, and also of several Persons entitled to Tithes, and having Right of Common, in, over, upon, and out of, as well the said Fields and Meadows, as the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish, was predated to the House, and read; Setting forth, That some of the Petitioners are possessed ot Land within the said Open Fields and Meadows, and others arc entitled to Tithes, and have Right of Common on the said Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, respectively, which contain together 1,100 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands, in the said Open Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed, are inconveniently situated, and, in their present State, io-’ capable of any considerable Improvement; but if the hone, together with the said Commons and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Owners, in lieu of, and

in proportion to, their respective Interests therein, the

Value thereof would be much increased, and the Petitioners greatly benefited thereby: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for

i dividing, allotting, and indoiing, the said Open Fields, Meadows,. Commons, , and Waste Grounds, and for such other Purposes as shall be therein mentioned, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House - shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord

Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Pelham, and Mr. Vyner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Buckton jJr Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, ®um . to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of.

Berwick 501 Act, made in the Twenty-tixth Year of the Reign Road. of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An " Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road " at Buckton Burn, in the County of Durham, through " Berwick upon Tweed, to Lammcrton Hill; apd also "the several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the said - Town of Berwick,* was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be* true; and that the Committee' had ’ gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments: thereunto; which they had directed him to report to ' the.House; and he.read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered thp Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s ..Table - Where the Amendments were . Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One -! by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, agreed to by the House.

-‘.xy Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Thirik, ' A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing Itc. ^n Ad, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of Road. Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and-widening the Road from Thirsk,

" over SkiptpH', Bridge, through to Baldersby

" Gate, adjoining to Moor, in the Way to

.\u.Biponi fciid through. Aindcrby,.Quem/tozu, and _ . " field, by Well Flashes Gate, to Masham, in the County

*7

of York; and likowife for removing the Toll House " and Turnpike Gates at Bushy in the said

County, to some other convenient Place in the Road leading from Boroughbridge to the City of Durham," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have made great Progreis in the Repair of the

Roads mentioned in the said Act; and that One thousand Eight hundred Pounds, which has been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, is still owing; and that, the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring; and, unless the Term and Powers thereof are continued and enlarged, the Money owing cannot be repaid, nor the Roads properly widened and repaired: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the fyd Ad, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Herbert Sir

George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Reverend Samuel Chambers, Clerk, Croft Rector and Incumbent of the Parish and Parish Church *ncl<Jlur<:-of Croft, in the County of Leicester, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Owners of Land, or Right of Common, in the Open Fields, Meadow’s, Failures, and Commonable Grounds, of Croft aforesaid, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Persons interested therein, was presented to , the House, and read; Setting forth. That it would be very advantageous to all the Proprietors of Land; and.

Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, Paf- ,

tures, and Commonable Grounds, to have the same divided and inclosed, and a specific Part thereof allotted to every of them, according to their Property therein, to be held in Severalty, for ever: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given 10 bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows,

Failures, and Commonable Grounds, -in such Manner . as to the House Avail teem meet. ",

Ordered, That Leave be given to brirtg In a Bill, pur- . liiant to the Prayer of the said Petition:; And that Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Palmer, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, fire fame. v, .

Ordered, That Leave be. given to bring in a Bill for Mar:* the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while ¥"*. on Shore; And that Mr. Stephens, Mr, Buller, and Mr.‘

Gabriel Steward, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor, and of divers Lepton Freeholders and Owners of Lands, within the Township InUoturs. of Lepton, in the Parish of Kirk heat on, in the Wdl Riding of the County of York, was preferred to ,^lie House, and read; Setting forth, That there are certain Open Commons or Waste Grounds within the said Township, which would be of much greater Value if they wet divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a.Iijll for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Township, under such Rules iand Regulations as to the 1 toufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That I >eaVc be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William IVake, Sir George Savile4Sir John Gocdru ke, and Mr '.Ldfcelles, do prepare, and bring in, the laxne.

« " ,; . 1 - ,

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act, pbffed. in the Twenty-sixth Year of

- P . the

t9 Geo. III. ao° Jatmarii. 65

Ashby the Reign of his late Majesty King Georgi the Second, the same to be tfue j and that the Committee had gone Zfwh rePa‘r‘nS an^ widening the Road from Ashby-de through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-',°c Zot'ch, in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon unto; which they had directed him to report to the Tumury Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Cock Inn in House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af-

K°ad. Tut bury, in the said County, waspresented to the House,

I and read; Setting forth, That great Progress has been

I made in amending the said Road, for which Purposel

I considerable Sums of Money have been botrowed on the credit of the Tolls, which still remain due; and that the Amendment of the said Road cannot be com-plcated, and the same kept in Repair for the future, and the Money due be repaid, with the Interest thereon, unless the said Act be continued and enlarged, and iome further Powers granted.: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill fofr enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Lord Browitlow

Bertie, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber i and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-cordsv

(cJtw) \ Petition of Joseph Batin, Clerk, Vicar of the Pari 111 and Parish Church of Saint , in the City of Coventry, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of ' themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Houses and other Tenements in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Right of Patronage of the above-named Benefice, or Vicarage, is vested in the King’s Majesty, in Right of His Crown; and the Tithes and Profits thereof do principally stand and depend upon a Statute of the Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for the " Payment of Tithes in the City of Coventry;" and that the Rates and Assessments, made by virtue of the said Statute, have been much impaired from their true Value, and become not only arbitrary and unequal, but insufficient for the Maintenance and Support of the said Vicar; by reason whereof, several Suits and Differences have arisen about the Payment and Proportion of the said Tithes, to the great Prejudice and Impoverishment of the contending Parties; and that the Petitioners, in order to avoid all future Disputes relative to the said Tithes, have agreed, that a Pound Rate shall be laid upon the Inhabitants, and Occupiers of Houses and other Tenements, within the said Parish, and paid to the Vicar, for the Time being, instead of the Payments directed by the said Statute; such Rate to commence and be paid from Easier 1773, to be in lieu, and perpetual Discharge of, all Tithe*, and Ecclesiastical Dues and Demands what foe ver, payable to the Vicar of the said Parish: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to ascertain and establish the Payment of the said Pound Rate, in lieu of Tithes and Ecclesiastical Dues, within the said Parish of Saint Trinity, in Coventry.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Joseph Rami, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Trinity, in the City of Coventry, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

liable Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to whom for the Bill for the better Protection of the Oyster Fishery, :ry‘ within the Manor and Royalty of ,in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the B^L and found VOL.37,

terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be frtgrofled.

A Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are Oxdown thereunto subscribed, appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

u An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from

Ox dozen Gate, in Popham Lane, to the City of Winehester; and from the said City, through to

11 Chandler's Ford; and from Hurjley aforesaid to the " Turnpike Road at RomJ'ey; and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of " Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Minfler,

" in the County of Dorset;" and by an Act of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made in the " Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, tc for repairing and widening several Roads therein " mentioned, in the Counties of Southampton and " Jet; and for amending and widening the Road between Ringzvood Gate, in the county of,

to WoolJbridge, and from thence to the Great Western " Road, between a Place called Thick Thorn and Cashmore inn," was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Powers contained in the said First-mentioned Act, as to the Second District of Road therein mentioned, was, by a subsequent Act of the Fifth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, extended to the Road leading from the Street called,

through Chilzuorth, to the River at Swathling, in the

laid County of Southampton; and the said Road was thereby added to the said Second District of Road; and that the Trustees, appointed by the Two Acts above mentioned, have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied in making and keeping the said Roads in Repair, and for such other Purposes as by the said Acts are directed; but that the said Roads cannot be kept in effectual Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts are extended and enlarged, and the Acts amended and made more effectual:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts, and for amending and making the same more effectual.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Henry St. John, Sir Charles Bunbury, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn* ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Corrimittee, lb Hartsmere, whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Lands,

Houses, Tithes Impropriate, Propriation of Tithes, and Saleable Underwoods, within the several Hundreds of Hartsmere, Hoxne, and Thredling, in the County of

Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf ot themselves, and all others, chargeable with, and contributing to, the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor, within the said several Hundreds, was referred;

S That

2o°- — 3 i° Januariu ' 1779.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House , and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Snapp being examined, said. That the Number of Poor, within the several Parishes in the Hundreds of Hartsmere, Hoxne, and in has of late Years greatly increased, and they are now maintained at a much greater Expence than formerly; that it would be very advantageous to the Owners of Estates in the said Hundreds, and tend greatly to the Comfort and Relief of the Poor there, if a House was provided for their Reception, and proper Powers given for the Employment, Management, and Regulation of them therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the several Hundreds of Hartsmere, Hoxne, and Thredling, in the County of Suffolk: And that Sir Charles Bunbury and Mr. Holt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Regulating The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Mad Housei. Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating Mad Houses," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act, for a further Time to be limited: And that Mr. Thomas and Mr. George

kies Vernon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Recruiting The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Land*Forces. Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " more easy and better recruiting of His Majesty’s " Land Forces and Marines," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act, and for substituting other and more effectual Provisions in the Place thereof: And that Mr. Secretary at War, the Lord North, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Sir Grey Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Refohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways Refohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-3m leans. ing next> ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ai*d then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jevis, 21° die Januarii;

Anno 19* Georgii III*" Regis, 1779-Prayers.

*'°°re ~\, TR- Knightley reported from the Committee, to

nclosure. x whom the Bill to enlarge, explain, and amend, the Powers given in and by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, " Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other

" Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the " Manor, Parish, and Liberties of otherwise

" Flower, in the County of Northampton;" and for making the same more effectual, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made l'cveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts, passed for amending the Road from Gloucester to Stone, and the several Roads leading from Bristol, and likewise several other Roads in the respective Acts mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty was read: And,

Mr. John Wilkins Jepfon informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act: into Execution, so far as relates to the District of Road leading from the City of Gloucester to the Nine Mile Stone upon the Brifol Road, at or near a Place called. The Clay Pits, in the County of Gloucester, and borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which, with the Tolls collected, has been applied towards the Repair of the said Road; that the said Money (till remains due, and cannot be repaid; and the said District of Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some additional Powers granted.

And the Witness added, That the Whole of the Roads comprized in the said Act are upwards of Eighty Miles in Extent; and that if the said District of Road, from the City of Gloucester to the Nine Mile Stone upon the Brifol Road, was separated from the other Districts of Roads included in the said Act, and comprized in One Act of Parliament, it would be attended with leis Inconvenience, and prevent Confusion.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed for amending the Road from Gloucester to Stone, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Nine Mile Stone on the Brifol Road, at or near a Place called The C/ay Pits, in the County of Gloucester; and for granting other Powers for amending the said Road: And that Sir William Guise, Mr. and Mr. Bar-

row, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. George Onfow presented to the House, according to Ordjr, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the

Common

Gloucester to Stone Roads, a» far as the 9 MileStone.

Cobh cm

Inclosure.

to Geo. III. 2i a Januaru. 7

Common and Open Fields, within the Manor and Parish of Cobban, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First: Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a-Second Time.

Bwckten An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Burn Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of Berwick Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, in*

Kcad. tituled, " An Act for repairing the Road from the

" Turnpike Road at Buckton , in, the County of " Durham, through Berwick upon weed, to Lammerton " Hill; and also the several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the " Liberties of the said Town of read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road " at Buckton Burn, in the County of Durham, through

" Berwick upon Tweed, to Lammerton ;and also the' " several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the "kid County, and within the Liberties of the said Town - " of Berwick."

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Beijer’* Mr. Elwespresented to the House, according to

Kit’ Order, a Bill for naturalizing Theodoras Mar links Mifpelblom Beijer: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Accounts; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Linen Yarn. Account of the Quantity of Linen Yam imported into Great Britain from Ireland, since the Year 1770, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

Recruiting Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, active cording to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the land Force5, last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the

" more easy and better recruiting of His Majesty’s " Land Forces and Marines and for substituting other and more effectual Provisions in the Place thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir William Ctiuyughame reported from the Committee, Linlithgow

to whom the Bill for repairing the Highways and Hoads. Bridges, in the County of Linlithgow and Bathgate, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they hacf directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotied.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Lift 01' the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Officer* Forces and Marines entitled to receive Half Pay in fja|°npty. Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof *

for the Year 1770: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1779: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1779.

And the Titles of the said Lift and Estimates were read.

The said Lift is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session, and the said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s

Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1779.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th cember 1778 to 24th December 1779, inclusive -

For Allowances to Officers of the Reduced 'Horse -

For the Annual Allowances to Seven Private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of Horse Guards, at £.10 per Annum each - -

For 23 Private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at yd. per Diem each -

Total - -

Per Diem. For 365 Days.

£ d. £ d.

240 5 8 CO 0 00 *

— 17 2 3S 10

— 0 1 1

— «3 5 244 17 *

- - - £- - 88,331 II 3

War-Office,

21 ft January 1779.

C. Jenkinson,

Vol. 37.

68

2i° — 22° Januarii.

A. 1779.

ESTlMATEof the Charge of the Out Pen (loners -of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1779.

13/M9 Out Pensionet's Banding at present on the Rooks of the Hospital, at 5 d. per Diem each - - - - 203 Letter Men, at 12 d. per Diem each ---- 31 Serjeants at 9 d. per Diem each ----- Per Diem* For 363 Days.

£. s. d. 271 4 7 id 3 — t 3 £ * <1-98,998 12 11 3>7°4 15 — 424 6 3

*3>*53 Total - £. 282 10 10 1 103,127 14 2

War-Office,

21st January 1779.

C. Jenkinf?*

Ordered, That the said Lift and Estimites 'do lie upon the Table, to be pertifed by the Members of the House.

And theh the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

v eneris, 2 2* die Januarii;

Anno 190 Georgii lii,u Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

H EO DO RU S Martinis Mifpelhlom took

the Oaths appointed in order to his Naturalization.

Lanchester A. Petition of Thomas White, of Retford, in the inclosure. County of Nottingham, Esquire, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribfed, Owners of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and entitled in Right thereof to Allotments of certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act of the 13th of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of Lanchester, in the County of Durham, all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, within or under the said Moors or Commons, are reserved to the Bishop of Durham, Lord of the said Manor, and his Successors, with such Powers for winning, working, leading, and carrying away the fame, as therein are mentioned; and it was thereby enacted, that the Commissioners should set out and allot a Quantity, not exceeding 50c, nor less than 300 Acres, of the said Moors or Commons, in One entire Plot or Parcel, if it could be so let out conveniently, and if not, then ih as few and convenient plots or Parcels as might be, to the 'Justices of the Peace for the said County of and their Successors, for ever 5 and the same Was thereby declared to be within and Parcel of such Township, as the said Commissioners, or their Successors, should by their general Award direct, and should be of Freehold, or in the Nature of Freehold Tenure, and be held and enjoyed, and tire Rents and Profits thereof received

and taken accordingly, by the said Justices, and their Successors, for ever, discharged from the Payment of any Rent whatlqever, and from the Payment of all Tithes and other Ecclesiastical Rights and Duties; upon Trust; ndverthelels, to apply the Money arising by the Rents and Profits thereof in making Satisfaction to Persons Who should sustain Damage in their Allotments by the searching for* winning, or working, of the said Mines and Quarries therein, or the leading or carrying away of Coals, Lead, Minerals, Stones, or other Things to be gotten thereout, or out of any other Mines or Quarries belonging to the Billiop of and his

Successors j and it, after satisfying all such Damages and Charges, there should be any Overplus of the said. Rents and Profits, the same should be laid out in repairing the Highways, Causeways, and other Ways, which should be made upon or through the said Moors or Commons, in Manner directed by the said Act; and it was thereby further enacted, that the said Commissioners should cause the Allotment, which should be set out to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Durham, to be inclosed with fuIndent Out-fences, and to be subdivided into Fields or doles by Quick-let or other Hedges, or Fences, or Walls, in such Manner as to them should seem proper, and should also cause a convenient Farm-house, with Barn, Byer, Stable, Stack-yard, Fold-yard, and other necefiiny Buildings and Conveniences, to be erected upon Inch Part of the said Allotment as they should think lit; and that the Commissioners, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, have set out a Plot or Parcel of Ground, Part of the said Moors or Commons, containing 300 Acres, which they intend by their general Award to allot to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Durham, and have caused the same to be in Part ring-fenced, and certain Buildings to be erected thereon, but have not yet completed the fame, or made their general Award; and that the completing of the necessary Fences, Buildings, and other Conveniences, so as to make the said Plot or Pared of Ground fit for a Tenant, will be attended with a further very considerable Expence to the Owners and Proprietors ot Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, entitled to Allotments of the said Moors or Commons, and it is improbable that the said Plot or Parcel of Ground could be let as an ordinary Farm for such Nearly Rent as would more than pay the Interest of the Money which hath already been, and will be necessary to be* expended thereon; and that, at a Meeting of the Proprietors,

Brry

Road.

19 GhO. III.

prietors, and Agents for Proprietors of Allotments of the said Moors or Common1, held at ti e House of

Thomas Wilke, Inn-keeper \uLanchester,\n the County of Durham, i.n the lit of 1773, in purlh-

ance of Advertisements pubhlhcd in (he Newspapers, the Petitioner Thomas propnied

to purchase the said Allotment, and the Dweiling-hou'.e and other Elinas erected thereon, ujron the followng Terms and Conditions; that is to toy, to have the said Allotment and.Premises allotted, ganted, a:.d conhrmid, to h:m and his Heirs (or ever, in Fee Simple, infteaJ ot -being allotted and awarded to the said Justices, to pay. thereout a certain perpetual Fee-Farm Rent, or Pent-Charge of Thirty Pounds, to such Person as the Justices of tire Peace for theCoanty of Durham may.appoint, free f ern a!l Taxes and Deductions, payable on the Twelfth Day of A and the Twenty-leecr.d Day of November, Yearly; the First Payment to be made on the 12tie. Day ot 1780,

ar.d the usual Powers of Distrcis, bale, and Entry’, to be given for recovering it, and the Petitioner Thomas While to be at all the Expences of obtaining an Act of Parliament for varying the Provisions in the above-mentioned Ail concerning the said Allotment, and all other incidental Expences touching the fame, and a!so at tire Expence of building a Wall or other lutheient Fence round the Outs.de ot that Part of the said Allotment which is not already walled about, and the Proprietors to be at ro further Exper.ce in respect thereof; and that the Proprietors and Agents present at the said Meeting citd approve of the said Propofols, and gave their Alient thereto; and them upon the Petitioner Tho: a as White, and the said Proprietors and

Agents, did, by Writing under their Hands, mutually conlenc and ag ee, that the said Propolais and Afllnt should be carried into effectual Execution by such Means as should be adjudged moll proper; and that the Petitioners, the Owrie s of Me fit: ages, Lands, and Tenements, in Right whereof they are en it!ed to Allotments of the said Moors or Commons, are wed so-tisfied that the said Propofab, Con ent, and Agreement, will be beneficial to till the Persons interested in the Division and Inch.lure of the said Moors or Commons; and the Petitioner Thomas V kite, and the other Petitioners, ae deft runs that the said Proposals, Consent, *r.d Agreement, should be effectually carried into Execution: And therefore playing, That Leave may be given to bring in a B.il for carrying into Exe cution the said Proposals and Agreement; and for varying such Provisions made by the above-menti )ned Act of Parliament, as shall be deemed necessary for that Purpose, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to tire House:

And it is referred to S.r Thomas Mr. Byng,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Morning

next, at Nine of the Clock, in tire Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud fur Persons, Papers, and Records.

A

A Petition of the Trustees of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, inticuied, " An Act for repairing tire Road Irom a certain Place in " Bury, in tire County of through War-

" boys, Old Hurst, Saint Ives, 11 ill o>t,

" Gamlingay, and Potion, to a House called The Spread " Bagle, in Stratton, within the several Counties of " Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford?' was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by tire said Act, several Tolls and Powers were granted for repairing tire laid Road, which were to have Continuance, from the 15th Day of May, 1755, for the Term of Vol. 37.

69

Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that the said Trustees have taken up at Interest the Sum of 4,800 on the Credit of the said Act, which now remains due; and that tire said Sum, and also the Money collected by virtue of the said Act, have been duly applied according to the Directions thereof; and great Progress has been made, but it Iras not been possible eflltetuall^ ta repair the said Road, nor can the same be done, and tire Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term by the said Act granted be enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, and that the Petitioners may (if necessary) be heard by themselves and their Counted.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Hinchingbrook, Mr. Whitworth, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Reverend William Bowles, Canon Fefidentiary of the Church of Lord of the

Manor of MUjionand Erigmerfiin the County of Wilts, and Patron of the Rectory of the Parish of Mil ft on aforesaid, William Bozvlcs, Esquire, his only Son and Heir apparent, Owner of the Reversion ana Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of all the Lands within the said Manor (except One Acre) the Reverend -zcard Vo!hill. Rector of the Parish and Parish Church 01 Milftonaforesaid, and of several of the Leasehold

and Copyhold Tenants for Lives, of the said Manor, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, it being aerted between the said William Bowles the Elder, William Bowles the Younger, Edward Poll.ill, and several of the Lealehokl and Copyhold Tenants of the said Manor, to divide and allot certain Lands in the said Manor, by Refe rees appointed for that Purpose,' Articles of Agreement, dated the 25th of March 17.77, were executed by all the Parties interested in the said Lands (except Two of the Copyhold, and Two of the Lealehokl, Tenants of the said Manor); and that, after the Articles were executed, the Rcferrees therein named proceeded to divide and allot the said Lands amongst the Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests; and the said Rcferrees have compleated the Division and Allotment thereof according to the Terras of the said Articles, and have a'lo drawn up and executed an Award, or lufirument in Writing, describing the several Allotments, and specifying to whom the same were let out; and that all tire Parties.interested in the said Lands, and to whom the Allotments were made and awarded as aforesaid (except John Hayden, who is one of the Copyhoid Tenants of the said Manor, and whose Dilate is of the Yearly Vahrc of Sixteen Pounds,' or thereabouts) have accepted the fame, and caused their Allotment to be ploughed, and Town with Com and Grain; and that, after the said Lands were divided and allotted, and the Allotments accepted as aforesaid, the said John Hayden appeared to be dissatisfied with the Allotments awarded to him by the said Referrees, and hath refilled to accept the fame, alleging, that he is not compellable lb to do, as he never executed the said Articles of Agreement; and representing to the House, that the Division of the said Lands, so set out and awarded by the said Referrees, is of general Benefit to all the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein; and that if the said Articles of Agreement, and the Allotments, and Award, made in pursuance thereof, are qot confirmed and established, it will be

T very

1/2° Januarii.

Milfton,

&c.

Inciofum.

7°

22° Januarii.

A.

779'

very detrimental to the Petitioner?, and all others interested in the said Lands: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the said Award, and the Allotments made by the said Referrees, pursuant to the said Articles of Agreement, in such Manner as the House ihafl think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Herbert,

fee.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wanborrugh A Petition of Samuel Esquire, Lord of

Inclosure, the Manor of Wanborough, in the County of Wilts, the Reverend George Horne, Doctor in Divinity, President of the College of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the University of Oxford, and the Scholars of the said Col. lege, Ambrose Goddard, Esquire, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, will not admit of any considerable Improvement; but that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and separate Allotments thereof made to the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors thereof, according to their" respective Interests, the said Lands and Grounds might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddock and Sir James Tylney , do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Blakefley A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Jndoiuie. thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of or otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Wood end, in the Parish of Blakefley, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie inconveniently intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Knightley, and Mr. Poivys, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Croft Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to

Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, of Croft, in the County of LeiceHer: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.'

i8

An ingrafted Bill for the better Protection of the Whitstable Oyster Fiftiery, within the Manor and Royalty of Whit- _9>rnr Jlable, in the County of Kent, was read the Thiid ‘ ierjf' Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do past: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Protection of the Oyster Fiftiery, within the Manor and Royalty of Whitstable, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Stephens presented to the House. according to Mirine Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s *forcet'

Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Bunbury presented to the House, accord- Hartsmere, ing to Order, a Bdl for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the several Hundreds of Hartflnere, Ho.xne, and Thredlingin the County, of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- Rerruiting cond Reading of the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the t!‘p last: Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the n< °rcM " more ealy and better recruiting of His Majesty’s " Land Forces and Marines;" and for substituting other and more effectual Provisions in the Place thereof, be now read.

And the find Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itl’elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said §ill.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting Ludlow in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty- Roads, ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 8th Day of December last, Notices were given at the Quarter Sef-

fions of the Peace, holden for the Counties of,

Hereford, and Radnor, and by Advertisements in the Newspapers published within the same Counties in the Month of December last and the present Month of January, or One of them, of Application having been made to Parliament, for an Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said former Act, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills; and that the Road leading from the Turnpike Gate, erected in the Road from Ludlow to Little Hereford Bridge, in the Parish of Ashford to the

River Team, and from thence, through the Parishes of

Ashford Carbonell and Cainham, to the new Bridge over Ledwich, in the Parish of Cainham, and from thence to . the Turnpike Road on The Clee Hill leading from Ludlozv to C/eobury Mortimer, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Bitterley, and by Court, to a

Gate 00 The Clee Hill, called Bedlam Gate, and from the said Turnpike Road leading from to

low, through Stanton Lacy, to Lower Hayton, Great Sutton, Peeton, and Bowden, in the Parishes of Stanton Lacy, Diddlebury, and Holdgate, remains narrow and out of Repair; and that it will be advantageous, if,

in

ip Geo. III. 22° — 25

in the Renewal of the said Act, Provision be made for amending and repairing the said Roads: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for reviving and continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said former Act, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said other Hoads, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord , Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Regulating . Mr. Thomas Townshend presented to the House, ac*

Wiiihoaics. cording to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating Madhouses," lor a further Time therein to be limited: And the same was received; and read the Firtl Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supp'y- RefoPued, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and . Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Meaiw. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 25* 'Januarii;

Anno 19* Georgii III® Regis, 1779.

pRAYERt.

*cf*unt A/fR. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk oi this House had received the several Returns to the Orders of the House, of the 16th Day of December last, " That there be laid before this " House, an Account of Persons convicted of Felonies, *' or Misdemeanors, and now under Sentence of Imprisonment in the Gaols and Houses of Correction in the City of London, and the Counties of " /ex, F.ffex, Kent, Herts, Surrey, and Sussex, specify-

M ing their respective Crimes, the 11106 when, the " Term for-which, and by what Court, each Person " has been imprisoned; together with an Account of *' the Allowance made for the Maintenance of such ’ " Persons, and in what Manner they are employed

And alto,

That the said Order be sent to the Sheriffs of the '* said City and Counties; and that they do make a " Return to the same to the Clerk of this House, to be '* by him laid before this House;" and that the said Returns were now upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perufed by the Members of the House.

The laid Returns are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

fWe An ingrossed Bill to enlarge, explain, and amend, Inclosura. the Powers given in and by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for dividing " and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Com-- VOL. 37.

9 Januarii. 7

" mon Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the " Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Floore, otherwise " Flower, in the County of Northamptonand for making the same more effectual for tire Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That t-he Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge, explain, and amend, the Powers given in and by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for dividing and iridoling the Open and Common Fields, Common " Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Ccfmmonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Floore, otherwise r " in the County of Northamptonand for making the same more effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Knightley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways and Linlithgow Bridges, in the County of Linlithgow and > was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges, in the County of Linlithgoiv and Bathgate.

Ordered, That Sir William Cmynghado carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Sir 'fames Ibbetion, Baronet, and Wal- Afltwith ter Vavafour, Esquire, Lords of the Manor of Ajkwith, Inclosuw.

in the Parish of Weston, in the West Riding of the County of York, and divers other Freeholders within the said Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That within the Township and Manor of Afkzmth aforesaid, there are certain Parcels of Common and Waste Grounds, called Afkzvith Moor and Snowden Moor, containing about 2,000 Acres, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement; and that the ancient inclosed Lands within the said Township lie in small detached Parcels, and very inconveniently intermixed, and are in Part subject to the Payment of Tithes in Kind; and that it would tend to the Advantage of the Public in general, and to the Petitioners in particular, if the said Commons were inclosed and divided into specific Allotments, if such small old Inclosures of the Petitioners as lie inconveniently intermixed were exchanged, and if a Compensation was made in lieu of such Tithes as are payable in Kind within the said Township: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Waste Grounds, for exchanging such ancient Inclosures as lie inconveniently intermixed, and for exonerating the Lands and Grounds within the said Township from Payment of Tithes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Goodricke and Mr. Goodricke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Guise presented to the House, according Oloueefler to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty- Stone firstYear of the Reign of King George the Second, for as far°*s enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts passed 9 mile stone. for amending the Road from Gloucester to Stone, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, in the county of,

and for granting other Powers for amending the said Road: And the same wa9 received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition.

Piper’s Inn through Glastonbury Road.

Wybofton

Inclosure.

72 250 Januam:: ^.1779.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts made, one in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King Geo the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Pipers Inn, in the Parish of Ashcct, in the County of to and through Glaftoti, othervvue and Wells, to the Dir el!ion or White in the Great

Western Road to the City of anti also from Wells to Rujb Hill, leading to the City of and the

other, in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road leading from " Pipers Inn, in the Parish of in the County of

Somerset, to and through and Wells, to

" the White Pof:on the Great YYellern Road to tire " City of Bath, and fr mi Wells tp Rish Hill, leading " to the City of Bristol "and for repairing and widening several other Roads leading lrom the City of Wells; and also of several other Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed levera! large Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied, according to the Direction of the said Acts, and great Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads; but that the said Acts, and the Powers thereby given, are, in many Respects, defective, and the Toils in-sufficient for the Purposes intended; and that, unlds such Defects be amended, the Tolls increased, and the Terms and Powers of the Acts enlarged, the said Roads cannot be effectually lepaired and widened, nor the Money borrowed repaid; and that the Road leading from Pipers Inn aforesaid to Athchuy Bridge, in the said County of Somerset, is in a ruinous Condition, unlafe for Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired by the Laws in being; a.nd that it would be of great public Utility if the tame was properly repaired and widened; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the said Acts, for amending the Defects thereof, and increating the Tolls, and also for repairing and widening the said Road leading from to Athelney

B idge, in the said County of Somerset, in such Manner as to the House ih il seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coijsideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it (ha!L appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. TMr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Peri'ons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas W Esquire, Lord of the' Manor of Wybofton, in the Pari Hi of Eaton , >n the County of Bedford, and of several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Common Fields, Common Meadows,' and Common Grounds, in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dif-

ferfed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of mprovement; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interfiled therein, it the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, in Proportion to their respective Rights: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, and other Commonable Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet; 17

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: A.nd that the Lord Ongley and Mr. Hopkins do prepare, and bring in,

the lame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Henry Lord Paget, Baron of Beaudefert, in the County of Stafford, and the humble Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Burton upon Trent, in the said County of Stafford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented tc the House, and read; Sotting forth, That the Streets within the said Town and Borough are very ill-paved and ruinous, and the Railages thereof greatly obstructed by Nuisances and Annoyances, and the public Drains within the said Town and Borough pot capable of carrying off the great Quantities of Water that ought to pals through the lame, whereby they are very' often offensive, and injurious to the Health of the Inhabitants and that it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough, and to all Per-lons relbrting thereto, if the Streets were properly paved, repaired, cleansed, and lighted, and the said Nuifmccs and Annoyances removed, and prevented for the future, and the public Drains kept clean, and in gx>d Condition, which the Inhabitants are willing to be at the Expence of: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better and more effectually paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting. the said Streets, and for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, and cleansing and keeping in good Condition the said public Drains, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House Hull seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Page, the Lord Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s" Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Being Proprietors of L'ninclosed and Commonable Land, within the Manor ap.d Town-Ibip of Cropthcrn, in the Parish of C.ropthom, in the County of Worcester, was' presented to the Hou’e, and read; Setting forth, That the said Manor and Township contain several Open and Common Fields and other Commonable Land, belonging to the Petitioners, and others, which, ig their prcicjnt State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be much improved in Value by a Divifxan and Inclosure of the fame: And therefore praying,. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Foley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according tp Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty- fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from the West End of Upton Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Parish in the County of Gloucester, and to the Parish of Coin'dII, in the County of Hereford, and to the further Side of a Place called The Rid Green, in the Road to the City of cester, and through a Place called Robert's End , to Maher* Chace, in the said County of Worcester

And

Burro-ut on Titnt

bilT'ClS.

Cropthora

Incioiurc*

Upton

Brdge,

See.

Roads*

r

ip Geo. III. 25° Januarii, 73

.And the same was received; and read the Fird Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Stratford A Bill for more effectually repairing the Road lead-PRofdV°n 'n3 ^rom Stratford upon to in the County of Warwick-, and for repealing the several Laws now in Force relating to the said Road, was read a Second Tune.

Re/o/ved, That the Rill he committed to Sir Thomas Slipwith, Sir George Yo he.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

MaidenfiraJ A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Exe* ®r<lg* onion so much of an Act of Parliament, made 113 the

°* *" Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of several A els of Parliament, for rcpairing the Roads from to Read-

" ing, and trorn the said Btidge to Ilcn/ev Bridge, in the County of Berks," as relates to the First Dntrict of the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act; and also of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the said County of , whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and yead; Setting forth. That there is a Lane called Pitts or Sheppards Lane, of the length of 100 Yards, or thereabouts, leading from Cookham, in the said County of Berks, and several other Places, to the Market Place, in the Town of Maidenhead, and to the said Turnpike Road, which is very narrow, inconvenient, and dangerous, and cannot be made safe and commodious without taking away several fnrall Houses, or Tenements, Yards, and Gardens, adjoining thereto; and that there is also a Road, leading from Ray Mills, and Cookham aforesaid, along the Side of the River Thames, into the said Turnpike lload, which is very low, generally under Water the created Part of the Winter Sealon, and frequently impatfable; and that the widening and ret ailing the said Lane, and changing or altering the Course of the said Road, leading from Ray Mills and Cookham aforesaid, in a direct Line, from a Stone or Land Mark in Mead, acrois the South

Corner of lire said Mead, to a Field called and acrois the said Field through Parr of a i'mall Garden, inio the said Turnpike Road, near Maidenhead Turnpike Gate, would be cf great Benefit and Convenience to the Public, and a Means of increasing the Tolls granted by the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to biing in a Bill for effecting the several Puqv'les aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee*: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it llull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Goodricke,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

South Sir George Yonge presented to the IToufe, according to Hoads" Order, a Bill lor continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tilirty-second Year of the Reign of his hue Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the down of South Molton, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Stanton A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are underBanlon (hereunto lubscribed, Proprietors of, and Persons in-DC0Ur‘ (erected in, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township, Lordship or Liberty, of Stanton under Bar don, in the Parish of Thornton, io the . VOL. .37.

County of TAcester, on Bcha’f of them (elves and all the other Proprietors and Perkins interested therein, was presented to the House, and retd; Setting forth,

That it will be advantageous to the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, to have the same divided a id inclosed, and a specific Share thereof allotted to every of them, according to their relpeilive Propci tic-' and Interests therein, to be held in tweralty, for ever: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inc luting, the said Fields,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a dill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerjord, Sir John Palmer, and Mr. Darker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Tru flees for putting in Carlisle Execution an Act of Parliament made in the Twenty- "I"1 sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington, in (lie said County, was presented to the H.use, and read; Seeing forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution ot the said Act, with respect to such part of the said Ro.ul as lies between the Town of Cotkermouth, in the Lid County, and the said T wn of Workington, and have borrowed a coni;.h ruble Sum of Money on the Crc‘it thereof, which now it mains due; and that the Money bo rowed together with the Tolls collected upon the said -load between Cocker and Working-ton, have b cn applied towards the Repairs thereof, and the same hath been rendered safe and convenient; but the said Road cannot be kept in good Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Act, lb far as the same relates to the said Road between Cockermouth and Workington, be enlarged, and some Amendments and Alterations made in the said Act;

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to

bring in a Bill for enlarging and altering the Term

and Powers of the said Act, 10 far as the same relates

to the said Road between Cockermou and Workington,

in such Manner as the House Hull think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Mr. ther, Sec.: And they are to nie^t Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Jackson, Clerk, John Winter, Morland Thomas Fothergill, Thomas Brozvurigg, John Workman, hieiotuie.

Thomas Nelson, and John Kendall, Yeomen, and tire several Persons whole Names are thereunder written, being Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, clivers ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Manor or Lore! !h ip of in the Parish of Morland, in the County of Westmorland, and in respet thereof entitled to Right "of Common upon certain Commons, or Moors, and Waste Grounds, called Morland Moors, within the said Parish of Rlorland, was presented to the House, and read; Set* ting forth, That there are, within the said Manor or Lordship, certain Commons, or Moors, and Waste Grounds, called Morland Moors, containing hoc Acres, and upwards; and that the Petitioners, in respect of their Messuages, ancient includ'd Lands, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons, or Moors, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; but jf the kune were divided

U and

Cohham

inclosure.

Cosford

atui

Pollifd

Poor.

74. 25° Januarii. . 1779.

and inclosed, it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and all others entitled to Right of Common thereon: And therefore praying, That Leave tnay he given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons, or Moors, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir James Lowther, Sir Michael Le Fleming, and Mr. Low-

ther, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Op en Fields, within the Manor and Parish of Cob ham, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Refched, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Onfloiv, Sic.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers ot Lands, Houses, Tithes Impropriate, Propriations of Tithes, and saleable Underwoods, within the Hundred of Cosford, and in the Parish of Poljled, in the Hundred of , in

the County of Suffolk, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and all others chargeable with, and contributing to, the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor within the said Hundred, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor within the said Hundred and Parish have of late Years greatly increased, are now very numerous, and are maintained at a much greater Expence than formerly; and that the granting proper Powers for the better Regulation of the Poor withm the said Hundred, and providing a Place for their general Reception, will tend to the more elleftual Assistance and Relief of such as, by Age, Infirmities, or Diseases, are rendered incapable of Supporting themselves by their Labour, to the better Employment of the Able and lndustrious, to the Correction and Punishment of the Profligate and Idle, and to the Education of poor Children in Religion, and training them up in Inbuftry, and thereby the Poor, instead of being wholly supported by the Public, may contribute to the mutual Suppoit and Relief of each other, and become useful to the Community to w'hich they have hitherto been only a grievous Burthen; and that it hath been found by Experience, in many contiguous Hundreds in the said County, lately incorporated by Authority of Parliament, that the Poor may be much better provided for, and be maintained with lei’s Expence, by being brought together into One House, where they may be employed and regulated under the Care of proper Persons to be incorporated for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating the Owners and Occupiers of Laids, Houses, Tithes Impropriate, Propriations of Tithes, and saleable Underwoods, within the Lid Hundred of Cosford, and also the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Tithes Impropriate, Propriations of Tithes, and saleable Underwoods, within the Parish of,

adjoining to the said Hundred of with such

Provisions, Authorities, and Powers therein, for the better maintaining, relieving, and governing, the Poor within the said Hundred and Parish, as to the H rule shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the 1 lou'e:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Banbury, Mr. Gilbert, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for naturalizing Theodoras Martinus Beijer, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Dodd, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Trustees whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterjleldto the Turnpike Road " at HernfioneLane Plead-, and also the Road branch-

" ing from the said Road upon the East Moor, through " Bafoza and Wardloz v,to the joining of the said " Roads again near WardloivMires; and also the Road " leading between the Laid Road and Btanch, from " Calver Bridge to Baflozv Bridge; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road near Nevahaveu House to " the Turnpike Road near Grind'eford Bridge, in the " County of Derby and also of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, and other Inhabitants, whose Names are also thereunto subscribed, living near the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have made great Progress in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed at different Times the Sum of io, occ, upon the Credit of the l olls, some Parts whereof have been repaid, but the Sum of £.8,400, or thereabouts, full remains due; end the Trustees find, that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, nor the Money owing repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act, which is near expiring, be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave tray be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said Act, and for enlarging the Powers and Term thereby granted.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it Until appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendi/k. Sir Thomas Skipzaith, See.: And they are to meet To-mor-

row Morning, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time.

Re/blveJ, That the Bill be committed.

Rifolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Cliefer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for the several Roads leading from the City of under and by virtue of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the " Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament; one " passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the " Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the " Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King " George the First, for repairing the Road from the " City of Gloucesterto Stone, and other Roads therein

" mentioned, and for making the said Act more effectual; and the other passed in the Twenty-second " Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing Two Acts of Parliament, the " one pallid in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of hits " late Majesty King George the First, for amending the " several Roads-leading from the City of Brl/lol; and-

" the

Beijer

Nat.

Chesterfieu!,

&c.

Road.

Marine Forces.

Rriftol

Roads.

r

!9 Geo. III.

2 50 — 26° Januarii.

75

Grafton

FMord

ludofure.

u the other passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of " his' present Majesty, to explain and amend the same " Adf, and for making the said Acts more effectual; " and also for repairing other Roach therein mentioned, and for making all the said Acts more " effectual, and for repairing, widening, and keeping " in Repair, several other Roads," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th ot April 1774, relative to Turnpike B;lls, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had dire died him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act: of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty was read: And,

Mr. JeremiahOfborne being examined, said, That the said Acts have been continued to be put in Execution; for which Purpose considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, which cannot be repaid, unless the teim of the said Act be further continued, and further Powers granted.

The Witness produced to your Committee the State of the Debt; by which it appeared, that there is due upon the Mortgages of the Tolis, the Sum of

27,250. ©

Then an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing (cveral Roads leading to the " Town of Bridgewater, in the county of;

" and for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts for amending several Roads from the Cities 4* of Gloiicester and Bristol, and levera! other Roads in

the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Somerset " and G/oueefier,"was alto read: And,

Mr. O/borne being again examined, laid, That it

would be very convenient to have certain Clauses in the said Act, so far as they relate to the Bristol Roads, amended, and the said Roads put under the Management of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Thirty-first of King George the Second, or l'ome other Act.

And he further said, That it would be of great Advantage, if a new- Road was laid open from the Turnpike Gate near Stokes Croft, on the Road leading from the City of Bristol, called The Horfield Road, to the Turnpike Gate near the Blackbirds, on the Stapleton and Margot f eld Common Road; and that it would be convenient to have all the said Acts reduced into One.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the Acts, passed in the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Years ot King George the Second for amending several Roads leading from the City 01 Bristol, and for granting other Powers for that Purpose; and for making and maintaining a new Road from the Turnpike Gate near Stokes Croft, in the Horfield Road, to the Turnpike Gate near the Blackbirds, on the Stapleton Road, near the said City: And that Mr. Chfier and Sir William Guise do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable George William Earl of Coventry, Lord of the Manor of in the Parish of Grafton Fly ford, in the County of Worcester, and Owner ot a great Part of the Uninelofed and Commonable Land within the said Manor and Parillt, and the humble Petition of the Reverend George Cornwall, Clerk, Iledor of the said Par.fh, and of the I evera 1 other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of ether Part of the said i-and, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Manor and Parish contain several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable ’ Vox.. 37.

Land, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be much increased in Value by a Division and Inclosure of the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Lygon and Mr. Foley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Order nude upon' Call of Tuesday last, for adjourning the Call of the House till the House. that Day Fortnight, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Thursday Fortnight, the 1 ith Day of February next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Recruiting a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to re- ,l’e peal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, 3 orc,s' intituled, "An Act for the more easy and better recruiting of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines;" and for substituting other and more effectual Provisions in the Place thereof.

Mr. Speaker ltft the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and nude several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Hou'e will plcale to receive the same

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Mornins

o'

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon We chief Jay Morning next, refulve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supp'y.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday \xw% Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and Mean*, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 6° die Januarii;

Anno 190 Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

MR. Page reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Joseph Rann, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Trinity, in the City of Coventry \ and a»so the Petition of Joseph Rann, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Trinity, in the City of Coventry, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Houses and other Tenements in the said Parish, were severally rcfcired; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the fad Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To

St. Trinity (Coventry

Titlx

feury

Road.

2 6° Januariu

4- 1779*

Tb prove ike Allegations of the said Petitions, a Statute, made in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled* " An Acte " for the Paiment of Tithes in the Cilie of Covent rye" was read; whereby it appeared, that the Right of Par tronage of the Benefice or Vicarage of the Parish Church of Saint ‘Trinity, in the City of Coventry, is vetted in the King’s Majesty, in Right of His Crown: And

Mr. John Farr being examined, said, That the Tithes and Profits of the said Vicarage do principally (land and depend upon the said Statute; and that the Rates and Assessments made under or by virtue of the said Statute have, in Process of Time, been much impaired and diminithed, and have become not only arbitrary and unequal, but also inefficient for the competent Maintenance and Support of a Minister; by which Means many Suits and Differences have arilen about the Payment and Proportion of the said Tithes, to the great Prejudice and Impoverifiiment of the contending Parties. — That the said Vicar, and the other Parties who have signed the last mentioned Petition, in older to avoid all future Disputes and Controversies relative to the said Tithes, have mutually stipulated and agreed, that a Pound Rate shall be laid upon the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Houses, and other Tenements, Within the said Parish, and paid to the Vicar for the 'I’ime being, instead of the Payments directed by the said Statute (such Rate to commence and be paid from Easter 1773) to be in lieu and perpetual Discharge of all Tithes and Ecclesiastical Dues and Demands whatsoever, payable to the Vicar of the said Parish, Surplice Fees and Private Donations excepted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

o# O

the better providing of a Maintenance for the Vicar of the Parish of the Trinity, in the City of And

fhat Mr. Page and Sir Roger Newdigate do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from a certain Place in Bury, in the County of Huntingdon,

" through Warboys. Old HurjSaint Ives, Hilton, Eltijley. If‘are/ley, Gamlingay, and Potion, to a House,

" called The Spread Eagle, in Stratton, within the several " Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Adrian Johnfonbeing examined, said, That the Trullees have made a Progress in amending the said Road; in the doing of which the Tolls have been duly applied, together with a very considerable Sum, which was borrowed on the Credit of them. — That the Amendment of the said Road cannot be completed, the Debt be paid off, or the Hoad kept in Repair, un-ld's the Term of the said Act, which is near expiring, be continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from a certain Place in " Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, through War boys.

Old Hurst, Saint Ives, Hilton, Ellijley, Warefey,

" ling ay, and Potion, to a House, calied The Spread " Eagle, in Stratton, within the several Counties of

Huntingdon, Cambridge, and BedfordAnd that the Lord Hinchingbrook and the Earl do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made levelal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, wht.i the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord

Craven, and also the humble Petition of the honourable Mary Leigh, Committees of the Person and lit ate of the Right honourable Edward Lord Leigh, a Lunatic, was preienied to the Ilouie, and read; Setting forth. That a Petition has been nndented, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Potveis of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of King the

Second, for repairing and widening the Road born the Town of Market liar borough, in the County of ’ Let after, through the Town of Lutterworth, in the tai^CourUv, to the City of Coventry, and that the Trustees appointed for putting the said Act in execution have, f r the Accommodation of the Public, been under a 7-eceffity of changing the Course of the said Road, and carrying the same across a Close, called Close, in the

Parish of Brinklczv, the Properly of the aid Edward

Lord Leigh, whereby a final! Part of the said Close* containing One Acre One Rood and Twenty-eight Perches, is fc; mated liom his other Lands, and is become of little Value to the OccupLr thereof; and that the Petitioner, IIIilium Lord Craven, hath agreed to give a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground, of equal Value, containing One Acre Three Roods and Twenty-four Perches (Part of a Field, called Field, within the Liberties of Combe Abbey, the property of the said Lord C> avt:iy and adjoining to other Lands belonging to the said Lord Leigh) in Exchange lor the said Piece of Ground lb separated as atcrctaid from the said IVccd* hill Close; and that the said Exchange would be lor the Convenience of the said Road, rs well as for the Benefit of the said Lord Leigh, but (by real bn of Ins Lunacy) the same cannot be established without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for eih.blishing and confirming the said Agreement, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be . jferred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, reading in the Counties of Leicester and Warueicky whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees in a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-eighth \ear of the Reign of his late MaieRy King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road from the Town of Alarkei Hur boroughs in the County of Leicester, through the Town of Lut* " tenvorthy in the said County, to the City of Coven* " /ry," and several other Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in the said Counties, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Pebtion; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Vleadovvs, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds of Zrofty in the County of Leicester, was read a Second rime.

Resolvea,

Marine Forces.

Market

Harborough

Road.

Croft

Leisure.

Dunfley

and

Hiffcott

Inclosure.

Taplow

Inclosure#

THirfk,

&c.

Road.

19 Geo. III. 2 6° Januar77

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hun-

gerjord, Mr. Townshend, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Hodgetts, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Kinver, otherwise , in the County of

Stafford, and also impropriator of the Great and Small Tithes of that Part of the Parish of Kinver aforesaid, wherein the Commons and Waste Lands hereafter mentioned, and the several Lands entitled to a Right of Common thereon, do lie; and also of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the same Manor, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the same Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting fort I', That there are, within the said Manor, certain Commons and Waste Lands, called Dunfley and,

containing, by Estimation 700 Acres, or thereabouts, upon which the Petitioners and the rest of the said Proprietors have Right of Common, in respect of their Estates within the Liberties of Dunfley and Haffcott; and that the said Commons and Waste Lands, in their present Situation, yield very little Profit to the Petitioners and the rest of the Proprietors aforesaid, and, in their present State, are incapable ol any considerable Improvement; but, if the tame were divided, inclosed, and allotted amongst the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested, according to their respective Interests, the said Commons and Waste Lands would be profitable to them, and might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That leave may jo given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Commons and Waste Lands, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House (bail seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to toe Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. St. John, Sir William Bagot, and Sir John Wrottesley, do prepaie, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Morough Earl of Inchiquin, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Lord of the Manor of Taplow, in the Parish of 7 in the County of Bucks, the Honourable and Reverend George Hamilton, Red or of the said Parish, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscrii ed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Parish, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,' That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, and also several Commons or Waste Grounds, which, in their present Srate, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Salt, the Earl Verney, and Mr. Burke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Herbert Mackworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for executing an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge, through , to

" Baldersby Gate, adjoining to , in the Way

" to Ripon, and through Quernhow, and

VOL.37.

" Noflerfield, by Well Flafnes Gate, to , in the County of York-, and likewise for removing the Tollhouse and Turnpike Gates at Busby Stobb, in the said

"County, to feme other convenient Place in the Road " leading from Boroughbridge to the City of Durham," whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Morton, being examined, said, That a considerable Progress has been made in amending the said Road — That there is now owing 011 the Credit of the Act, £. 1,800, of which £.600 is charged on the Tolls collected on the First Division of Road comprised in the said Act, called The T , and £. 1,200 on the Masham District — That the Debt on the District was formerly £ 1,200, but that it had been reduced, at different Times, to the Sum of £.600 — That although the Money borrowed on- the Masham District was taken up at £. 4 per Cent, the Creditors have only been paid £. 2 per Cent, so that there is an Arrear of Interest for above Eleven Years due to them, amounting to about £ 528 — That the Average Produce of the Tolls on the Tliirjk District, being about £. 140 per Annum, and the Disbursements, including Interest of the Money due on the Credit thereof, about £. 78, there is an Annual Surplus of about £.62 — That in the Masham District, upon the like Average of Receipts and Disbursements, there is an Annual Deficiency of about £ z$i and that the Length of Road in that District is 10 Miles, and the District contains only 7 — That if the Surplus arising in the District were to be applied to the Purposes of the other, it would enable the Trustees effectually to amend and keep in Repair the Road therein comprised, and defray all Expences attendant thereon. And he concluded with laying. That it would be advantageous to both Districts, if the whole Roads were completely amended; but that the same cannot be done, and be kept in Repair for the future, and the Money borrowed be paid off, unless the Term of the said Act, which is near expiring, be continued, and the Powers are altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act, for repairing " and widening the Road from Thirsk, over Skipton " Bridge, through Baldersby, to Baldersby Gate, adjoining " to Hutton Moor, in the Way to Ripon, and through " Ainderby, Quernhow, and Noflerfield, by Well Flashes " Gate, to Masham, in the county of ; and likewise for’removing the Toll-house and Turnpike " Gates at Busby Stobb, in the said County, to some " other convenient Place in the Road leading from " Boroughbridge to the City of Durham And that Sir Herbert Mackworth and Sir Thomas Frankland do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rice reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several " Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County of Carmart hen-, and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County of Carmarthen," so far as relates to the Roads included in the Kidwelly District, and

X ' of

Kidwelly,

See.

Roads*

V

Ludlowfach,

itc.

Read.

78 26* Januarii. A. 1779.

of the several Creditors of the said Kidwelly District Trull, who have advanced Money on the Security of the Tolls arising from the Toll-gates in the said Dif-tritSl; and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, residing in and near to the said Hoads, whose Names are thereunto fubforibed, on be halt of themselves and others residing in, near, or usually travelling over, the said Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774* relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had dirtfted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Admiral William Lloyd, being examined, said, That the Trustees of the said Kidwelly District have proceeded in the Execution of the Ad, and have borrowed the Sum of £.3,345, which has been applied for the Purposes

thereof — That the Whole of the Money borroweehnow remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, and the Powers altered and enlarged. And the Wit nets further said, That the Road leading froixp Penfarn, in the Parish of,

<0 the Turnpike Road on L Forest; and aJlo the

Road leading from Llwyndaviltin the Parish of

Llangendeirne, over Pont Autu and Pon , to join the Turnpike Road leading from Kidwelly to a certain Place near the Town of Llanelly; and also the Road leading from Troed yr vron h'tr, over the Great Mountain, to join the Turnpike Road from , near a

certain Place called MyniddFerrws; and also the ltoad from Waiter Rees Thomas’s House, on the Great Mountain, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Llandebye to the said Great Mountain, at Charles’s House;

and also the Road from Walter Rees Thomas’s House to Nanty bu Rivulet, near a House, called Tir in the Parish of Llandebye-, and also a Road leading from Llandavan Barn, in the Parish of Llanelly, to the Ford or Ferry leading to Laugher-, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be repaired by the present Methods provided by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen; and also several Roads leading from Uandilo, in the said County, so far as relates to the Roads included in the Kidwelly Did rift; and also for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County: And that Mr. Rice, Mr. Adams, and Sir Herbert Mackworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Adams reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Inhabitants and others, of the Hundred of , in

the County of Carmarthen, was referred; ThaL the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Order;? of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Admiral William Lloyd, being examined, said, That the High Road leading from Cledvulch, in the Parish of Ldandilo-fawr, to and through Rhydyfaifonford, and through

ilie Town of Liangadock, by and Beane, and

Gwtherigford, to the Town of and from

thence to Ludlowjach, in the Parish of to join the Turnpike Road leading to Built in the County of Brecon, at the Confines of the Counties of Carmarthen and Brecon-, and also the Road tiom marlejsTurnpike Gate, to 'and through the d own of Llaugaclock, over CoedsrArlwydd, by and

Giviiife Chapel, over the Black Mountain, by Cwml/wyJ, and by Geliy Vcinon and Er/ y to ti.e River

Amman, at the Coniines of the Counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan-, and also the Road leading from the

o t t c?

Turnpike Road at GUmareth, in the said County, by Llwynymendyycluj and Gam weunder the North Side

ot Garuvotgam, by Goad Shone lloule, to join the Road at PontarlU’ihemdl, and lioni Liwyn y mondy LhStaff, to the River Haiuthvv; arc very narrow am! ruinous, and in the Winter Season impailable for Wheel Carriages; which cannot be repaired by the ordinary Methods pie-(bribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Jloads leading from Ludloivfach, in the County of

to the Town of Llandovery, and from thence through the Town of Llaugadock, to the hiver Amman, and several other Roads in the said County, communicating the rewith: And that Mr. Adams, Sir Herbert Mack-worth, and Mr. Rice, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Elton, in the County of H, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners and others in the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Ljnds, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Newhaven and the Earl Ludlow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill (o explain and amend the Laws now in being relating to Sewers: And that Mr. Pownall, Mr. Philips, Mr. Kr.ight, Mr. Milles, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Benyon, Mr. coyne, Mr. Strutt, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Colonel Hay, Mr. Powys, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr.

Mr. Poulett, Mr. Combe, Mr. Mr. James

Grenville, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Lord Brown-

low Bertie, Mr. Pelham, Mr. , Sir Wray, Sir Herbert Mackworth, Mr. M, Sir Edward AJlley, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Coke, Sir Harbo Sir Gerrard Van Neck, Sir Richard Sutton, the Marquis of Granby, Sir Thomas Skipwith, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith to Emonl Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cum and whereby certain Tolls and Powers, were granted for

repairing

ip Geo. III.

repairing and amending the said Roads, which Act was to continue from the xft Day of 1753, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that the said Act was, by erecting an Engine proper fur the weighing of Carts, Waggons, and Carriages, conveying of Goods and Merchandize, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, further continued for the Term of Five Y'ears; and that the Tru(Ices, appointed to put the said first-mentioned Act in execution, have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which (till remain due; and that the said Money, t get her with the lolls, have been applied towards repairing the said Roads, and great Progrcfe hath been made therein; but the same cannot be completed, and kept in diffident Repair for the future, nor the Money borrowed, with the Interest thereof, be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said firlf-mentioned Act: are enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging tire Term and Powers of the said firtt-mentioned Act, in such Manner as to the House shall lecm meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fletcher, Sir Low-

ther, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Reads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, through the Towns of sage, Hope, and Cafileton, to Sparrow-pit Gate, in the County of Derby, and from the Guide Post near Barber's Fields Cupola, through Grindleford Bridge, Great -low,’Tidswell, Hardgate Wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the County of Derby, several Tolls and Powers were granted for repairing and widening the said Roads; and that the Trustees, appointed by virtue of the said Act, have made great Progress in the F.xecution thereof, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, but find that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, nor the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act (which is near expiring) be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That I./eave may be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the Term granted by the said Act, and for altering and enlarging the Powers thereof, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Mr.

Townfitend, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Francis Bajfet, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Evenly, otherwise Bury Manor, in the County of Northampton, the Prelklent, Fellows, and Scholars, of the College of Saint Mary Magdalen, Impro-

priators of the Impropriate Rectory of the Parish of Evenly aforesaid, John Finden, Clerk, Vicar of the

VOL. 37.

laid Pa-rifli, and Jeremiah Bent ham, Esquire, and Sarah his Wile, and also of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and other Owners and Proprietors of Common Lands and Grounds, lying and being in the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Places, within the Parish and Liberties of Evenly aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Parish, and Liberties, One large Open Common Field, called Evenly Field, and divers Commonable Lands adjoining thereto, containing together . Thirteen hundred Acres, or thereabouts, and that the Petitioners, with others, are Owners and Proprietors of the said Common Field, and all the Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish and Liberties of Evenly aforesaid, and are entitled to, and do enjoy.

Common of Pafiure for their Cattle upon the said Common Field and Commonable Lands, at Hated Times in the Year, by a determinate Stint; and that the said Lands and Grounds are inconveniently fifuated, in re-lpeft: of the Houses of the Petitioners, and others, the Proprietors thereof, lying within the Parish and Liberties aforesaid, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, nor can frequent Trespasses and Disputes between the Petitioners and other the Land Owners within the Parish and Liberties aforesaid, and their Tenants, be prevented; and that the Petitioners, and other the Land Owners within the Parish and Liberties aforesaid, are desirous that the said Lands and Grounds may be divided and inclosed, and that specific Shares thereof may be allotted to them, in proportion to their respective Interests, which would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and other t he Land Owners aforesaid, and be a great Improvement of their respective Properties: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common -

Field, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Evenly aforesaid, or such other Relief irrthe Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr Knightley and Mr. Powys, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to continue an Act, made in the Fourteenth Regulating Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Madhoufw. " An Act for regulating Madhoul'es," for a further Time therein to be limited, W3S read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the Ninth Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Directors of the F.fi India Company do lay before this House, an Account of their Proceedings, subsequent to those already delivered to the House, relative to the violent Imprisonment of the Governor Lord Pigot, and the Commotions in the Settlement of Madras, on the 24th of August 1776; with Copies of all Papers they may have received from India relative to that Subject.

East India Affaire; Lord Pigot.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Recruiting Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to t‘,e repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, Lanii Forces intituled, "An Act for the more ealy and better recruiting of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines;" and for substituting other and more effectual Provisions in the Place thereof, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

the

ThcChaplain to preach on the 30th Jan.

Dr. Stinton to preach on the Day of

General Fall.

Accounts; CettonWool.

IDitto.

Mayfey-

hampton

Inclosure.

260 — 27° Januarii. . 1779.

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read through-hout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to the Qualifications of Commissioners in.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Suspension of the Act shall not affect the Bounty to Volunteers.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent Frauds in granting Discharges to Persons inlisted.

-And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Forms of Warrants; with a Schedule.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's,

upon Saturday next, the 30th Day of this Instant January.

closing and dividing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, amongst the Proprietors thereof, and Persons inter-efted therein, under such Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Guise and Mr. Chester do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of his Grace the Duke of Leeds, Lord of the Manor of South Anfton, in the County of York, and Impropriator of the Great and Small Tithes of the Parish of South Anfton aforesaid, and the humble Petition of the Rector of Saint Leonard's in Dinington, in the said County of York, and of several Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open Arable Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Township of South Anfton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands belonging to the respective Proprietors in the Open Fields, in the said Township of South Anfton, lie intermixed, and dif-perfect in small Parcels, and are, at present, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if Power was given to allot or divide and inclose the Open Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, within the said Township, the same would tend to the Benefit and Advantage of all Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a lUll for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Dunning do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

South tji Anfton \i, Indofutc.

.si

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Stinton, Chancellor of the Church of Lincoln, be desired to preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster, upon Wednesday the 10th Day of February next, being the Day appointed by His Majesty’s Royal Proclamation for a General Fast: And that the Lord North, Mr. Charles Townftiend, and Mr. Graves, do acquaint him

therewith.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Cotton Wool, imported Annually into Great Britain, from Christmas 1767 to Christmas 1777; distinguishing the Foreign from what was the Growth of the British Colonies, and specifying the respective Quantities in each Year from the several Colonies and Countries.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Cotton Wool, exported Annually from Great Britain, from Christmas 1767 to Christmas 1777; distinguishing the Foreign from what was the Growth of the British Plantations, with the Amount of the Duties paid in each Year.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of, and Persons interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of May-fey hampt on, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and large Quantities of Commonable Land, in the said Parish, belonging to the Petitioners and others, , which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be very much improved by an Inclosure thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave nuy be given to bring in a Bill for in-

Mercuriiy 270 die 'Januarii;

Anno 190 Georgii IIP'* Regis, 1779.

Prayers,

A PETIT I ON of the Right honourable Thomas Mildenhall Bruce, Earl of Ailesbury, Lord of the Manor of Inclosure, Mildenhall, in the County of Wilts, and the humble Petition of the Reverend Richard Pocccke, Clerk, Rector of the Parish of Mildenhall, and also Patron of the said Rectory, Thomas Calcraft, Esquire, Major General of His Majesty’s Forces, William Pearce, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of the Common or Open Fields, and Waste Lands, within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Articles of Agreement bearing Date the 24th Day of June 1776, the Petitioners, agreed to divide and inclose all the Common or Open Fields and Waste Lands within the said Manor and Parish, upon certain Conditions, and also to make several Exchanges therein mentioned; and that John Pococke, William Gale, and Daniel Tanner, being the Commissioners or Arbitrators appointed by the said Articles, have made their Award in Writing, dated the 10th of September 1776, and thereby set out the several convenient Roads and Ways, and made the Allotments, Exchanges, Rules, and Orders, in the said Award mentioned; and that the Petitioners are well satisfied with the Allotments and Exchanges lo made, and have entered upon the Lands lo respectively exchanged, set out, and allotted to them, and inclosed great Part thereof, and their Estates are greatly improved

Bu7

Road.

Supplying Leeds with Coals.

Ditto.

ip Geo. III. 'll* Januaritr

proved thereby; and the Petitioners are desirous to have the said Division, Inclosure, and Exchanges, con- _ firmed and established: And therefore praying, That’ Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the said Division, Inclosure, and Exchanges, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddock apd Mr. Goddard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Hinchingbrook presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road " from a certain Place in Bury, in the County of " lingdon, through Warboys, Old Hurfi Saint Ives,

" ton, Eltijley, JVaresley, Gam and Potion, to a

" House called The Spread Eagle, in , within

" the several Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and " Bedford:" And the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for rendering more beneficial an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing Agreements,

" made between Charles Brandling, Esquire, and other " Persons, Proprietors of Lands, for laying down a " Waggon Way, in order for the better supplying the " Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of " York, with Coals," by enabling the said Charles Brand-

ling to supply. Annually, a larger Quantity of Coals to and for the Use of the said Town and Neighbourhood, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Sir Thomas Clavering, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Charles Brandling, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Middleton, in the County of York, and of the Mayor, and several other Inhabitants of the Borough of Leeds, in the said County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the said Bill; and representing to the House, That, if the Prices of leading Coals from the Repository of Coals, fixed by the said Bill, at Cajfon Close, in the Town of Leeds, in the said Borough, were properly regulated and ascertained, the good Purposes intended by the said Bill would be more effectually answered, and rendered of greater Benefit to the Town and Neighbourhood of; and that, as the Bill now stands, the Coals are required to be delivered at the Repository for Coals at Close;

but, if Provision was made for impowering the said Charles Brandling to deliver i,oco Dozens of Corves of Coals (Part of the 40,000 Dozens mentioned in the said Bill) Quarterly, at any Place or Places within the said Borough of Leeds, short of the said Repository at Capon Close, it would be of great Convenience and Advantage to many of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Neighbourhood: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to., the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and, report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Mr. Dodd, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

VOL. 37.

thereunto Tubscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and jead; Setting, forth, That there are, within, the Phillies and Liberties of Biertont and Hulcot, in the County of Bucks, ie-veral Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Wafto Lands, and Commonable Places, belonging to the Petitioners and others, wherein the different Properties lio dispersed, and so intermixed, that, in their present Situation, they are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Proprietors, and Persons interested in the said Fields; Meadows, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, in proportion to, and in lieu of, their several Properties therein: And therefore praying, That L.eave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and, allotting, the said Open Fields, Meadows, Waste Lands, and Commonable Pla* ces, and for other Purposes as shall be therein mentioned, and under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-iuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mf.

Grenville, Mr. James Grenville, and Mr. Aubrey, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, under the Common Seal of the said Church of Scotland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, an Act was patted for. railing and establishing a Fund, for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Miniftefs of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Matters, of the Universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow,' and;

and that, in the Twenty-second Year of his laid late Majesty King George the Second, an Act was patted for explaining and amending the said former Act; and that the Fund, established by the Two Acts above mentioned, for the Provision to the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of thelTeads, Principals, and Matters, of the Universities, has hitherto been of great Benefit and public Utility; but the Fund, however sufficient in,.itself, cannot continue to answer its benevolent Intention, by reason of the increasing Number of Annuitants, unless the Capital, limited by the said Acts to £.80,000, be permitted to rife to £ 100,000; and that the Loans, granted to Contributors pursuant to the present Statutes, have proved prejudicial to their Widows and Children; and Thirty-four Years Experience hath suggested some Improvements, which will render the Scheme more perfect and beneficial, but which cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for increasing the Capital abovementioned to the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, for discontinuing the Loans granted to Contributors, and making some other beneficial Alterations respecting the Scheme, and for repealing the above-mentioned Acts.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: i

And it is referred to, Mr. Duudas, Mr. Attorney General, See: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. .' ' -

A Petition of the Reverend Doctor James on behalf of the Trustees for, managing the Fund established by Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for establishing ’S Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers

Y of

Bierton

and

Huifcot

Inclosure.

K

Scotch

Clergy’s

Widows.

J

Ditto.

8* 27* Janua. 1779*

of the Church of Scotland, w preferred to the House, and read J Containing the tame Allegations and Prayer as the last preceding Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last (receding Petition is referred; And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it Qiall appear to them, to the House.

lugbrooke Mr. Knight ley reported from the Committee, to

Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the 0|>cn and

Common 'Fields, Common Pasture-, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Bugbrooke, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the tame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sat inaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Five Yard Lands and a Quarter, who refuted to sign the Bill; and that the W hole of the £ands intended to be inclosed conlifts of 50 Y ard Lands and One Eighth; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to opjiofe the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be tngrossed.

ChesterfeM, Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, 1° whom the Petition of the several Trustees whose 0 ’ Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the lload from Chesterfield to the Turnpike Road at Hernstone La; and also the Road " branching from the said Road, upon the Eafi,

" through Bajlow and IVsrdlow, to the joining of the " said Roads again near Wardloxv Mires; and also the " Road leading between the said Road and Branch,

from Culver Bridge to; and also the

" Road from the Turnpike Road near to the Turnpike Road near Grindleford Bridge, m " the County of Derby and allb of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, and other Inhabitants, whose Names are also thereunto subscribed, living near the said Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the feme was read; and as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Mander, being examined, laid. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have made a considerable Progress in repairing the fiud Road; in doing which, the Tolls, and H large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied; that £. 8,400 now remains due; that the said Debt cannot be paid off, or the Road ao

effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term anti Powers of an Act, made in the Th.'rty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield to the " Turnpike Road at Hernstone Lane Head; and allb the " Road branching from the said Road, upon the Eafi '* Moor, through Bafloxvand to the joining

" of the said Roads again near Wardloxv Mires-, anil " allb the Road leading between the said Road and " Branch, f om Culver Bridge to Bridgeand " allb the Road from the Turnpike Road near " haven House to the Turnpike Road near Grindleford

" Bridge, in the County of And that lbord

George Cavendish, Mr. C:/rzo:i, anil Lord Richard Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the ame.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunder subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, 1*' the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bill-, had been complied with; and that the Committee had exan.i ed the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, a it appeared to th.m, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; ami afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, to Sparroivp't Gate, in the County of Derby; and from the Guide Post, near Fields Cupola, to

Buxton, in the County of Derby, was read: And,

Mr. A tichahHall, being examined, laid, That the

Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Act, have made great Progress in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a contidera>ble Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied, according to the Intent of the said Act; which Money cannot be repaid, n »r the Roads kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act, which is near expiring, be further continued, and the Powers thereof are altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to b.ing in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act. made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reiga of Iks late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act £>r repairing and widening the P-oals from Sheffield,

" in the County of York, through the ’Fawns of Hui/urJage, Hope, and Castle ton, to Spa'row pit Gate, in the " County of Derby -, and from the Guide Post, near " BarbersFields Cupola, through Bridge,

" Great Hucklovo, Tidswell, HarJgr.te and

" field, to Buxton, in the County of Derby:" And that

Lord George Cavendish, Mr. and Lord Richard

Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir James Loivther reported from the Committee, to H whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " widening and repairing the High Road, leading from " Heron Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster " and Westmoreland, to the Town of Kirk by in Kendal,

" and from the said Town of Kirkby Kendal, through " the Town of Shafip, to Emont Bridge, in the said " County of Westmore land," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the ,th of April 1774,

relative

WjVi

Kac.

frattlchy

Inciuliirr.

Markr:

Ha ilia k'Wurt.

19 Geo. III. 37* Vanu 83,

relative toTurapike Bills, hadbefcn complied with ;. and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Henry Sheppherd, being examined; said. That the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act; that the Sum of £. 2,600 now remains due; that the Tolls granted by the said Act are not sufficient for the Purposes of keeping the Road in Repair, and paying oft’ the Money borrowed; that the said Road cannot be kept in proper Repair, nor the Money owing be repaid, unless the Term of the said Act, wluch is near expiring, is further continued, the Tolls increased, and the Powers of the Ad altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heron " Syke, which divides the Counties of and

" iVeJlmcreland, to the Town of in Kendal, and

" from the said Town of Kirkby in Kendal, through " the Town of Shapp, to Emont Bridge, in the said " County of Wefimov elandAnd that Sir James tier, Sir Michael le Fleming, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. El~c.es reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Theodoras Martinus Mijpelblom Btijer, was committed; Thar the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Brattfeby, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the 1'irfk Time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Albany IVall Gentleman, Lord of the Manor of Market Raisin, in the County of Lincoln, in Trull for the Purposes expressed in an Act of Parliament, for veiling several Estates, late of Samuel Shep heard, Esquire, deceased, in Trull, to be Ibid. and for other Purposes therein mentioned, the Reverend Thomas Noel on, the Reverend John Robitifon, the Reverend Middleware iVard, Hairy Booth, John,

William iVright, Gentlemen, and others, Proprietors 01

the several Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Market Raifinaforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Parish are certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, wherein the different Properties lie intermixed and lo dispersed, that, in their present State, they are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, I.inds, and Grounds, subject to such Orders and Regulations as the House Hull judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Vol. 37.

Mr* Elwes, Lord BrownlowBertie, itnd Mr. Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the CommifCohers for putting in Execution an A<fl of Parliament, made In the Seventh' Ycaf of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for draining and pfvlerving " certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the " South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, " commonly called Bedford Level, and in the County " of Cambridge, between the River tarn, otherwise

Grant, West, and the Hardlands of Bottifibam, Swaffham Bulbeck, and Swaffham Prior, East; and impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty* of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level " of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell " certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, " commonly called Invejled Landsand of several other Owners and Occupiers of Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, lying within the Limits aforesaid, was pre-lented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thkt the Commissioners appointed by the said Act have, in pursuance of the Powers given, for the due Execution thereof, been obliged to borrow considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Taxes thereby charged* which have been expended in the Execution of Works made for the Purposes of draining the said District, and it is found, that the Boundary of the said District, as drawn by the said Act, is, in some Parts, too confined for the Purposes of the Act; and that the Tolls laid ott the Navigation, both for the Passage of Haling-Horles, on the Banks within the District, and of scouring deepening, and making Banks on the Sides of the Lands, wherein the several Navigations have been car-'' ried on, are by no Means adequate to the Damage done the said Banks by Haling, and tg the Expences the said Commissioners are put to in scouring, deepening, and imbanking, the said Lands, so as to make and ktep them lit for Navigation; and that the improved State of the Banks induces Travellers to pass over the same on Horseback, as also those, who collect and convey Cattle to different Parts of the Country, to drive them over the Banks, to the great Damage thereof, in-so much that the Commissioners cannot any longer support the necessary Banks, unless they have Powers given them to increase their Tolls laid on the Navigation, as also of imposing Tolls on such as travel on Horseback or drive Cattle, over the said Banks; which Tolls it is propol’ed should be a Security, as well for the Monies already borrowed, or hereafter to be borrowed i and that, at the Time of passing the said Act, many of the Lands had been dug out into Hods, or Turfs Pools, and it was thought necessary to encourage the Owners of such Lands to improve the fame, that the same should be charged with One Half of the Tax only wherewith the other Lands, of the same Sort and Degree, not dug, should be charged for the first Seven Years; and that the said Term of Seven Years is now expired, and it is found, that the Improvement of the said Lands operates so ft owl y, that the Term of Seven Years hath not been a sufficient Time to bring them into such a State as will enable the Owners thereof to pay the whole Tax, and it is necessary a Power should be vested in the Commissioners to apportion the Taxes to be charged on the said dug lands, at different Times, in proportion to the Im* provements made therein; and that some Grounds, in the Parish of Ditton, have been damaged, through Works done by the Commissioners, with a View to the general Good of the Drainage, and a great Artear Of Tax is due thereon, which the Commissioners have not a Power of discharging; and that many of the said Lands, called Adventure Lands, besides the Tax imposed on them by the Commissioners, which Tax is as much as many of them are capable of bearing, are

likewise

Bedford

Level

Drainage.

Altcar,

&c.

Drainage.

y _ -

U 27° Januariu ' A. 1779L

Hkcwife subject to a Taxation from the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called The Bedford Level, by Meins whereof many of the said Adventure Lands are become forfeited, and the Tax thereon loft to the Commissioners, much, to the Hurt of this useful Undertaking; and that the Powers given to the Fen Reeves, and several other of the Powers given to the Commissioners, by the said Act, are- insufficient for the Purposes thereby intended: And therefore praying,-That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose of enlarging the said Line of Boundary in some Parts of the said District, and also for laying such further Toll on the Navigation, and such Toll on the Travellers, and those who traffic on the said Banks, as to the House shall seem meet; and to impower the Commissioners to make the said Tolls a Security, as well foi the Monies already borrowed, as hereafter to be borrowed, on the Credit of the said Act, as'also to give such Powers to the said Commissioners as' may enable them to charge the dug Lands with such Taxes, from Time to Time, as the Improve-jment thereof will warrant; and also to enable the said Commissioners to discharge the said Grounds, in the Parish of Ditton, from all or so much of the Arrear

"of Tax as shall appear reasonable; as also to enable the said Commissioners to discharge all or any of the laid Adventure Lands from so much Tax as to them may seem necessary, to encourage the fever^l and respective Owners of fuph 'Lands to continue the Possession and Cultivation thereof, under the AffdTments both of them the said Commissioners, and of the Cor-p6ration of the Great Lev'el of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level; as also to alter, amend, and enlarge, the Powers given to the said Fer> Reeves, as shall be most effectual for the Purposes of preserving and draining the said Dill rift; as also to alter, amend, expend, or enlarge; the feverat Powers already given by. the said Actty in such Manner as may best enable them, and all others concerned, in the Execution ^hereof,’to effectually do and perform ajl such Matters and Things as will attain'and' execute‘the several Purposes and Objects of the said Act. ' , "

"OrferJd, That ‘.‘the said 'PeflRon be referred to the ‘Consideration of a, Committee: And tint they do examine the Matter thereof; arid report die fame; as it shall appear io, them, to the House:' '

7 And it is referred to ' Mr: Jenyns, Mr.'

See. I ’Apd the V aye ’to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the 'Clock; in the Speaker’^ Chamber; and have Power to fetid for: Per forts, Papers, and Records;

' , ' r> vt|, , /

’A Petition of the/P^ayo’r^ Alderman, Railiffs; and Common Council, of thtyRorough and 'Coloration of Liverpool, jn Common Coiincil dfiembled, was presented tpthe Ho'uses ind read ;,taking Notictyof 'the’AppH-cation for Leave to bring’n Bill ^>r "draining, improving/' and 'preterving, cetyain Low Lands in the Panlbes of7 AlUf-T', Seftdn,1 tictlfaU, and 1 fallen upon the

Hil(,‘ in.fhe/.dbu'nty. falatuie oiftLatyaJfer;:and’ for altering the CoullTof'thq Rivty A/t-y and Setting forth, 'Jhzt the'Retifioners^conceivethat the etlvftual draining, improving, and'pr'elcmng, of the slid Low Lands, in the several Pari (Res aforesaidi and Caving1 the Produce thereof from Uofs'by fregUe’nt Inundation, would tend not only ty the Prevention of Very great 'Damages to jthd Land," OWn^'ind/Proprietors,/^uf'would be of public Utility, as the same Lancty lie hi the Vicinity of , Liverpool, and such Casualties have the greatest Effect to'raise the Markets thereof,’ more especially the Price ' of Hay: And thereto^ praying, That such Bill, for ' the draining, improving', and preterving, tffe fkmc Low Lands in the said several* Pndfhes, and for altering the Course of the laid River Ait, moy pass into a Law,

under such proper Powers, Clauses, Terms, and Restrio tions, as to the House shall seem meet and requisite.

*5

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to* the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Sir Charles William Baronet, Earl of Sefton, in the Kingdom of Richard Wilhrahaui Bootle, Esquire, Thomas Seel, Esquire, the Reverend Richard Rot hovel I, the Reverend John Stanley, and several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors and Owners of certain Low Lands, lying in the several Townlliips, Villsi, Hamlets, or District s, of Altcar, Sefton,

Lv.nt, Thornton, Aintree, MaghMelting, luce, Blun-

dell, Little Crosby , Form by, and Dozen Holland, within the Parishes of Altcar, Sefton, , and Walton upon

the Hill, in ,the County Palatine of La a rafter, is re-

ferred: And that they do examine the Matter oi this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House. -

Mr: Tud way reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Mailers, and Capital Burgesses, of the City or Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had db-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place:; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w as read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition. Mr. George Lax, being; examined, laid. That the Towb- Hall, and Market House, of the said City or Borough, being very old, ruinous, and'inconveniently littiated, has lately been pulled -down, and that there is not at priefent any Assize or Town Hall, or Market House, them: that the Mayor, Mailers, and Capital Burgesses, of the said City or Borough, are Lessees under the Lord Bishop of Bath and Wells, and as such entitled to the 1 Offices of Bailiff of the Bailiwick', and Clerk of the Market, and to all other Privileges and Emoluhiertts

O b %

thereunto belonging, and have agreed with the said Lord Bishop for the absolute Purchase of the Inheritance thereof; that the'Reverend William Clerk, is, by virtue of an Instrument of Collation Or Donation from Edward late Lord Bishop of Bath and Wells, entitled to a Capital Dwelling House, called Canonical House, with certain Outhouses-and Premifi'es belonging to the fame, which are very much out of Repair; and that the Mayor and Burgesses of the said City or Borough have agreed for the Purchase of the fame, for the Purpose of building a new Assize or

Town Hall, and Market House, on the Scite thereof, which, the Witness added, is a very convenient Situation for that Purpose. *

And the Witness further said, That Butchers Meat,

; and other Commodities, are at present exposed to Sale in fcVCral of the Streets within the said-City or Borough, which . is a very great Nuisance; and that if a conve-; nient Place was atppointed for a public Market,- for the Sale of Meat, and other Commodities, if would be a ’ very great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said City or Borough.

>' Ordered, That'Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Assize or Town Hall, and Market

House, within the City and Borough of Weils, in the County of Somerset'-, and for regulating the Markets

withip the said City and Borough: And that Mr. Tud-wty,1Mr.: C//f/</, and Mr. Popham, do prepare, arjd bring.in, the fame. . ' (*

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common ‘Council, of the Town of Nin the 'County of the Town of NezvcaJUe upon Tyne, in Common Council aflctnbfed, was presented to the House, anR read; Setting1 forth, That by an Act, passed ‘in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enable the'Bishop of Durham, and his Sue--cessors, to raise a competent Sum of Money, to be applied

City of

Wells Allicz Hal!, dL-c.

Tyne

River

Bridge.

19 Geo. III. 270

applied fcr repairing, improving, or re-building, such Part of Tyne Bridge as belongs to the See of Durham, . certain Persons were appointed Trustees for putting t!ie same in execution, under the Direction of the said Bishop, and his Successors, and any Sum of Money, not exceeding £.ia, oooo, was authorized to be raised for the Purposes of the said Act, in Manner therein mentioned; and that, in the said Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, an Act was made for building a Temporary Bridge over the River between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gatcf-head, in the County of Durham; and the Petitioners having proposed to expend the Sum of £. 2,400 of the Corporation Money towards the Expence of building fitch Temporary Bridge, and purchasing Houses and Ground in the Town of Newcastle, and in the Parish of Gateshead, for making a Road to such Temporary

Bridge, and for more conveniently building the fame. Power was thereby given to the Petitioners to build the said Bridge, and maintain and iuppovt the fime when built, and for that Purpose to appoint a Committee to tra.nlaft such Matters as they might find necessary; and it was thereby further enacted, That the said Temporary Bridge should continue only for the Term of Seven' Years, from the 24th Day of June 1772; and that, for reimbursing the Petitioners all such Sums as by them should be laid out for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, over and above the said <Sum of £. 2,400, it should be lawful for them to take "certain Tolls for Passage over the said Temporary Bridge; and that, at the Time cf passing the said la(t-/ mentioned Act, it was apprehended that a new Stone Bridge might be built, or the old Stone Bridge effectually removed, in less Time than Seven Years, from the 24th Day of June 1772; but, it having since been found necessary to take down Four Arches of the said old Bridge, belonging to the Corporation of Newcastle, which, at the Time of passing the said Act, were deemed sufficient to be left Handing, the building of a new Stone Bridge hath been retarded, and the same cannot be completed in leis than Three Years from this Time; and that, at the Time when the old Stone Bridge was destroyed by the Flood, there were Handing, on that Part thereof which belongs to the Corporation of Newcastle, divers Houses, Shops, and other Buildings, which greatly incommoded the Passage along the said Bridge, all which the Petitioners have purchased, with the Monies of the said Corporation, for the Sum of £. 1,838. 9J. 8 din order to prevent the Public being incommoded by any Erections or Buildings on that Part of the new Stone Bridge which belongs to the Corporation of; and that, on the 29th Day of December 1778, the Petitioners had expended out of the Monies of the Corporation of Nezvcajile, in the building of the said new Stone Bridge, the Sum of £.21,042. i6r. lid. including the aforesaid Sum of £.1,838. 9.5. 8 d.; and the Petitioners have daily, since the said 29th Day of December 1778, incurred further Expences in the building of the said Stone Bridge, and upon a moderate Computation the Corporation of Newcastle muH necessarily expend the further Sum of £.ic, coo in the building of that Part of the said Stone Bridge which belongs to them; and that, on the 27th Day of December 1778, the Petitioners had, bolides the aforesaid Sum ot £.2,400, expended in and about the Purposes of the said last mentioned Act, the Sum of £.321. j8r. 9 more than had been received by the lolls taken upon the said Temporary Bridge; and it is apprehended, that the Tolls taken, and to be taken, for Passage over the said Temporary B:idge, from the said 27th Day of December 1778 to the 24th Day of June 1779, cannot produce so much Money as will be sufficient to reim-burle the Petitioners the said Sum of £.321. i8r. 9 and the necessary Expences of repairing, preserving, and supporting, the said Temporary Bridge, to the said ' Vol. 37.

24th Day of June 1779; and that the said Temporary Bridge is liable to great Dan.age from Floods and Ice in the River, and also from Keels loaded with Coals passing through the feme, and it would be of public Utility that the said Temporary Bridge should be supported until the new Stone Bridge dull be built; and that, at the Time the said old Stone Bridge was de-fl.oyed by the Flood, there were Handing on that Part thereof which belong; to the See of Durham, divers Houses, Shops, and other Buildings, which greatly incommoded the Passage over the same; and that th* Avenue and Passage to the said new Bridge, both from Gateshead ai d the Town of Newcastle, is the same as to the old Stone Bridge, and is very narrow, and it would be of public Utility if a more convenient Avenue and Passage was opened, both to that Part of the said new Stone Bridge which belongs to the See of Durham, and also to that Part thereof which belongs to the Corporation of Nezvcajile, and if the said Houses, Shops, and Buildings, which. Hood on that Part of the said Stone Bridge which belongs to the See of Durham, were not permitted to be rebuilt; but that the procuring such public Utility will occasion a considerable additional Expence both to the said See of Durham, and to the said Corporation/ of Nezvcajile: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, for building a Temporary Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and in the County of Durham, and to enable the TruHees in the FirH above-mentioned Act named for putting the said Act in execution, by and under the Direction of the Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, to open a more convenient Passage and Avenue to, and also to prevent the building and re-erecting the Houses, Shops, and other Erections and Buildings, which Hood upon that Part of the old Bridge which belongs to the See of Durham, and to be reimbursed the Charge and Expence thereof by a Toll to be taken upon the said Temporary Bridge, and also upon the said new Stone Bridge after the same shall be built; and also to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of cajile upon Tyne aforesaid, to open a more convenient Passage and Avenue to that Part of the said Stone Bridge which belongs to the Corporation of,

and to be reimbursed the Charge and Expence thereof, and also of repairing, preserving, and supporting, the said Temporary Bridge until the land new Stone Bridge shall be built and compleady finished, by such Toll as aforesaid, and under such Orders and Regulations, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Matthew Ridley, Mr. Ord, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the TruHees appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the '1 wenty sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of " White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead Saint " Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns " of Shajtesbury, MilbornePort, and Sherborne, in the " Counties ot Dorset and to the Half Way

" House in the Parish of Nether Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the " Towns of Shajtesbury and Sherborne aforesaid;" and also of an Act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the before-mentioned Act of Parliament, and repairing other Roads adjoining to the Roads in the said former Act mentioned, was presented to the

Z House

Tyne

Rivt-r

Bridge.

White Sheet Hill,

& c. Road.

M

J

7° Januarii. 1779*

West

Srmver

Tubes.

M.irbie Vo reel.

Supplying Leeds witu Coals.

and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees K 1 j nted by the said Acts have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, which, t^getlu-r with the Tolls collected upon the said Roads, have been duly applied, pursuant to the Directions of the Adb; but that the same cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act are extended, enlarged, and made more effectual; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extending, enlarging, and continuing, the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. MoMr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Robert James and Walter Whitaker, Gentlemen, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Parish of West Slower, in the County of Dor jet, certain Stinted Paf-tures, called The Outer or Horse Common, and The Inner Common, containing 200 Acres, or thereabouts, which are divided into 146 Leas or Cattle Gates, and are the joint Property of the Petitioners; and that, if the said Pastures were exonerated from Payment of Tithes, and a proper Compensation made to the Impropriator and Vicar for their Tithes and Glebe, the said Pastures might be put into a State of Cultivation, which would be of great Benefit to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for exonerating the said Pastures from the Payment of Tithes, and making Compensation in Lieu of the said Tithes and Glebe, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mot timer and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had dire 6'ted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Thomas Jaques, of Leeds, in the County of York, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth. That the Petitioner- is informed Application is intended to be made to Parliament by Charles Brandling, Esquire, for Leave to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing Agreements made between Charles " ling, Esquire, and other Persons, Proprietors of Lands,

" for laying down a Waggon Way, in order for the " better iiipplying the Town and Neighbourhood of " Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals;" and that, under the Authority of the said Act, or otherwise, the said Charles Brandling is obliged, or hath agreed, to supply the Inhabitants of Leeds aforesaid

with Twenty thousand Dozens of Corfs of Coals yearly, at the stipulated Price of Four Pence Three Farthings per Corf; and that the Petitioner is the Owner of the Inheritance of a Close called Cajjon Close, in the Town of Leeds aforesaid, now in Leate with other PremilTes to the said Charles Brandling, under a Yearly reserved Rent, for the Remainder of a Term granted to him by the Petitioner’s Uncle, John since deceased,

which Close is the only Coal Yard, or Repository, for the laying up, and Sale of, such Coals; and it is (amongst others) an express Condition in the said Lease, that, in case the said Charles Brandling, or other Owner and Proprietor of his Collieries or Coal Works therein mentioned, shall refuse or neglect, in any One Year during the said Lease, to bring or cause to be brought to the said Cajfon Close (the Repository or Coal Y ard aforesaid) the Quantities or Dozens of Corfs of Coals aforesaid, unless prevented by Fire, Water, or other inevitable Accident, or shall refuse to fell, or offer the same to Sale, when brought down to the said Coal Yard, for the Use and Consumption of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Leeds, at the Rate or Price aforesaid, as by them respectively should be required; in such Case, the Lessor, his Heirs, or Assigns, may enter upon the demised Premisses, and from thenceforth the Estate and Interest of the Lessee shall be void; and that the Petitioner is informed, the Object of the said Bill is to obtain Powers to bring double the present Quantity of Coals to the said Cajon Close, in order to be sold to the Inhabitants of Leeds aforesaid, or the Neighbourhood thereof, at the advanced Price of Five Pence Halfpenny per Corf; and to confirm the said Lease, notwithstanding the aforesaid Condition or Clause therein, without any additional Recompence or Benefit to the Petitioner on Account thereof, or of the Injury which he may sustain, although the Value of Lands in and about Leeds aforesaid, by the great Increase of Population and Trade, hath very considerably increased since the granting of the said Lease, and although such additional Price will bring in a large additional Income to the said Charles Brandling, besides the increased Benefit arising from a greater Sale; and that the Petitioner, not knowing the particular Terms on which the said Lease was granted, and being informed that the same would not be affected, nor his Property injured, by the said intended Bill, he was induced to sign, without due Consideration, a Consent to the passing of an Act, for an Amendment of the said Act of Parliament, (tipulating the said Charles Brandling to bring to the said Repository Ten thousand Dozens of Corfs ot Coals in each Quarter of the Year, provided Sale can be had for the fame, and to be allowed to sell the same there at Five Pence Halfpenny instead of Four Pence Three Farthings a Corf; but the Petitioner did not fee or peruse the said intended Bill, nor were any further Particulars of the Purport thereof explained to him; and that the Petitioner apprehends certain Parts of the said Bill will be prejudicial and injurious to his Estate and Interest: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as the Nature of his same requires, and particularly, that the Petitioner may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as have a Tendency to affect his Interest.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering more beneficial an Act, made in the Thirty* first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing Agreements, made " between Charles Brandling, Esquire, and other Persons, Proprietors of Lands, for laying down a Waggon Way, in order for the better supplying the " Town and Neighbourhood of in the County of York, with Coals," by enabling the said Charles Brandling to supply, annually, a larger Quantity of Coals to and for the Use of the said Town and Neighbourhood,

i9 Geo. III.

27° — 28° Januarii.

87

bourhood, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counfei, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counfei to be heard, at the Came Time, in Favour of the said BiJi, against the said Petition.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

?UPP.V. Refohed, That tin's House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways Refohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-ami Means. ing nextj resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

/ And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 8° die;

Anno 19* Georgii III'1* Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

Recruiting

rbe

Land Forces.

A N ingrossed Bill to repeal an Act, made in l\ the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the more easy and better recruiting of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines and for substituting other and more effectual Provisions in the Place thereof, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally £roposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 15. 1. 19. To leave out from " Act " to " And " in 1. 23.

Pr. i3. 1. 12. After " Keeper " to insert " out of the " Poor’s Rate of the Parish or " Place where such Person or Persons shall be apprehended."

Pr. 28. 1. 19. To leave out " the major Part," and insert ' any Three " ip (lead thereof.

Pr. 45. 1. 6. To leave out " June," and insert " May instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Tabic accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the last Session ol Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the more " easy and better recruiting of His Majesty’s Land " Forces and Marines;" and for substituting other and more effectual Provisions in the Place thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

idoture Petition of Bacon Frank, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Fenwick, in the Parish of in the

West Riding of the County of York, and of several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, within the said Manor, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the Township of Fenwick, in the said Manor, an extensive Piece of Waste Ground, or Common, the Property of the Petitioners, and others, which, in its present State, is incapable of any- considerable Improvement, but if the same was divided, indofed, and properly drained, it would be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave Vol. 37,

may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the said Common, or Waste Ground, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the mid Petition: And that Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Eyre, and Mr. Charles Mellish, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Provost and Scholars of the House ®ean of ’The Blessed Mary the Virgin, in , commonly Iacl°’un-

called Oriel College, of the Foundation of Edward the Second, of famous Memory, sometime King of England, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Open and Common Fields and Meadows of Dean, in the Parish of Spelsbury, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Lands of the Petitioners, within the said Open and Common Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed, and dilperfedin small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the same were divided, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them in Severalty, in Lieu of, and in Proportion to, their respective Lands, and Right of Common therein, great Advantage would arile to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields and Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in Dean aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House Hull seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Page, Sir Roger Newdigale, and the Lord IVenman, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom Lchester, the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of 04 the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Zouch, in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Cock Inn in Tntbury, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Stand- . ing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Foivler informed your Committee, That great Progress has been made in amending the said Road, for which Purpose a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls authorized by the said Act, which Hill remains due.

That the said Road cannot be completed, and kept in Repair, nor the Money borrowed, with the Interest thereon, be repaid, unless the Term of the said Acct be further continued, and feme additional Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon Trent, in the county of,

and to the Cock Inn in Tutbury, in the said County: And that Mr. Page, Sir William Bagot, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, tire fame.

Lord

Amcots

Inclosure.

LantriflTent

Roads.

Leatherhead, fee. Road.

88 28 0 JanuajJ. 1779.

Lord BrownlcavBertie preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Township of in the Parish of

Althorpe, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Creditors, Trustees, and others, concerned in an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening several Roads leading from " the Town oiLantriJJ'ent, and also the Road leading from " Newbridge, to a Place called Old Furnace, all in the County of Glamorgan," the Lid Act also directs a Road from The Old Furnace to a Bridge over at Merthyr Tidvil, and from thence to the Confines of the County of Brecon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Port of Cardiff, by The Old Furnace, to Merthyr Tidvil, and thence to the Confines of the County of ,is on the East Side of the River Tass, and lies in the several Pari Ques of Eglwys, llan, , and Merthyr

Tidvil, in the Hundred of Carphilly, alias and the other Roads, of which the Town of LantriJJent is the Center, are all on the West Side of the River Tass, and lie in the several Parishes of Lantriffent, -wit Vardre, Bonviftone, Pendoylon, and Lanharan, in the several Hundreds of Mijkin, Dinas Powys, and Cow-bridge, all within the said County of Glamorgan, these therefore are totally distinct, being entirely separated by the said River; and that, from the said District being very extensive, great Inconveniences have been experienced in the Execution of the said Act, by obliging Commissioners to attend Meetings at Places distant from, and unconnected with, the several Roads, of which, from their Property and Inhabitancy, they were naturally Trustees: And, as the said Trustees have consented to a Separation of the said Trust, and the Creditors have likewise agreed to take Securities upon the several Tolls arising in the said Districts after they have been so divided, so that the Roads on one Side of the River should be distinct, and have no Claim upon the Roads on the other Side of the River, therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill so as to divide the Trust, and give such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Anthony Bacon, Mr. Toxm-ftiend, hc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Sec >nd, for repairing and widening the Road from the Sevan Inn at Leather head to the Pole at the upper End of Spiral or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoke, near the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act in execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied towards repairing the said Road, and great Progiels hath te:n made therein; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and, unless the same be further continued, and the foils increased, the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually amended and kcut in Repair; And therefore praying. That 18 *

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Norton, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Trustees for an Act, passed in Gloucester the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty to Stone King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Par- 9 Mile Stone. " liament, one passed in the Nineteenth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an " Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his " late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the " Road from the City of Gloucester to and oilier

w Roads therein mentioned, and for making the said " Act more effectual; and the other passed in the " Twenty-Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing Tw'o Acts " of Parliament, the one passed in the Thirteenth Year " of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the " First, for amending the several Roads leading from " the City of Bristol; and the other passed in the Fourth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain " and amend the same Act, and for making the said " Acts more effectual; and also for repairing other " Roads therein mentioned; and for making all the said " Acts more effectual, and for repairing, widening, and " keeping in Repair, several other Roads, " was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, except as to so much thereof as relates to th. Bristol District of Roads, and to the Road leading from the City of Gloucester to the Ninth Mile Stone, at or near a

Place called The Clay Pitts, on the said Road leading from Gloucester to Stone aforesaid, in the said Act mentioned, and a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the same Act, which, with the Tolls, have been duly applied in repairing the respective Districts of Roads comprized in the said Act, except as aforesaid; and that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring, and, unless the same be continued, and forne further Powers granted, the present Debt cannot be discharged, nor can such of the said Roads, comprized in the said Act, and not relating to the District of Roads before excepted, be effectually amended and kept in Repair; and that, as the several Roads comprized in the said Act are upwards of Eighty Miles in Length, and have more than Twenty Turnpikes thereon, the Petitioners conceive, that if such and so much of the said Roads (except as is before excepted) were made a District or Districts distinct from all the others included in the said Acts, and a separate Act was passed for repairing, widening, and keeping the same in Repair, it would prevent Confusion, be convenient to the Persons acting as Trustees, and beneficial to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Provisions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Guise, Mr. Elwes,:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr.

Taplow

lflciofure.

kc.

Incioiuir*

ip Geo. III. Januari 89

Mr. Salt presented to the Motile, according to Order,

a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Com-tnonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Taploiv, in the County of Buckingham t And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Penh!detach reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Reverend Canon Residentiary of the Church of Sarum, Lord of the Manor of Miijlonand Brigin the County of Wilts, and Patron of the Rectory of the Parish of Mil-ston aforesaid, William Bowks, Esquire, his only Son and Heir apparent, Owner of the Reversion and Inheritance in Fee Simple, of all the Lands within the said Manor (except One Acre) the Reverend Edward -hill, Rest or of the Pari (It and Pari (It Church of aforesaid, and of several of the Leasehold and Copyhold Tenants for Lives, of the said Manor* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the same was read; and is as foilow-eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Articles of Agreement, dated the 25th Day of 1)77, made between the Lord of the said Manor of Miiston and Brigmerston, the Rector of the Parish of

Miljlott, and the several Leasehold and Copyhold Tenants of the said Manor, for dividing and allotting certain Lands in the said Manor, by Referrees appointed for that Purpose, were produced to your Committee: And,

Mr. Jams Slilli Steward of the said Manor, inform-

ed your Committee, That the said Articles of Agreement were executed in his Presence by all the Parties ebneerned, except Two Copyhold and Two Leasehold Tenants, whose Properties in the said Lands are of very finall Value. Then,

Mr. John Newman, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That, in pursuancC of the said Articles of Agreement, the Referrees thereby appointed proceeded to divide and allot the said Lands, and have conpleted and finishe'd the several Allotments, according to the Terms Of the said Articles, and have drawn up, and executed, their Award; which was produced to /our Committee, and the Execution thereof proved by the said Mr. Still.

Mr. Newman being again examined, said, That all the Parties interested in the said Lands have accepted arid Cultivated the Allotments set out and awarded to them by the said Referrees as aforesaid, and paid their Propot-tions of the Expences attending carrying the said Articles into Execution, except Francis Hayden, One of thd Leasehold Tenants, and John One of the Copy-

hold Tenants, of the said Manor; that the said John Haydens Property in the Lands, which have been divided and exchanged in pursuance of the said Articles, is about a Thirty-fifth Part in Value of the Land so divided and exchanged; and that Francis who

is Brother and Tenant to the said John Hayden,- did, after making the " laid Division as aforesaid, plough one Of the Allotments made to the said John Hay, kit ai aforesaid, and sowed it with Grain; that some Time afterwards the said John Hayden refused to accept the Allotments so made to him- by the said fteferreefc as aforesaid, alleging that they had not made his Brothel proper Satisfaction for Dung that had been put upon-hisLahd; that he made no-other Objection for not accepting his Allotments, and said that he was not compellable so to dOj as he had never executed the Articles. The Witriefe laid. That the Referrees were apprized frith the Objection about the Dung, by a Person on Vol. 37.

Behalf of his Brother, the Tenant, befdre thfey made the Allotments.

And the Witness further laid. That he k a Farmer in the Neighbourhood of Miiston, and a Surveyor of Lands, and is acquainted Wirh the Nature and Value of Lands in the said Parish; that he thinks the Allotments made to Hay don are fair and equitable; that the Witness knew the Land before the Allotments were made, and thinks the Lands allotted to the (kid John Hayden are improved Ohe Fifth in Value, which is as great an Improvement as any other Person has received by the Division, and ihuch greater than many of the other Owners have received, as his Allotments are in the Low Field, the mflft valuable Land lies; that the Value of John Hayden's Lands, before the Division, was only £. 16 per JdhnUin, and that the Witness would be glad to take a Lease of his Allotments at Twenty Guineas a Year, for John Hayden's Life — That the said Francis Hayden told the Witness, about a Fortnight ago, that he (as Tenant) was satisfied with the Allotments made to his Brother, and would endeavour to persuade him to accept them.

And the Witness added; That the said- John Hayden is the only Person who makes any Objection to the Division and Allotments; and that, if the Articles are riot confirmed, it will be a great Loss to all the Proprietors.

Mr. Still being again examined, informed your Committee, That John Hayden has only his own Life in the Estate, by Copy of Court Roll; fhat when he put-chafed the Interest for his Life, he renewed it at the Rate of £. 12 a Year; that he is a Stipervilor of Excite, and now resides at Bath; that the Witness law him there in December iaft, and acquainted him that an Application would be made to Parliament to confirm the Articles, unless he would agree to accept his Allotments, which he then refused to do.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the Division arid Allotment of the Common or Open Fields, and Common Down's, within the Manor of Miiston and Brigrtilrjhn, in the County of Wilts: Arid that Mr. Pemuddock and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing fhloderus Mdrthncs Mifpelblom Beijer, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Titlie be, an Act for naturalizing Theodoras blom Beijer.

Ordered, That Mr. Flutes do Carry the Bifi so the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment 6fthe Poor, within the several Hundreds' of tloxnd,

and Thredling, in the County of Suffolk,- wHs- read a Se-

cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock', in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Right honourable Henry Lord Digby, Baron Digby of Sherborne, in: the County of Dorset, and Baron of GeaJJtill, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Lord of the Manor of Colejfnll, irr the County of Warwick, and Patron of the Vicarage endowed and Church of the same Parish, and also Proprietor of the greatest! Part of the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Pariltr of Coleshill aforesaid, and the humble Petition of fh£ several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, or otherwise interested- in, the Residue of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the said Farish, was presented to the House, and read r Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish,

A a several

Hartsmere,

&c.

Poor.

Coleshill

inclosurt*

Thirfc,

&c.

Hoad.

Account; Men in the Pay of Ireland.

Marine Forces.

Laws

relating to

Sewers.

Mariners

and

Seamen.

Upton Bridg< Icc. Roads.

90 28° Januarii. 1779.

several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing 900 Acres, or thereabouts, and alto a certain Heath, or Common Wade, called ColeJJiill Heath, containing 1000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the several Lands and Estates of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels in and over the said Fields and Meadows, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Heath, or Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Proprietors thereof, in Lieu of, and in Proportion to, their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Herbert Mackworth and Sir 'Thomas Skipwith do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Herbert Mackworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Road from Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge, through Bal-

" derjby, to Baldersby Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, " in the Way to Ripon, and through Ainderby,

" how, and Nojlerfield, by IVdl Flashes Gate, to Masham, " in the County of York; and likewise for removing " the Toll House and Turnpike Gates at Busby Stobb, " in the said County, to some other convenient Place " in the Road leading from Borough Bridge to the City " of Durham And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Men in the Pay of Ireland, which are now serving in other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions, with the Amount of the Charge thereof to Ireland.

An ingrafted Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Pownall presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being relating to Sewers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels: And that Mr. Stephens and Mr. Buller do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the county of Worcester, was presented to the House

and read; Setting forth, Tint the Highway leading from the present Turnpike Road, at a Place called The White Cross, in the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the said County, to the Side of the River Severn, at a Place called Hanley Quay, in the same Parish (which Highway is only of the Distance of 100 Yards, or thereabouts} is in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application hath been made for a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Tw'enty-fifth of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from the West End of Upton Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of Tirley, in the County of Gloucester, and to the Parish of Colwall, in the County of Hereford, and to the further Side of a Place called The Rid Green, in the Road to the City of Worcester, and through a Place called Roberts-end Street, to Malvern Chafe, in the said County of Worcester-, and that Part of the Roads, comprized in the said Act, communicates with the Highway hereinbefore described: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Highway, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. ’, &rc. r

And they 3re to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Fother^ill, Kettle, Joseph

Battejfon, Richard Goolden, Thomas , John

Richards, John Meredith, Thomas Price, John Iddins, John Haywood, Thomas Wight, and James Dicker Budd, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of a Theatre in Neiv Street, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Birmingham is a very large and populous Town, and great Numbers of Persons of considerable Property reside therein, and many of the Nobility and Persons of Distinction live in the Neighbourhood thereof; and that several extensive and valuable Manufactories are carried on within and near the said Town, which occasions a great Resort thereto of Persons of Rank and Fortune; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if a Public Theatre was legally established, for performing Plays, and other Entertainments of the Stage, in Birmingham, it would be agreeable to the Nobility and Gentry in the Neighbourhood thereof, and great Benefits would result to the Shopkeepers and Inhabitants of the Town in general; and that the Petitioners have, at a very considerable Expence, erected a large and commodious Building in New Street aforesaid, which has been made use of as a Theatre some Years, and they apprehend is in the most convenient Situation for the Purposes of a Theatre: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent, to license a Theatre in the said Town, to the Petitioners, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-. mine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Skipwith, Sir William Bagot, ice.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber;

Jirroi^Ham

]\Tew Street Theatre.

19 GEO.III. 280 — 290 .9i

Chamber; and have Power to tend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Accounts;

Cuiurcj

of

Scotland.

The House being informed, that Mr. ,from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders of the 11 th and 19th Days of May in the left Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Amount of the Stamp Duties of Bonds and Debentures, for Goods exported from to Ireland, for the last Ten Years: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Stamp Duties of Bonds and Debentures, for Glass exported from Scotland, from the Year 176410 the Year 1774, inclusive: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties paid on the Exportation of Brasil Wood, Brafiiletto, Fustick, Logwood, Niccoragua Wood, Red Wood, Red Sanders, Indico, Rice, Beaver, Cat, and other Skins, Cotton and Beaver Wool, from Scotland to Ireland, for the last Ten Years: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Half Subsidy on the Exportation of Enumerated Goods, from Scotland to Ireland, for the last Ten Years: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duty paid on Rice exported from Scotland to Foreign Parts, from the Year 1764 to the Year 1774: And also,

An Account of the Total Quantities of Foreign Linens, imported into Scotland, from 1775 to Christmas 1777: And also,

An Account of the Total Quantities of Foreign Linens, exported from Scotland, filewing the Drawbacks paid on each Species, from 5th January 1776 to 5th January 1778: And also,

An Account of the Total Quantities of and

Irish Linens exported from Scotland, flic wing the Bounties paid on each Species, from 5th January 1776 to 5th January 1778: And also.

An Account of British and Irish Linens exported from Scotland, without Bounty, from 5th January 1776 to 5th January 1778: And also.

An Accotint of the Quantities of Flax, Hemp, Flax Seed, and Linen Yarn, imported into from

Christmas 1775 to Christmas 1777; and the Value thereof: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Flax, Hemp, Flax Seed, and Linen Yarn, exported from Scotland, from Christmas 1775 to Christmas 1777: And also.

An Account of the Total Quantities of British Hardware exported from Scotland; distinguishing from what Ports, and to what Places, with the Value thereof, from Christmas 1775 to Christmas 1777.

Mr. Mitford also, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland, have been employed in the Whale Fishery, to Davis's Streights and "The Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged; also what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported, from the 10th October 1777 to 10th October 1778.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preforved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

.Mount; The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from ten Yarn the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the opened. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Linen Yam im-Vol. 37.

ported into England from Ire, from Christmas 1770 to Christmas 1777, which is as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The said Account is preferwd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rutherford, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1777, The Account of " the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " to Africa-, distinguishing every Article of Expence " under its proper Title:" And also,

A Paper intituled, " Anno 1777, Orders and Regulations of the Committee of the Company of " Merchants trading to Africa."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are prel'erved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 290 die Januarii \

Anno 19° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

A PETITION of W House the Younger was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That William Nezvell, late of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, Draper, deceased, in and by his last Will and Testament in Writing, duly executed and attested, bearing Date on or about the Sixth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, gave, devised, and bequeathed all his Real Estate, situate at Poph/eys, in the Parish of Stokers Church, in the County of Oxford, subject to a certain Annuity of Fifty Pounds a Year charged thereon by the Will of Christopher Nezvell, dcceaied, late Father of the said Testator William Newell, to Elizabeth, the now W:fe of William House the Elder, Mother of the

laid William Nezvell, and of the Petitioner, and also all other his Freehold and Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, whatsoever and wheresoever, unto Mr. Richard Hayward, of Henley aforesaid, Brewer, and Samuel Rolls, of Bottom House, in the Parish of Letvknor, in the said County of Oxford, Farmer, in Trust, to and for the several Uses, Ends, Intents, and Purposes, herein after declared or expressed concerning the lame; that is to say. In Trust, and to and for the Use of the Petitioner (his the Testator’s Brother by the Half Blood) and his Af-ligns, for and during the Term of his natural Fife, without Impeachment of or for any Manner of Waste; and from and after the Determination of that Estate, by Forfeiture, or otherwise, to the Use of the said Mr. Richard Hayward and Mr. Samuel Rolls, and their Heirs, for and during the Life of the Petitioner, in Trust, to preserve the contingent Ufos and Estates therein-after limited from being defeated or tfcstroyed,

but

| .41

Accounts;

African

Company.

House’*

Name.

Clifford

Chamber*

Inclosiue.

93 290 JanuariL . 1779,

but nevertheless to permit and suffer the said William House, and his Assigns, during his Life, to have, receive, and take the Kent and Profits thereof to his and their own Uie* and to make Entries and bring Actions for Non-payment thereof, as Occasion shall require; and from and after the Decease of the Petitioner, so the Use of the First Son of the Body of the Petitioner* lawfully begotten or to be begotten, and the Heirs Male of the Body of such First Son, lawfully issuing; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the Second* Third, Fourth, Fifth, and all and every other Son and Son' of the Body of the Petitioner, lawfully begotten or to be begotten, severally, successively, ind in Remainder one after another, as they and every of them shall be in Priority of Birth and Seniority of Age, and of the fevetal and respective Heirs Male of |be Body and Bodies of all and every such £on and 80ns, lawfully issuing, so as that the Elder of such Sons, and the Hdrs Male of his Body, lawfully issuing, shall be always preferred, and take before the Younger of such Son and Sons, and the Heirs Male of his and (their Body and Bodies; and for Default of such Issue, so the Use and Behoof of his Cousin ‘Elizabeth of Adwell, in the said County of Spinster, her

Heirs and Assigns, for ever: But his Mind and Will Was, and he thereby charged his Real Estate, situate at Pophleys aforesaid, to and with the Payment of One further Annuity to his Mother Elizabeth House, of the Sum of Thirty Pounds, for and during the Term of her natural Life, to be paid to her at the same Times, and in the same Proportions, as the said Annuity of Fifty Pounds given to her in and by the Will of his said late Father, deceased, is made payable; and he thereby charged his said Real Estate to and with the Payment of One other Annuity or Yearly Sum of Ten Pounds, to be paid to Mr. Christopher who

then Jived with him, for and during the Term of his natural Life; and also One other Annuity or Yearly Sum of Five Pounds, to be paid to Mr. Thomas during the Term of his natural Life; which said Two last mentioned Annuities he thereby ordered and directed to be paid to them, respectively, by Two equal Half-Yearly Payments, the First to begin and to be made at the End or Expiration of Twelve Months next after his the said Testator’s Decease; and he thereby willed and required, that the Petitioner, and such of the Petitioner’s Sons, and all the others in Remainder, as shall be entitled to the said Estate, should take Tub Surname as their own proper Surname, and bear his Arms; and if any Person, upon his being entitled to enjoy his said Estates, shall refuse or neglect lb to do, he thereby declared, that all such Limitations of his laid Estates, to fl.ch Persons who should to refuse or neglect to take h;S Surname as their own proper Surname, and bear his Arms, should from thenceforth cease and be void, as if such Persons were actually dead: And that on the Decease of the said William which happened

on the Twenty-first Day of November last, the Petitioner entered into Possession of the Estates so devised to him, and is desirous of complying with the Condition and Directions of the said Will: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him, his First and other iSons, and their I flues Male, and all Persons who may hereafter claim under the Will of the said William Newell, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Nezvell, pursuant to the Di* rection of the said Testator.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pape, Lord Charles Spencerand the Lord Wernnan, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners and- Proprietors of Lands in the Parish of Clifford Chambers, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several, Open and Common Fields, and Comnionable Places, within the said Parish, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but that if the "feme were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof made to the several Persons interested therein, it would be a great Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House (halt think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BiH, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Chefer and Sir William Guise do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition of the President and Governors of the Hospital or Infirmary at Bath, was presented to the House, and read; reciting an Act of the Twelfth of King George the Second, for establishing and well-go* verning an Hospital or Infirmary in the City of Bath; and setting forth, That the said Hospital has been many Years completed, and great Numbers of poor Persons, who lived at great Distances from Bath, and from their indigent Circumstances incapable of using the Medicinal and Mineral Wateis of the said City, have been admitted Patients into the said Hospital for the Trial of the said Waters, many of whom have been perfectly restored to their Health, and others greatly relieved thereby, so that much public Good has been done by the said Hospital, which has been, and is, duly attended by able Physicians and Surgeons; and that the said Hospital has not yet realized or obtained anjvgreater Estate in Lands than £.24.0 a Year, toward* £. x,oooo a Year, which, by the said Act, they are enabled to obtain; and that the Personal Estate of the said Hospital consists wholly of £. 3,325 Three per . Bank Annuities, and £. 7,350 in Old South Sea Annul* ties, which produces a Yearly Income of about £. 320. 5J. to which, if the Yearly Rents of the said Lands are added, the whole Annual Income of the said Hospital will be about £. 560. 5 s.exclusive of voluntary Contributions and pecuniary Donations; and that the said Hospital is capable of holding about 113 Patients at a Time, but the present Annual Income thereof is not alone sufficient to support such a Number; and that many Persons have been, and may be, disposed to give Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or (bme Interest therein, or to be derived thereout, or some Monies to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands, to* or in Tiuft: for, the charitable Ends of the said Hospital, whereby a Yearly Income in Lands of £. 1,000 a Year would be sooner obtained by the said Hospital, agreeable to the Intention, and for the Purposes of the said Act; but the Petitioners conceive they are incapable of taking and holding any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Monies that may be given and directed to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, that any Persons have been, or may be, disposed to give, by Will, or which have been, or may be, conveyed or limited, by any Deed or Conveyance, to or for the charitable Ends of the said Act, unless many Ceremonies and Requisites, not mentioned in the said Act, are complied with in such Deeds of Conveyance, which are wholly unknown to many Persons>. who have been, and may be, willing to promote the charitable Ends of the said Act, whereby the Donations and Gifts of many Persons to* or in Trust for, the charitable Ends of the said Hospital, have beetfc wholly frustrated, and the Hospital deprived of receiving and maintaining so large a Number of poor Persons therein as they otherwise would have been enabled to do, and many poor Persons, afflicted with Disorders to which the said Waters are applicable fof Relief, have been totally deprived of receiving any Relief therefrom; and the Petitioners conceive that, as. the said Act enables the Hospital to take and hold

Lands,

Bath

Hospital.

Knight

Thorpe

Indo/ure.

'laxton

iclosure.

19 Geo. III. 29° January. 93

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to and for the charitable Ends of the said Act, so as the same should not exceed the Value of £. 1,000 a Year, no public Inconvenience can possibly arise by accelerating the Means for obtaining the End of such Annual Value in Lands, and the rather so, as the Application thereof is for so laudable and general a public Good, as humanely assisting Persons, that are, or may be, afflicted with Dif-orders, and incapable of relieving themselves, and to whom the Bath Waters may be serviceable, with the Trial and Use of the said Waters, for Relief of their Disorders: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the said Hospital to take, hold, and enjoy, any Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any interest therein, or derived, or to be derived, thereout, or any Monies that may be given and directed to be laid out in the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, or to be derived thereout, that any charitable or well-disposed Person or Persons may hereafter be disposed, by his or her last Will, to give to, or in Trust for, the charitable Ends of the said Hospital, or which any such Person or Persons may be disposed, by any Deed or Conveyance, to give, grant, or convey, to, or in Trust for, the same Purposes, in as large and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Natural Person can or may take, hold, and enjoy, any Gift, Devise, Grant, or Conveyance, to him and his Heirs, and without any greater or other Form, Ceremony, or Requisition, in any such Will, Deed, or Conveyance, than what are or is required for deviling or conveying any Real Estate from one Natural Person to another; so as the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Interest t herein, or derived, or to be derived, thereout, which the said Hospital is now, or hereafter may, by any Ways or Means whatsoever, acquire, orbefeifed of, or entitled to, do not exceed together in the Whole the clear Yearly Value of One thousand Pounds, over and above all Reprizes, according to the Directions of the said Act; or that the House would give such other effectual Relief in the Premises, as the Nature of the same merits, and reasonably deserves.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Popham, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors and Persons intevested in the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Commonable Places, of Knight Thorpe, and Thorpe Acre, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That it will be advantageous to the Proprietors, and Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Places, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, in proportion to, and in lieu of, their Properties therein, to be held in Severalty for ever: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Palmer, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Moll noble John Duke of Rutland, Lord of the Manor of Claxion, otherwise Long Clawfon, in the County of Leicester, and the humble Petition of several other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of Lands Vol. 37.

within the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Claxton, otherwise Long Clawfon, aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open Uninclosed Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, containing, by Estimation, 3;oooo Acres, or thereabouts, and that a Di-vision and Inclosure of the same would be of great Benefit to the Estates of the Petitioners, and other Proprietors interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hung erf or d, Sir John Palmer, and Mr. Thor o ton, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir William Guise presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Doivns, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet, Vill, or Tithing, of Ablington, in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the great Level of the Fens, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners or Proprietors of Lands lying in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, and in the Manor of adjoining thereto,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of King Charles the Second, for settling the draining of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford it was enacted, that William Earl of Bedford, and the Adventurers and Participants of Francis then late Earl of Bedford, and of the said Earl William, should be a Body Politic and Corporate, and have Succession, for ever, by the Name of " The Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the " Great Level of the Fens," with Power to lay Taxes on 95,000 Acres of Land, allotted as a Recompence for draining the said Great Level, in order to the Support, Maintenance, and Preforvation, of the said Great Level, and Works made, and to be made, for that Purpose, in such Manner as by the said Act is let forth; and that, by another Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King the Second, intituled, "An Act for discharging the Corporation of the " Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, " commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to " the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln, and for " enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level. Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to " discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation, and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the " said North Level, and for the more effectual draining " and preserving the said North Level, and divers " Lands adjoining thereto in the Manor of Hating that, at a Court of the said Corporation, held on the 10th of March 1697, ^le said Corporation had declared, that the several Parts of the said Great Level should be distinguillied by the Names of The North Level, The Middle Level, and The South Level, respectively; it was enacted, that all the Money that should arise from the Taxes chargeable by the said Corporation on such Part of the said 95,000 Acres as laid within the said North Level (and which were thereby fixed and settled at a Tax and a Quarter) and all other the Rents

B b and

Ablington

Indolurc.

North

Bedford

Level

Drainage.

Nor h

T^cJlohl

Level

?)ruin<ige.

Jannariu

A. 1770.

and Uevcnv.es arising an^ payable to the said Corporation from the said North Level, should be applied to raile, and keep in Repair, certain Works therein mentioned; and that the Lands and Grounds in the Lid North Level, and the Lands called P oil fund, otherwise Great Portsand, lying within the Manor of Crowland, in Sou!ft Iio'/iiuJ, in the County of , intended to

be drained under the Authority of the said Act, should be divided into Five Districts in Manner therein mentioned, and Commissioners were thereby appointed, and Powers were given, for continuing and keeping up a Succession of inch Commissioners; and the Commissioners for all the said Five Districts were thereby directed to meet Annually, and to alibi's and charge the Owners or Proprietors of the Lands within the said Districts (except as therein is excepted) with equal and proportionable Yearly Rates and Taxes, not exceeding One Shilling per Acre Yearly during the First Four Years, and not exceeding Six Pence per Acre in any One Year after the Expiration of the said Four Y'ears; and they were thereby impowered to borrow and take up Money (not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of/. 14,000) at lot crust on the Credit of the said Taxes; and that the Monies atifing frona such Taxes, and borrowed on the Credit thereof, should be applied in Works for draining and preferring the said Five Districts as therein is mentioned, and which Works were different from those to which the Taxes and Revenues of the said Corporation, arising within the said North Level, were therein bclore directed to be applied; and that the Commissioners acting under the said Act did, pursuant to the Powers therein contained, borrow and take up at Interest the Sum of £. 14,000, Which, together with the Surplus of the said Taxes, after keeping down the Interest thereof, hath been applied to the Works, directed by the said Act, and in executing divers other necessary and expeafive Works for the Improvement of the IVifoech River, at or near the Outfall of the Waters of the said North Level and Port-Jand to the Sea, pursuant to another Act of Parliament, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Maj-lly, intituled, "An Act for draining and " preferring certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes " of Lid Saint dies and Newtonin the life of Ely, and

" County of Cambridge, and Lid Saint in the County of Lincoln-,"and the said Works are by the said Act directed to be maintained by the said Commissioners, out of the Rates and Taxes assessed upon the said North Level and Port [and, by the said Act of the Twenty-seventh of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the said /. 14,000 now remains a Debt on the said 'faxes so chargeable by virtue of the said lust-mentioned Act; and that, by an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing a Fund for Payment of the Bonds of the Governor, Bail ills, and Commonalty, of the Company of " Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called " Bedford Level, and for exchanging the present Bonds " of the said Corporation for other Bonds, payable out " of the Revenues of the Middle and South Levels, " Part of the said Great Level, and for enabling the " said Corporation to borrow further Sums for the Ule " of the said Great Level," the said Corporation was impowered to borrow Money upon Bonds, not exceeding in the Whole £. 5,000, for the Use of the said North Level, to be charged on the Taxes, Rents, and Revenues, of the said Corporation, arising within the said North Level; which Sum of /.5,000 hath been borrowed accordingly, and applied for the Use of the said North Level, and now remains a Debt charged upon the "Taxes, Rents, and Revenues, of the said Corporation, arising from the said North Level; and that, by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the " Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservaturs of the Great Level of the Fens, ' 16

called Bedford Level, to ccripkat and maintain the " principal Banks and Works necessary to the well-"draining and preserving the North I_<evel, Part of the said Great Level, and for laying Taxes upon the " Lands within the said North Level, anti divers Lands " adjoining thereto in the Manor of Crow/and," reciting, that divers Breaches had happened in the North Bank of lore ton's Lea me, and that the said £. 5,000 had

been expended, and other Debts had been contrafted, by the said Corporation; upon Account of the necessary Works of the said North Bank, and other W orks belonging to the said Corporation, upon Account of the said North Level, it was enabled, that all the Lands and Grounds within the said North Level, and the Lands called Port fend, comprized in the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second (except as therein excepted) should be and the same were thereby, Yearly and every Year, taxed, rated, charged, and afleifed, in Manner following; that is to say, all the said Lands and Grounds within the said North Level (except as therein excepted) with a l ax of Six Pence for every Acre, and the said Lands called Porl-sand with Three Pence for every Acre, to be paid to the said Corporation, or their Receiver 5 and the said Corporation were thereby impowered to borrow further Money upon Bonds, to be charged on the said Taxes and that the said Taxes, and all Money to be borrowed thereon, should, together with the Money arising by the Tax and Quarter fixed upon such Part of the said 95,000 Acres as lie within the said North Level, and all other the Revenues arising and payable to the said Corporation from the said North Level ^but without Prejudice to the Payment of the said Debt of /. 5,000) be applied in and towards the Charges of the several Banks and Works, directed to be maintained by the said Corporation by the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Y'car of his late Majesty King George the Second, and a Committee was appointed, in Manner therein mentioned, tofuperintend and direct the Repairs to be made in the said Banks and Works; and that, in puri’uance of the said last mentioned Act, the said Corporation hath borrowed upon Bonds, the further Sum of A 20,000’ for the Purposes aforesaid, which, with the said former Debt of /. 5,000, amounts to £. 25,000, which is now due and owing from the said Corporation upon Account of the said North Level; and that the said Tax of Six Pence per Acre, chargeable upon the Lands in the said North Level, and cn the said Lands called payable to the Commissioners of the said North Level, being subject in the first Place to the Interest of the said Debt of £. 14,000, the Surplus thereof, after Payment of such Interest, amounts only to £. 326. is. 2 Annum, or thereabouts, which is insufficient for supporting and maintaining the several Works to which the same is applicable, by the said Acts of the Twenty-seventh Year of his laid late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty; and that the Taxes, Rents, and Revenues, payable to the said Corporation from the said North Level, being subject in the First, Place to the Payment of the Interest of the said Debt of £. 25,000, and to tire Payment of the Yearly Sum of £. 41 to the Trustees of the WellandBank and Road, the Surplus thereof, after Payment of such Interest and Yearly Sum, and of the further Yearly Sum of £.']'] (being the Amount of the Salaries of the several Officers of the said Corporation for the said North Level) amounts only to £. 346. 11 s. 1 o d. per Annum, which is insufficient for supporting and maintaining the several Works to which the same is applicable; and that, without further Aids, the several Banks and Works for preserving the said North Level, will soon be in Danger of breaking in Times of great Land Floods, whereby the said North Level and Portsand may become drowned, to the great and inestimable Loss of the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and to the Public, for the Prevention of

which.

Midori,

&c.

Incioiurc.

D:rfingKam

lociolurc.

v »* *4 ' *

ip Geo. III. 29 ° Januarh.95

which, the Petitioners are dc (irons that further Taxes therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in

may be charged and assessed on the said Lands for a 'a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing; the several

limited Time, not only for supporting the several and Whole Year Lands (except certain Failure Lands, called

respective Works afnrclaid, but for Payment elf the -Darfngh the Lie Property of the said Dixon

said Debt of £. 14,000, whereby the Income arising HoJ'te)Comrtion Fields, Half Year Lands, Shack. Mea*

from the Taxes upon which that Debt is charged, being (lows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the

freed from the Interest thereof, will become more ad'e- Parishbf in the County of

quate to the Support of the Works to which the same Or, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-are applicable: And therefore praying. That Leave may hunt to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir be given to bring in a Bril to enable the Commi(Tinners ' LihuardMr. Bacon do prepare, and bring in, acting by virtue of the said Act of the Tiventy-seventh the fame.

Year of his laid late Majesty King George the Second, _ . - - ,

to charge and adds all the Lands in the said North A Petition of the Right honourable George Earl of Level (except as in tire said Act is excep-ed) for a 'Oxford, Lord of the Manor of with its Mem-

Time to be limited by the iiud Bill, with a Yearly Tax bars, Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Baronet, and of One Shilling per Acre, and the said Lands called Cafe, Esquire, Owners of Messuages, Lands, 2nd Te-Portsind, for a hke limited Time, with a Yearly Tax of nements, in the Parish of Geimfion, in the County of Six Pence per Acre, towards the furl her Maintenance Norfolk, on Behalt of themselves and the other Owners and Support of the several Works directed to be re- of Messuages, Lands, and lenements, in the said paired and maintained by the said Commissioners, by Parish, was preformed to the House, and read; Setting the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of his said late forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several.

Majesty, and the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of Whole Year Lands and B recks, Common Fields, Half His present Majesty, and for Payment of the said Debt Year Lands and Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, of {. 14,600; and also to charge and afleis all the said containing about 4,000 Acres, belonging to the Pe-Lands in the said North Level (except as aforesaid) for titioners, and several R'ghts cf SheejT Walk 2nd Fold-a like limited Time, with Four Pence per Acre, and course, Common Shackage, and other Rights arid In-the said Lands called Patfand, for a like limited Time, terefts, in, over, and upon the fame; and that the said with T\vo Pence per Acre, to be applied towards the Lands lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Pieces, and further Maintenance and Support of the several Banks very inconvenient for the Owners thereof; and that it and Works of the said North Level, directed, by the would be advantageous to them, if the said Rights livid Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of his laid late ^crc extinguished, and all the said Lands divided and Majesty, to be kept and maintained by the said Cover- inclosed, and speciiic Parts thereof allotted to the several nor, Bailiffs, and C. mmonalty, of the Company of Con- Owners and Persons interested, according to their re-lervators of the said Great Level of the Fens, called fpsftive Rights and Intcrells: And therefore praying,

Bedford Level. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex t- Bracks, Common Fields, Half Year Lands and Heaths, mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame,’as it shall and Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of appear to them, to the House. Grvv.fion, in the County of Norfolk.

And it is referred to Sir John HyndeCot toil. Sir Samp- OidThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

son Gideon, Sic.: And they are to meet upon Monday suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Eduard AJlley and Mr. Bacon do prepare, and bring in, Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, the fame.

and Records. j,

A Bill for continuing the Terrh, and altering and eh- Soui* Moito*

Mr. Penruehlcckpresented to the House, according to larging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Roads*

Order, a Bill lor confirming and establishing the Di- Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, \vi-vision and Allotment of the Common or Open Fields,-' dening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Reads and Common Downs, within the Manor cf Mi If on and leading from the Town of Molten in the Courity of Brigmerfton, in the County of I Lilts: And the same was Devon, was read a Second Time. received; and read the First Time. Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Sir George

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Yonge, Mr. Popham, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s A Petition of the Right honourable George Earl of Chamber.

Orford, Lord of the Manors of Brook hall and Should-

hams, in Darfinglum, Dixon life, Esquire, Lord of the Mr. Fletcher reported from the Committee, to whom Carlisle Manors of Westha'l, Jdhamhdl, Pakenham, and Shoring- the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are hall, in Darfingham, and HoraceHammoiul, Esquire, thereunder subscribed, was referred; That the Committee

Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the Pa- had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of rifli of Darfingham, otherwise Derf.igham, in the County the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to

of Norfolk, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe-said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; tition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it Setting forth. That there arc, within the said Parish, appeared to them, to the House; and he read the lle-several Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Lands, Shack Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as Lands, belonging to the Petitioners, and several Rights followeth;

of Sheep Walk, and Fuldcouvfe, Common Shackage, To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, and other Rights and Intcrells in and over the lame; made in the Twerity-sixth Year of the Reign of his late and that the said Lands lie intermixed, and dispersed in Majesty King the Second, intituled, "An Act for

small Pieces, and very inconvenient for the Owners " repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, to the thereof, and it would be advantageous to them if the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and said Rights were extinguished, and all the said Lands " from the said Town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof " divides the Counties of and IFeJlmoreland,"

allotted to the several Owners and Persons interested, was read: And,

according to their respective Rights and Interests: And Mr being examined, laid, That the

Vol. 37. . Trustea*

6y

Bugbrooke

Indofnre.

Supplying Leeds with Coals.

9^ 29 JanuariuA. 1779.

Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which remains unpaid; that great Progress has been made in the Repairs of the said Roads; but the fam e cannot be completed, nor the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Twer.ty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Penrith, in the County of ', and from the said Town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and And that Mr. Fletcher, Mr. John Morgan, Sir James Lowther, Sir Michael le Fleming, and Mr. Lowther, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Bugbrooke, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Bugbrooke, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Knightley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Daniel Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Charles Brandling, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Middleton, in the County of York, and of the Mayor, and several other Inhabitants of the Borough of Leeds, in the said County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Barjlow, being examined, said. That he was present at a Meeting held at Leeds, pursuant to an Act-vertilement, for the Purpose of taking into Consideration a Bill now depending before the House, for rendering more beneficial an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for establishing Agreements, made between " Charles Brandling, Esquire, and other Persons, Proprietors of Lands, for laying down a Waggon Way,

" in order for the better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with " Coals," by enabling the said Charles Brandling to supply, Annually, a larger Quantity of Coals to and for the Use of the said Town and Neighbourhood; that the Persons present at the said Meeting were unani-mously of Opinion, that the Prices for leading Coals should be ascertained by the Bill; and they then agreed upon the Prices for leading Coals from the Repository to the different Parts of the Borough of Leeds, and thought it would be of Advantage to the Town to have them inserted in the Bill, with a Power to the Quarter Sessions of the Borough to raise them, if necessary. And the Witness further said, That if Provision was made in the said Bill for delivering 1,000 Dozens of Corves of Coals, Part of the 40,000 Dozens of Corves mentioned in the said Bill, Quarterly, at any Place or Places within the said Borough of Leeds, short of the Repository at CaJJbn C.lose, it would be of great Convenience to the Town of Leeds, because . many Houses lie between the Coal Pits and he said Repository. And the Witness further added, 15

That this Provision was agreed upon at the said Meeting.

Mr. Joshua Green confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering more beneficial an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing Agreements, made between Charles Brandling, Esquire, and other Persons, Proprietors of " Lands, for laying down a Waggon Way, in order " for the better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals," by enabling the said Charles Brandling to supply, Annually, a larger Quantity of Coals to and for the Use of the said Town and Neighbourhood, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for regulating the Prices of leading Coals from the Repository at Cajfon Close, within the Borough of Leeds, and for enabling the said Charles Brandling to deliver One thousand Dozens of Corves of Coals, Part of the Forty thousand Dozens mentioned in the said Bill, Quarterly, at any Place or Places within the said Borough of Leeds, short of the said Repository at Cajjon Close.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of several Grounds and Houses, and Inhabitants of Goswell Street, leading from Aldersgate Bars, in the Parish of Saint Boto/ph without Aldersgate, London, to the End of the House and Premisses of Mr. Woodhouse Coker, beyond the Turnpike Gate at the End of Street

aforesaid, lying in the several Parishes of Saint Luke Old Street, Saint James and Saint John Clerkenwell, and Saint Boto/ph without Aldersgate aforesaid, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Eighteenth. Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving the High Street or Road leading from Aldersgate Bars, in the Parish of Saint Boto/ph Aldersgate, London,

to the Turnpike near the End of Goswell Street, in the County of Middlesex, and applying the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, to be raised upon the Credit of the Surplufes to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for that Purpose, but no Powers or Authorities whatsoever are inierted therein, for keeping the said Street in Repair, after the same shall have been paved by the City of London, and they decline paving the same till the Petitioners and other the Inhabitants of Goswell Street, and the Parishes before named, have procured an Act of Parliament for keeping the same in perpetual Repair; and that the aforesaid Parishes are very large and extensive, and such Part thereof as lays on the East and West Sides of Goswell Street is very much improved with new Buildings, and, in Time, the same will probably be more extensively built upon than at present; and that Goswell Street is a vory public Street, leading from the Great Northern and West Chester Roads to the interior Parts of the City of London, and, by reason of the great Number of Carriages which pass and repass through the lame, the Pavement thereof will necessarily (land in Need of continual Repair; and that, from the Vicinity of the said several Parishes to the Fields leading to Jftington, and Places adjacent, the same is dangerous, being subject to disorderly People; and therefore, for the Security of the Inhabitants in general, the Petitioners apprehend, if a Nightly Watch was established, and a Power granted to remove Nuisances and Incroachments, and prevent the same for the future, and if the said Streets were regularly cleansed and lighted, it would be of great Benefit to the Petitioners, and others, the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, as well as the Public in general; and that the Petitioners, and the other Inhabitants resident in and near Goswell Street and Saint Boto/ph without Aldersgate, are willing

to

Goswell

Street

Nightly

Watch,

Bridgewater

X'juds*

Bridgewater Vl«rkci, Uq.

19 Geo. IIL icfJanuar 97

to take the Repair of the said Street under their own Management, and to light and ckanle the lame, upon being inverted with proper Rowers for that Purpose: And therefore praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners, and others, the Proprietors of Grounds and Houses, and Inhabitants of Gojivt’ll Street* and Saint without

derfgate, to keep in Repair, light, cleanie, and watch the said Street, from The Bars zv/thotif to the

End of Mr. Woodhouse Coker House and Premise,

beyond the Turnpike Gate, under Inch Regulations, and with such proper Clauics therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c. And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Petition of several of the ailing Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing several Roads leading to the Town " of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and for amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts " for amending several Roads from the Cities of " cester and Bristol, and several other Roads in the said " Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Somerset and " G'ouce/ler,"was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Tmftecs have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed the Sum of £. 10,200 on the Credit of the Tolls, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied towards repairing the said Reads, but that the same cannot be efi'eftually repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act are renewed, altered, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to renew the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Act, and also to make and extend the said Road from or near a Place called Buncombe Bottom, in the said Act mentioned, in the County of Somerset aforesaid, through the several Parishes of Bay borough, and BijJwp'sLydiard, in the same County,

to join the Taunton Turnpike Road at or near Gore , in the said Parish of Bishop's Lydiard, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Poulett, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and several of the Burge Ties, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Bridgezvater, in the County of Somerset, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereto fub-lcribed, residing in the Neighbourhood thereof, and often frequenting the said Borough, and the Market there held, as well on Behalf of themselves as others, was prefenicd to he House, and read; Setting forth. That the Market of the said Borough is held in the open Streets, whereby the Commodities brought there for Sale are frequently injured by bad Weather; and great Inconveniences arise to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and other Persons reporting to the said Market for Want of a proper Market House; and that, in order to erect the same in a commodious Part of the said Vol. 37.

Borough, and to render the Borough safe and convenient, it will be necessary to purchase and take down /everal House, and other Buildings, now Handing therein; and that the Streets, Lanes, and other public Pillages, within the said Borough, are not only very ill paved and clean ltd; and in a ruinous Condition, but incommodious to Passengers, by Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, and many Disorders are frequently committed therein, in the Night-time, for Want of the same being properly lighted and watched; and that the better paving, cleatifing, lighting, and watching, the said Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, and removing Nuisances, Annoyances, Ob'.trustions, and Encroachments therein, and preventing the same for the future, will be of great Safety and Advantage; both to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and to all Persons relbrting thereto, and of public Utility; and it would be of Benefit to the Inhabitants or the said Borough, if Power was given to receive a small Toll on Sundays, and on the Days of, and next before, and after, the public Races there, at the Avenues leading into the said Town, and into the Race Ground near the said Town, to be applied towards defraying the Expences attending the several Works aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for eroding a Market House, and holding a Market, within the said Borough, and for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages therein, and for watching the said Town, with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Allen, Mr. Poulett, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the several Returns which have been made to the Order of this House, of the 16th Day of December last, " That there be laid before this " House, an Account of Persons convicted of Felonies, or Misdemeanors, and now under Sentence " of Imprisonment in the Gaols and Houses of Correction in the City of London, and the Counties of " Middlesex, Essex, Kent, Herts, Surrey, and Svfjex;

" specifying their respective Crimes, the Time when, " the Term for which, and by what Court, each Person has been imprisoned; together with an Account " of the Allowance made for the Maintenance of such " Persons, and in what Manner they are employed/* be taken into Consideration upon this day Seven-night.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing so much of an Aff, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the second, intituled, "An Act " {or amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the " Roads from the Town of Wrexham, in the County " of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint, " and from the Town of Mold to Northop, Holywell, " and Rhudd/an, in the same County, and from thence

" to the Ferry House, opposite the Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon, and from , to the said Town of Mold " as relates to the District of Road from Wrexham aforesaid to Pentre Bridge aforesaid, called the Wrexham District or Division of the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, so far as relates to the District of Road from Wrex ham to Pentre Bridge aforesaid, and have made great Progress therein, and have boi rowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of tht

C c Toll*

Bay«rlsch« fttaatsbibifottiak Mftnchan

D

Account of

Felons,

Wrexham

to

Pentre Bridge Roads.

Wiga.

to

Prelion

Roau*.

African

Trade,

ice.

Kiflingbury

Inclosure.

98 2 90 Januarii. . 1779.

Tolls within the said District, and there is now due the Sum of /. 756. 3 s.7 d.or thereabouts; and that, the said Act, so far as relates to the said District, is, in many Instances, defeftuve, and further Powers are wanting; and that, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, with respect to the said District, are enlarged, the Money owing on the Credit thereof cannot be repaid, nor the Road properly widened and repaired: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as the same relates to the said District, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conliduation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Watkin Williams , Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perl'ons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution several Acts of Parliament, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King the

First, and the Fourth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from

Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which now remains due; and that the Money borrowed, together with the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Acts, have been applied towards repairing the said Roads, and great Progress hath been made therein, but the same cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts be farther continued, and forne additional Powers granted; and that the Petitioners apprehend the said Acts might be better and more easily executed, if the several Clauses and Provisions, necessary for repairing the said Roads, were reduced into and made One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Henry Mr. Laf-

celles, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perl’ons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the 22.d Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the African Trade, together with the present State and Condition of the British Forts and Settlements on that Continent.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, or otherwise interested in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Kiflingbury, in the County of

Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Estates of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any

considerable Improvement; but if the fame, together with the said Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and Specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled thereto, in Severalty, in Lieu of, and in Proportion to, their Lands, Rights of Common, and other Interests therein, great Advantage would arise to the Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and ir.doling, the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the I icufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Knight ley, Mr. Powys, and Sir Thomas do pie-,

pare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, or otherwise interested in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of Brix-worth, otherwise Brick.'esworth, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Estates of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the fame, together with the said Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and Specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled thereto, in Severalty, in Lieu of, and in Prop( rtion to, their Lands, Rights of Common, and other Interests therein, great Advantage would arise to the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Knigktley, Mr. Powys, and Sir Thomas do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Floyer, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of West Knighton, in the County of Dcrfct, and Owner of nearly the Whole of the Lands and Estates within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, a certain Open Common Arable Field, and all’o certain Commons and Watte Lund-, or Heath, which, in their present Situation, are inca; able cf any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the Petitioner, and to the several other Persons who are interested in the said Open Common Field, Commons, and Waste Lands, if the fume were divided and inclosed, and Specific Allotments thereof made to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And thereof praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Field, Commons, and Waft Lands, or Heath, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ewer and Mr. Darner do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from the West End of Upton Bridge, in

Brix worth Inclosure

West

Knighton

Incicfurr.

Upton

Bridge*

&c.

Reads.

ip Geo. III. 29° Januarii — j0 Februarii. 99

the County of Worcester, the Parish of Tirley, in the County of Gloucester, and to the Parish of in the County of Hertford, and to the further Side of a Place called The Rid Greenin the Hoad to the City of Worcester, and through a Place called Robert's End Street, to Malvern Chace, in the said County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Refill cd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygoti, Mr. Yorke,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Ciock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Refiived, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, tdolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ir.<l McaaJ. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty, was read: And,

Mr. Robert Goldsmith being examined, said. That, by the said Act, the Road leading from the West Enel of the Town of Beacon field to within Half a Mile of the River Colne, was directed to be repaired, and the Trustees acting separately for the said Road have proceeded to amend the fame, and have borrowed the Sum of £. 700 upon the Credit of the Tolls arising the re-

from, a considerable Part of which remains unsatisfied, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be enlarged lb far as relate to the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Thfee Acts, pafl'ed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Fifteenth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from IVcndover to the Town of Buckingham, and other Roads in the County of Buckingham, so far as the same relate to the Road from the West End of the Town of Beaconfield, to within Half a Mile of the River Colne, near Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Waller, Mr. Staunton, and Mr. Drake, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Luna, i° Februarii j Anno 19* Georgii III'*1 Regis, 1779. Prayers.

Xoci-tham r\RD ERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-Writ, y* rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, in the room of Abel Smith, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given ji.thi.ro.aow to Reverend Arthur Onslow, Chaplain to this House, thanked, for the Sermon by him preached upon Saturday last, before this House, at Saint Margaret's Wfiminster.

Wtmto»er ^r- Waller reported from the Committee, to whom "0° the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in and Buckingham by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-Road. fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two several Acts of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, and acting separately for putting the said Acts into Execution, so tar as the fame, or either of them, relate to the repairing the Road from the West End of the Town of field, in the County of Bucks, to within Half a Mile of the River Colne, near Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex-, and also of the Mortgagee of the Tolls arising at the Toll Gate on the said last mentioned Road, and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons, residing near to, and frequently travelling on, the said Road, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Voi.. 37.

A Petition of the Right honourable Francis Seymour Binwn Conway, commonly called Lord Viscount Beauchamp, _ and and the Right honourable John Peyto Verney Lord loughby de Broke, Owners and Proprietors of Uninclosed and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Binton, and in the Hamlet of Drayton, in the Parish of Old Stratford in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there sre several.

Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in Binton and Drayton aforesaid, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be greatly increased in Value if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable;

Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Skipwith, General Conway, and Mr. Greville, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are $tockron thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of, or Inclosure. otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields,

Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor,

Parish, and Liberties, of Stockton, in the County of Wartvick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie inconveniently intermixed, and dispersed in ftnall Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and spe-cifio Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands ard Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Skipwith and Sir Charles Holte do prepare, and bring, in the fame.

A Petition

Aven

Dafiett

Inclosure.

H^rhcrhury

Inclosure.

100

i° Februar

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the Open and Common Fieids, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of in the County of Warwick., was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manor and Parish of Aven aforesaid, certain

Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, containing together, by Efti-mation, i,aoo Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners and others are the Owners and Proprietors of all the Lands, G rounds, Pastures, Commons, and Tithes, lying and arising within the said Parish, and, in respect of their Lands and Grounds, do enjoy Common of Pasture for their Cattle upon the said Open and Common Fields, by a determinate Stint, exclusive of all other Persons whomsoever; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others. Land Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, called iAven Dajjett Field, lie intermixed, and dispersed in final I Parcels, and are most of them inconveniently situated, by Reason whereof sufficient Quantity of Manure and Compost cannot, without great Difficulty and Expence, be conveyed to the fame, nor frequent Trespasses and Disputes among the Proprietors and their Tenants be prevented; and io long as the said Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, lie open and uninclosed, the same produce but little Profit to the Owners thereof, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that the Petitioners, and others, Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, are desirous that the same may be divided and inclosed, and that specific Parts thereof may be allotted to them, in Lieu of, and in Proportion to, their respective Lands, Grounds, Tithes, Common Right, and Interest, which would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners and the several Parties concerned, and be a- great Improvement of their Properties and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosiRg, the said Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, and for such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Skipzvith and Sir Charles Holte do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors of Lands, Tithes, and Commons, situate, lying, and being, in the Open and Common Fields, and Comtnon or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Ground', and Waste Land, within the Parish of lierberbury, otherwise Harbury, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are possessed of several Freehold Estates, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in fir. all Parcels over the said Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Waste Land, by Reason whereof great Inconveniences arile to the Petitioners, and others, the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Tithes, and Commons, lying and being in the same Fields, lb that very little Profit arises therefrom, and the same arc rendered incapable of Improvement in their present Situation; and that the said Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Waste Land, are very fit and proper to be divided and inclosed, which would be ot great Advantage to the several Freeholders,

A. 1779.

Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Tithes, and C minions, in and over the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pasture', Land', and Grounds, and Waste Land, within the Parish of Herberbury, otherwise Harbury, aforesaid, into just Allotments and Proportions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Skipwith and Sir Cha Holte do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for build* ing Two new Chapels, and providing Burial Places thereto, within the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, on Behalf of tiiemselves, and the other Trustees, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Act, the Petitioners are authorized to cause Two Chapels to be built within the said Town, one to be called Saint Mary, and the other Saint Paul; but in the said Act is contained a Clause, or Proviso, tha-, in case either of the said Chapels should not be sufficiently iinished for Divine Service, and consecrated, within Seven Years from the Time of puffing the said Act, the Petitioned are required to rc-convey the Land, on which the Laid Chapels were intended to be built, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and that the Petitioners have canted the said Chapel of Saint Mary to be built, finillied, and consecrated, agreeably to the Directions of the said Act, and have contrafted for building the Chapel of Saint Paul, which is now nearly compleated, but apprehend that the same cannot be sufficiently finished for Divine Service, and consecrated, within the Time allowed by the said Act: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for allowing such further Time for executing the Powers and Authorities of the said Act, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Skipwith, the Lord Beauchamp, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Badby, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very' advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the said Fieids, Lands, and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and Specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant

Birmingham

Chapels.

Badbv

Inclosure.

101

19 Geo. III. i°

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Tk-mas Skifrivith, Mr. P and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.-

C rOwm A Pel it ion of several Persons whose Names are there-xjJ). unto subscribed, who have lent and advanced Money on the Credit of an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George tl'.e Second, intituled, "An Act for amending,

" widening, m iking commodious, and keeping in Uepair, the Road from the Cross , otherwise Brickers " Bern, in the Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wills,

* to Bath Eafion Bridge, in tire County of and

silo of several Gentlemen of the said County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read'; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed by the said Act have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which now remains due, and great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Road; and that the Term granted by the said Act will expire at tire End of the present Sefiiori of Parliament, and, unless the same be further continued, the Money due cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That J -eave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Act for such further Term as the Houselhali think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Mr. Brett,

&c.: And they are to meet To morrow' Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bucklwd A Petition of the Lord Viscount Weymouth, Lord of Inclosure. the Manor of Buck land, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manor and Parish of Buck-land, several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pa (lures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, the sole Property of the Petitioner, subject to certain Lealcs for Lives, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the Petitioner, and the several other Persons intended therein, if the same w'ere divided and inclosed.and tpecific Allotments thereof made to them according to their respective Rights and Interells: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Bayntun and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

_mmfJ An Account of the Number of Men in the Pay of 1 in the Ireland, which are now serving in other Parts of His ay of Majesty’s Dominions, with the Amount of the Charge thereof to Ireland.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabic, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is prelcrved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Memorandum: An Elf invite similar to the above Account, w'as presented to the House on the joth of March, and is there entered.

VOL. 57.

Mr. Duudasreported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the General Afilnibly of the Church of Scotland, under the Common Seal of the said Church of Scotland-, and also the Petition of the Reverend Doctor James Macknight, on Behalf of the Trustees for managing the Fund established by Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Serond, for establishing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, were feve rally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the said Acts were read: And,

The Reverend Dr. Alexander Webjler being examined, laid. That the Fund established by virtue of the above-mentioned Acts has been found extremely beneficial; but that the Number of Annuitants has of late Years much increased, and is likely to continue augmenting, lb that the Fund is become inadequate to the Occasions of the Establishment, being limited to the Sum of £. 8o,oco. That, on an Average of Thirty Years past, Thirty Contributors to the Fund have died Annually', Twenty of whom have left Widows who have been entitled to Relief from the Fund. That there are at this Time Three hundred who want Assistance, and that the Number has amounted to Four hundred; and that a Capital of £. 100,000, together with the Annual Payments of the Contributors, i? not more thanlu/ficient to support that Number. And the Witness gave it as his Opinion, that permitting the Surplufcs, when any may arise, to accumulate till the Capital amounts to 100,000, will be the moll eligible Mode of increasing it to that Sum.

And being further examined, he said, That the granting of Loans to Contributors to the said Fund has been found very prejudicial, and should be discontinued. That it would be for the Benefit of the Fund, if Provision were made for allowing to every Widow marrying a Contributor, the Half of the Annuity she would be entitled to for Life if (he remained a Widow, while the Capital remains under £. 100,000, and the whole of the Annuity Ihc would be so entitled to, when the Capital shall amount to that Sum. That it would allb be beneficial to the Charity, if a Regulation were made, that whoever becomes a Contributor at the Age of Forty Years, shall pay the First Year, a Sum amounting to two Years and an Half Annuity of the Clals into which he shall be admitted. And he concluded with laying, That several other Amendments and Alterations in the said Abb are wanted, to render the same completely useful for the charitable Purposes thereby proposed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better railing and lecunng a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Mailers, in the Universities of Saint Andrews, G/af-gozv, Edinburgh, and Aberdeen; and for repealing Two Atls, made in the Seventeenth and Twenty-second Y’ears of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for those Purposes: And that Mr. Ditndas, Mr. Charles Dundas, and Mr. Ofivdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of Queen Anne, the Eighth of George the First, and the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highway between a certain Place called Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, and Sparrows

D d Herne,

Scotch Ci.'rg)’. W KiOtt S

Kilburn

Bridge,

kc.

Road.

*0 2 10 Februari-A. 1779.

Herne, in the County of , was presentect to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the Acts of Parliament before mentioned, great Sums of Money have been expended in repairing the said Highway; and there is now due upon the Credit of the Tolls, the Sum of 1,700; and that the Term of the said Acts is near expiring, and, unless the same is further Continued, and the Powers thereby granted enlarged, the Money owing as aforesaid cannot be paid off, and the Highway kept in good Repair: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Sir j'o-

feph Mawbey, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Ml

Hamicts A Petition bf several of the Commissioners for put-gmall Debts, 'n Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the &c. Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act lof the " more cafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts " within the Tower Hamlets," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Act, the Commissioners are requited to act’emble and hold a Court Twice in every Week, in a Court- Ioule, to be provided for that Purpose, and' to give Judgment and award Execution in certain Cafes of Debt, not amounting to Forty Shillings, within the District therein de fori bed, as to them shall seem just; and that the Place now used by the Commissioners for a Court -Mouse is very inconvenient, and, being an ancient Building, incapable of Repair, the Petitioners apprehend it to be necessary that a Court-House should be built, with proper Offices to the fame, for the better executing the Businessof the said Court; and that there are, in the Hands of the Clerks of the said Court, Monies which have been paid into the said Court, and have not been claimed for the space of Six Years and upwards after the Time that the same was so paid in, and for the Application of which no Provision is made by the said Act, -and there may be other Monies hereafter paid into the said Court, which mav never be called for or claimed; and therefore the Petitioners apprehend, that Power should be given for a proper Application of all such Monies; and that Doubts have ari.'en whether the Commissioners of the said Court can take Cognizance of Debts contracted for Rent, although the same do not amount to forty Shillings; and the present Mode of compelling Persons, Debtors or Defendants, to appear, hath been found to be so injurious to the? Suitors Complainants, as to hinder them frequently from obtaining the Relieffued for in the said Court; all which may be sufficiently remedied, it fume further Powers were given to the Commissioners in those Particulars, and as the Necessity of the same may require: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for providing a proper Court-House, and for the several other Purposes aforesaid, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Prc-mises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the floufe:

And it is referred lo Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mi. Whitworth, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-

ber; and have PovVer to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the mod: Noble Henry Duke of Beau-, fort, and ot her Grace the Duchels Dowager of Beaufort, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto Juhscribed, being Freeholders or Owners of Estates within the Parish of Stapleton, in the County of , was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Parish is Part ot a Common, or Waste, called Kings wood, which in its present open State is not so advantageous as the same would be if it was inclosed and divided into specific Allotments :, And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that M[.

Chesterand Sir William G Utifedo prepare, and bring in,

the lame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Cireiue/ler, in the County of Clou-cester, to Crick/ade, in the County of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Act has been continued to be putin Execution, and a considernble Progress has been made in amending the said Road, in the doing (ft which a Sum ot Money borrowed on the Credit of the Act, together with the Tolls, has been expended, which Sum still remains due, and that the said Debt cannot be paid oft’ and the Road completely repaired, and kept in Repair for the futu e, unless the Team be continued, and some Amendments made to the said Act: And therefore prnjing. That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir William Guise,

he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cireiue/ler to the down ot Stroud, and that Part of RodboioughIiills which leads to

bridge and also the Read leading from to-

wards Bijley, so far as the Bottom of Gnlph all in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Act has been continued to be put in Execution, to the great Benefit of the Country, and the Public in general; and that the Tolls collected thereon, together with a confiJcrable Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied, which Sum cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept m repair for the iuture* unless the Term of the said Acff, which, with the additional One given by the Broad-wheel Act, is near expiring, be continued, and some Amendments made to the Power: and Provisions thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, in Inch Manner as to the House shall Lem meet.

Crdcrcc/, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it

x 0

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred Iq Mr. Chester, Sir William Gulfia

&c.:

Kingswcc]

iudosure.

Cirencester \

to

Crlcklade

Road.

Cirencester

to

Stroud

Road.

i9 Geo. III.

Februarii.

loj

&c.: And they are to fntet To-rriofrovv Morning, af Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to (end for Persons, 'Papers, and Records.

puke of A Petition of the most Noble Duke of

castle was presented to the House, and read; Setting nkfA- *"r,h» That the Petitioner is foiled of divers Lands and m 1' Tenements within the Parish of in the County of Nottingham, which are subject to the Payment of Tithes to the Reverend--------- Booth, the Vicar there-

of; and that it would be very convenient to the Petitioner, and advantageous to the said Vicar, and his Successors, if the said Lands and Tenements were exonerated from the Payment of Tithes, and a proper Compensation made in lieu thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, undcf such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ambler, Mr. E/zves, and Mr. Staunton, do prepare, and bring in; the lame.

ifthmgton A Petition of the Right honourable Frederick Earl LJoture. Carlisle, Lord of the Manors of,

dale, and Newby, in the Parish of Ethinyl on, in the County of Cumberland, and of several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said Manors and Parish, in the said County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Manors and Parish several Open and Common Fields, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but it the same were inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the Lid Lands might be put in a State of Cultivation, and greatly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-iuant to the Prayer of the said Petition. And that Mr.

Stour and Mr. Fletcher do prepare, and bring in, the

lame.

Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Manufacturers, Tradeiincn, and Dealers, within the Hundreds of

Batnjhury, Selklcv, Szvanborough, and and

in the County of Wilts, all which Hundreds are joining each other, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That many Persons, employed within the said Hundreds and Pari Hies, frequently contract Debts under Forty Shillings; and although well able, refuse to pay the same, preluming on the Difficulties their Creditors are Under by the tedious and expCnfive Way of suing for their Debts; And therefore praying. That Dave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts within the said several Hundreds and Parishes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penruddock, Mr. Goddard, kc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Pet Tons, Papers, and Records.

irlifle Mr. Fietclift presented to the ffioufe, according to tnmb Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, fnade

D8u. \

Vol. 37.

in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of,

to the Town of Penritli, irt the County of Cumberland, And from the said Town of Penrith, to Emont Bridge, which divides l he Counties of Cumberland and morelmul: And the feme was received j and read the First Time.

Rejdved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Hynde Colton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in F.xecution an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for draining and " preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying " in the South I.cvel, Part of the Great Level of the " Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, and in the " County of Cambridge, between the River Cam, otherwise Grant, West, and the Hardlands of,

" Swaffham Bulbeck, and Prior, East; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs; and Com-" morialty, of the Company of Conlervators of the " Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford " Level, to fell certain Fen Lands lying within the " Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invejled Lands and of several other Owners and Occupiers of Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying within the Limits aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Diainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read , and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Abt was read: And,

Mr. William Pouiter being examined, said, That a

considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, which has been laid out and expended in carrying on the Works of the said Drainage; and that £.3,890 now remains due, which has been borrowed upon Bond, besides several Sums for which no Security is given. Then,

Mr. Canforth Manning being examined, feid, That the Boundary of the D.strict comprized in the said Act is in some Parts too confined; and that it would be more commodious, and laser for the Drainage, if it was carried nearer the High Lands.

That the Tolls authorized to be taken on the Navigation, are very' inadequate for keeping the Loads and the Banks of the Loads in Repair; that Persons on Horseback pals over the said Banks, and allb drive Cattle over the fame, to the great Damage thereof; that the Commissioners have been at great Expence in snaking the said Y orks, and cannot any longer support the neceflhry Banks, unless Power is given to increaie the Tolls laid on the Navigation, and also to demand Tolls on Persons travelling on Horlcback, or driving Cattle over the said Banks.

That by the said Act an Encouragement was given to the Owners of Lands which had been dug cut into Plods of Turf Pools, in order to improve the tame, by Charging them with only One Half of the 'lax that the other Lands of the same Sort, not dug, were charged, for the First Seven Years; that the said Term is now expired, and the Improvement of the said Lands operates lb slowly, that there hath not been a sufficient Time to bring them into such a State, as to enable the Owners thereof to pay the whole Tax; and it is necessary that a Power should be verted in the Commissioners to apportion the Taxes to be charged on the said Dug Lands, at different Times, in Proportion to the Improvements made therein. That some Grounds in

the

Bedford

Level

Draiuage.

Bucknell

Inclosure.

House’s

Name.

A Member take* Oaths.

104 1D Februdrii. . 177 9.

the Parish of Dittou have been damaged through Works done by the Commissioners, with a view to the general Good of the Drainage, and a great Arrear of Tax is due thereon, which the Commissioners have not a Power of discharging. That many of the Lands called Adventure Lends, besides the Tax imposed on them by the Commifli mrs (which Tax is as much as many of them are capable of bearing) are likewise subject to a Taxation from the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called The Bedford Level; by Means whereof many of the said Adventure Lands are become forfeited, and the Tax loft to the Commissioners.

That the Powers given to the Fen Reeves, and several other of the Powers granted by the said Act, are in-sufficient for the Purposes thereby intended.

Mr. Poufter confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Manning j and both the V\ itnesses added, That it is necessary the le-veral Powers prayed f rbv the Petition should be granted, in Order to carry the said Act effectually into Execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens,

" commonly called Bedford Level, and in the County " of Cambridge, between the River Cam, otherwise Grant, West, and the Hardlands of Syjaff-

" ham Bulbed, and Swaffikam Prior East; and for im-

" powering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of " the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of " the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid,

commonly called InvestedLands:" And that Sir

Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, Mr. and Mr.

Gould, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Fiennes Trotman, Esquire, Lord of the Manor- of Bucknell, in the County of , and Owner of Lands and Commons in the Open and Common Fields, called Bucknell Common Fields, in the Pari fit of Bucknell aforesaid, and the Reverend Robert Fitter, Clerk, Rector of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, called Bucknell Common Fields, the Whole of which (except some small Pieces or Parcels of Glebe Land) are the Property of the said Fiennes Trot-man, and the said Pieces or Parcels of Glebe Land belong to the said Robert Filter, as Rector of Bucknell aforesaid; and that if the said Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands were divided and allotted between the Petitioners, according to their respective Properties therein, and the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioner, the said Fiennes Trotman, were discharged from Tithes, and a Compensation made to the Rector of the said Parish in lieu thereof, and the Petitioners were impowered to indofe the said Lands and Grounds, it would be a great Benefit to their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Page , Lord Charles Spencer, and the Lord Wenman,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable William House the Younger, and others therein described, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Newell, pursuant to the Will of William Newell, deceased: And the same was received:

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made ana subscribed the Declara-7

tion, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The laid Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Derby, and of the West Riding of the County of York, Whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near G Lane, in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the County of York, and also the Road branching out of the said Road at or near Mojbrough Green, by Way of Eckington, and

Barlbrcugh, to Clown, in the County of Derby, are in many Places ruinous, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Cavuidish, Lord Richard Cavendish, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the {everal Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manor of Ashover, in the County of Derby, and in respect thereof entitled to Right of Common upon ncrtai.i Commons and Waste Grounds within the Menu, ut A,hover aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the {everal Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor, in their prefect Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the same were divided anti allotted amongst the several Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be a considerable Improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under i'uch Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. , and Lord Richard

Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or interested in, the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of HaJJand, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the said Manor, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; but if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be a considerable Improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Curzon, and Lord Richard dish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord George Gavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and

Powers

Gar.dtr Lane 10

Sheffield,

Read.

A (hover Incioiune.

Haflaod

inciolurc.

Sheffield

&c.

Rood.

Hexham

Road.

onmux

Nat.

gfttorpe,

*c.

cldtire.

i o Geo. III. i ° FebruariiI o5

Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-first: Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads " from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, through " the Towns of Hathersage, , and to

" Sparrowpit Gate, in the County of Derby, and from " the Guide Post, near Barber's Fields Cupola, through " Grindleford Bridge, Great H Ftdjwell, Hardgate, " Wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the County of " Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Algernon Percy reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being several of the Trustees appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road from Alemoulh,

" through the Town of Almto Rothbury, and " from thence to the Town of Hexham; and also the " Road leading out of the aforesaid Road between " Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the " County of Northumberland,'' was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee h id examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Lettany being examined, said. That a con-

liderable Progrds has been nude in amending the said Road; in the doing of which the Tolls, and a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied; but that the Roads cannot be compleatly repaired, and maintained in future, nor can the Debt lublifting thereon be discharged, unless the Tolls are increased, some further Powers granted, and the Term of the Act, which is near expiring, be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from through the Town of Alnwick, to Rothbury, and from thence to the Town of Hexham; and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road between Alnwick and Rothbury; "Vo Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland; and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Roads: And that Lord Algernon Percy and Sir William Middleton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Peter Daille Bonnevaux was presented to the House, and read; Praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Ralph Payne and Mr. Stephens do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Owners or Proprietors of, or Persons otherwise interested in, the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, herein after mentioned, was pre-tented to the House, and r ead; Setting forth, That there are, within the Parishes of Mumby cum

Chapel, and Anderby, in the County of Lincoln, certain Open and Uninclosed Arable Fields, Fens, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Grounds, computed to contain, in the Whole, 2,500

VOL. 37.

Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; but if the same tvere inclosed, and specitic Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to all the Parties interested therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above mentioned, subject to such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlozv Bertie, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Vyner, and Mr. thorpe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Owners or Proprietors of, or Persons otherwise interested in, the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Parish of Huttoft, in the County of Lincoln, certain Open and Uninclosed Arable Fields, Ings, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands, computed to contain, in the Whoie, 1,700 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; but if the same were inclosed, and specitic Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to all the Parties interested therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for effecting the Purposes above mentioned, subject to such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Vyner, and Mr. thorpe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

A Petition of the principal Traders, Inhabitants, and Occupiers of Lands, within the Soake of , and

Wapentakes of Gar tree, Louth, Ejke, Ludborough, and Calce-worth, in the Parts of Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several extensive Branches of Trade and Business carried on within the said Soake and Wapentakes, and many Persons therein contract small Debts, who, although able, refuse to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragement which Creditors lie under from proceeding for the Recovery of such Debts by the present Forms of Law, on Account of the great Expences and Delays which attend the same in the County Court, which is upwards of Thirty Miles distant from the greatest Part of the Parishes, Villages, Hamlets, and Places, within the said Soake and Wapentakes; and that, if there was an easy and speedy Method of recovering small Debts within the said Soake and Wapentakes, the same would greatly contribute to promote Industry, and encourage Trade and Credit therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts in the Parishes, Villages, Hamlets, and Places, within the said Soake and Wapentakes, under such Regulations and restrictions as to the House shall appear just and reasonfable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to tend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Coni in on Pastures, Moors, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Amcotts, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

K e Resolved

Huttoft

inclosure.

HomcafUr;

it c. Small Debts.

Amcotts

inclosure.

106 i° Februarii. . 1779.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Brattleby A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, ImMure. |_,an(iS} ancj Grounds, in the Panfii of Brattleby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Willingham Lord Brozvn/ow Bertiepresented to the FToule, accord-

inclosure. ing £0 Qr(jer) a gju for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Furze, Leys, Stinted Common Pa(-tures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Willingham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

East Horsley A Petition of several Owners of Lands and F-states Inclosure. within the Manor oi Enfl Horsley, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Manor, in the Parishes of East Horsley and Ockham, several Open Common Fields, Commons, and Wallc Lands, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement , but if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights, Shares, and Interests, the same might be cultivated and improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Annesley, Mr. Onslow, and Mr. Horton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

CongrcfWy, A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are T fc-thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of

nc o uie. panc|s anc] Kfhatcs, within the Parishes of Cor.gr cfbury, Puxton, Week, Saint and in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parishes, certain Open Lot Meadows, the Property of the Petitioners, and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested in the said Lot Meadows, if the same were divided, and allotted in Perpetuity to the several Owners and Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting in Perpetuity the said Meadows, in such Manner, and under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Phelips, and Mr. Chester do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

West Witton Mr. Chaytorpresented to the House, according to Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common Stinted Pasture, and a certain Mooroi Common, within the Manor of WeJlWitton, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

D.iruen A Petition oi the Right honourable Catharine Lady Moor Starch m, Lady of the Manor or Lordship of Nether Incloiuie. Darwen, otherwise Lower in the Parish of

18

Blackburn, in the County of Lancaster, and of ti e other Persons whose Names are thereunder written, being Parties interested in the Commons herein after men-tinned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting filth, That, within the said Manor or Lordship, ami the Vill, Hamlet, or Townfltip, of Nether Darwen, otherwise Lower Darzven, and Parish of Blackburn, there is a large Common, cr Tract of Waste Land, called Lower Darzven Moor, containing boo Acres, or thereabouts, Statute Measur, which the Petitioners apprehend might be greatly improved, if the same was inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments amongst the said Lady Stouten, as Lady of the said Manor or Lordship, and the other Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Egcrtcn, and Major Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed by an Act of cSp?’’n

i- rr J r bmitnv#

1 Parliament, passed in the I wenty-sixth 1 ear or the &r; Reign of his late Majesty King G the Second, in- Road, tituled, " An Act for repairing and widening the Roads " from Spann Smiths, in the Township of through " the Town of Midd/ezvich, and by Spittle Hill, in " Stanthorn, to Winsfurd Bridge, and from Spittle Hill,

" to the Town of Northwich, in the County Palatine " of Che/ler,"was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the said Act, and the Powers thereby granted, took Place from the 24th Day of June 1753, and were to continue in Force for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and are now depending on the further Continuance granted by the general Highway and Turnpike Acts; and that the Toils and Duties collected by virtue of the said Act of the Twenty-sixth of his late Majesty, and the several Sums borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied in repairing the said Roads, which are greatly improved, but there remains due of the Money taken up on the Credit of that Act, the Sum of £.3,000, and upwards; and that the said Roads, by Reaion of the many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, and from the Nature of the Soil, which is a ftilf Clay, will soon become in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, nor can the said Debt be discharged, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act of the Twenty-sixth of his late Majesty be further continued and enlarged:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to 'bring in a Bill for that Purpose, for such Term as to ,-tlic. House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the liiid Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Egerton, Mr.

Townjhtnd, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Cranage, in Cranage the County Palatine of Chester, and of the Freeholders, Inclosure. and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Right of Common, or other Interest, in the Commons or Waste Grounds, in the Township of Cranage, within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Commons or Waste Grounds are computed to contain Eight hundred Statute Acres, or thereabouts; and the Petitioners, being delirous to improve their several Estates there, have proposed and agreed, that the said Commons or Waste Grounds shall be divided and inclosed:

And

io Geo. III. i° Fehruafiii 107

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to inclose the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Egerton, Mr. Crewe, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Pembroke A Petition of several of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Pembroke, and of several Freeholders and Inhabitants, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Common Gaol belonging to the said County, situate at Haver/or din:!}, is not only inconvenient for the Purposes intended, but is also art ancient Building, greatly gone to Decay, and in a dangerous State; and that the said Gaol Hands in a low, unhealthy, and confined Situation, and it is ab-lolutely necessmy that a new Gaol should be erected for the Uleof the said County in a more commodious and healthy Place: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the erecting and building such new Gaol, by such Ways and Weans, and in l'uch Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cor.15uerr.tion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Oiven of Pembroke, Mr. Rice, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber $ and have Power to tend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

F.lco't A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of cer-lutlofure. tain Fields and Commonable I-ands, in the Tithing of Eicon, in the Parish of in the County of

Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Tithing, several Common Fields and Common Grounds, which, in their prei'ent State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if the said Lands were divided and inclosed, the same would be much improved in Value: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields and Commonable Lands, under such Regulations and llestrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Winchcombe Hanky and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Thlrlk, A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Lid Act, nude in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Thir/k,

" over Skipton Bridge, through Baldersby to Ba/derjby " Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, in the Way to " B.ism, and through /Underby, and

" field, by Well FlnjhcsGate, to in the County of York', and likewise for removing the Toll House " and Turnpike Gates at in the said

" County, to some other convenient Place in the Road " leading from Bcroughbridgeto the City of Durham," was read a Second Time.

Rtfoked, That the Bill be committed to Sir Herbert Mih'i{worth, Mr. Frankland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

:re A Petition of the Reverend George Clerk,

lure. Hector cl the Parish and Parish Church of Loire, in the County of Leicester, and of the several other Periods whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of Land or Right of Common in the Open Fields of Leire aierefai.l, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the

Vol. 37.

Persons interestod therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it would be very advantageous to all Persons interested in the said Fields, to . have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, according to their Property therein, to be held in Severalty for ever: And therefore praying, That Ijeave may be given to bring in a Bill lor dividing and inclosing the said Fields, in such Manner as to the House final 1 teem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Piayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Hunger ford and Mr. Darker do prepare, and bring in, the lame;

Mr. Hungerfordreported from the Committee, to whom Leicester, the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in ic-execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty- oai)‘ sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repairing the Road from the Borough of " Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town " of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the said County," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of

April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Bruce, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the Act in execution, and have made a Progreis in repairing the said Road; that the Toils have been duly applied, together with a large Sum of Money taken up at Interest, and which remains not paid off; and that the said Debt cannot be discharged, nor the Road be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fixch Year of the Reign of his Jate Majesty, for repairing t he Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the said County: And that Mr. Hungerford,

Sir John Palmer, and Mr. Darker, do prepare, and bring in the lame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by Dewsbury virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty- to second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Dewjbury to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That several Parts of the said Road have been repaired and improved, and other Parts thereof diverted, by the Purchase of Lands for that Purpose with Money taken up at Interest, and charged upon the Tolls directed to be raised by the said Act; and such new Roads have like-wife been made, but all the said Road still continues to require frequent Repairs; and that several convenient Alterations may yet be made, by diverting, and altering, or widening, several Parts of the said Road, for the greater Eafc and Convenience of Persons travelling thereon; and several other Repairs and Amendments are necessary for the Improvement of the said Road; but the Term and Powers granted by the said Act are near expiring: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and making such other Provision as shall be found necessary for supporting and carrying the £«ne into execution.

Ordered,

io8

1° Februarii.

A. 1779.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House *.

And it is referred to Sir George Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ecclesell A Petition of several Freeholders, and Owners of Inclosure. Lands, lying within the Manor and Township of Ec-clefall, in the Parish of Sheffield, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Township, several Open Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, cannot be cultivated to the bed Advantage; but if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Petitioners, and others intereded, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests, the fame-might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several Open Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Cotton

and

Linen

Manufactory*

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the establishing a Manufactory, for making and printing Cotton and Linen Cloths upon a more extensive Plan than has hitherto been practised, would be of great Benefit to the Kingdom, and tend to increase the public Revenues arising from the Duties laid thereon; but such Manufacture cannot be established, and completely carried into Execution, without a very large Capital or Joint Stock; and that several Persons are willing to subscribe considerable Sums of Money for the Purpose of establishing and carrying on the said Manufactory, but are appre-hensive that Difficulties may arise, as well in recovering Debts which may grow due to the Proprietors of the said Manufactory, as also in defending Suits or Actions, which may be commenced by, or brought against them, for any Matter or Thing relative to the said Manufactory, as by Law all the several Proprietors, Subscribers to the said Manufactory, mult, in such Cases, sue and be ,sued, implead and be impleaded, by their several and distinct Names and Descriptions; and many Persons, who are not now liable to become Bankrupts within the Intent and Meaning of the Laws now in use concerning Bankrupts, are delirous to become Subscribers thereto, but are fearful they may thereby be liable to have Commissions of Bankruptcy issued against them as Traders, which Inconveniences cannot be completely removed without the Aid and Assistance of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to form them, and every other Person and Persons who shall hereafter, either in their own Right, or as Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in Right of any Persons become Proprietors of, or intereded in, any Part or Share of the said joint Capital Stock, or Fund, into a distinct and separate Body Politic and Corporate, with such Liberties and Privileges as shall be necessary for carrying the before-mentioned Plan into Execution, and subject to such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall appear proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Chaytor, Mr. Townshend,

13

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Reverend the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of and the Blessied

Mary the Virgin, of Worcester, Lords of the Manor of Himbleton, in the County of and Patrons of the Parish Church of Himbleton, and Impropriators of all the Great Tithes arising within the said Parish, subject to subsisting Leases of the same to their Lessees Edward Baker and Nathaniel and likewise Pro-

prietors of great Part of the Common Fields, and of the other Lands within the said Manor and Parish, subject to Grants thereof by Copy of Court Roll; and the Reverend Dig by Smith, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Church of Himbleton aforesaid, and in Right of his Vicarage entitled to the Glebe Land belonging to the said Vicarage, and to all other Vicarial or Small Tithes arising within the said Parish; and of several other Owners of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish and Manor, several Open or Common Fields, and also certain Parcels of Common and Waste Land, belonging to the Petitioners, and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, and Common and Waste Land, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall appear reasonable and proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Foley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Francis Fortescue Yurvile, of Bosworth Hall, in the County of Leicester, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Idbury, in the County of Oxford, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That there are, within the Hamlets of Bowld, and Fofcott, in the Parish of Idbury, in the said County, certain Open and Common Fields, and Waste Lands, confiding of upwards of 1,542 Acres, all which are the Estate of the Petitioner Francis Fortescue Turvile, except Eight Acres belonging to the Church of Idbury aforesaid, and that the said several Lands and Grounds lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, and the dividing and inclosing the same would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, of Idbury, Boivld, and Fofcott aforesaid, under such Provisions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Lygon and Mr. Wenmando prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge at Worcester over the River Severn, and for opening convenient Avenues to the said Bridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of £.5,320 upon the Credit of the Tolls, which Money, and also the Tolls and other Money collected and received by virtue of the said Act, have been applied towards building

Himbleton

Inclosure.'

Idbury,

&LC.

Inclosure*

Worcester

Bridge.

t9 Geo AIL

> — 2? Februarii.

109

the said Bridge; and great? Progress hath been made-therein, but the Petitioners find it will require a very-considerable additional Sum, over and above the Pro*-duce of the present Tolls, to enable them to finish and complete the said Bridge, and to open convenient' Avenues to the fame; agreeable to the Directions of the said Act; and reprelerrting to the House, that the-old Btidge is of late greatly decayed, and become very dangerous for Passengers, and-it the Passage over the fame should by any Accident be Hopped, it would be a great Detriment to the Inhabitants of the said' City, and Parts adjacent, and to all Persons who may have Occasion to pass over the said River at the City of Worcester: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for raising a sufficient Fund, to enable the Petitioners to finish and Complete the said Bridge, and to execute the several Purposes of the said Act, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Waljli, the Lord Clive, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mariners Mr. Stephenspresented to the House, according to and Order, a Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and umen. <seamen to serve jn His Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Pee hell:

Mr. Speaker,

Percy’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to mice, t]ic Marriage had between the Right honourable Hugh Baron Percy, Lucy, Fitzpaine, Bryan,

and Latimer, and the Right honourable Ann Baronels Percy his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

laws A Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being relating relating to Sewers, was, according to Order, read a Stum Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 9th Day of this Instant February, re-selve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

"PPlv- Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Wav* Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 37.

Mart is, 2° die Feb;

Anno. 19° Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

A, P E TITI O N. of several principal Landholders,. Importation l Merchants, and Traders in Corn, in the Isle of ^orn* Wight, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the Importation and Exportation, of Corn, it is enacted, that any Foreign Corn may be brought into, and landed at, the Ports of Bristol, Berwick, Beaumaris, Dover, Exeter, Fal-

mouth, Harwich, Hull, London, Lynn, Lancnjier, Liverpool, Milford, Newcastle, Newhaven, Poole, South amp-,

ton, Stockton, Whitehaven, Yarmouth, Aire, Leith, Glasgow, Aberdeen, and Kirkwall, at any Time when the Duties not repealed by the said Act shall be due, provided such. Corn be deposited in Warehouses, to be provided by the Importer, and secured under thejoinC Locks of His Majesty, and the Importer; and that such Corn shall not be delivered out of such Warehouses, to be confirmed in this Kingdom, but on Payment of such Duty as may be due thereon, or, if for Re-exportation, on giving Security to export the fame; and the Petitioners conceive, that, this Regulation has in View the Encouragement of Merchants, in laying up Stocks of Foreign Corn, to bring out on Emergencies of Scarcity and Dearth in this Kingdom, as well as supplying Foreign Countries therewith, a ’Branch of Trade hitherto enjoyed by the Dutch, who import Corn from the Baltic, which mult neceflai ily be brought

from that Sea the latter End of the Summer, whereas the Wants of this Kingdom, and of the Southern Parts of Europe, are seldom known till the Winter, or early in the Spring, when such a Store would be a Source for supplying their Wants; and that the general Good intended by the Regulations of the said Act is much circumscribed by the Limitation of that Privilege tQ the Ports above mentioned, which Experience has shewn are not sufficient nor the most convenient for fulfilling the intended Purposes; and that the principal Trade in the Isle of Wight is the Corn Trade, and the Traders therein, from their Connections and Dealings in the Exportation of British Corn, when the same is permitted, are consequently Dealers and Importers of Foreign Corn, when such is wanted for the Consumption of this Kingdom, in which Branch of Bufinel's they are much rcltrained, and exposed to many Inconveniences and Expences, from the Port of Cowes not being named and qualified by the said Act for storing Foreign Corn; and that the Port of Cowes is not only conveniently situated for storing such Foreign Corn, for the Consumption of this Kingdom, but is peculiarly so . for Re-exportation to Foreign Countries, having many Warehouses and Granaries situated on Wharfs at which Ships of Burthen can lay afloat to load and unload, and which were heretofore built for the Rice Trade from Carolina, a Branch of Business now in entire Stagnation, and therefore, if the Privilege of landing and storing Foreign Corn be extended to the said Port of Cowes, or made general, it would not only be advantageous to the Petitioners and others concerned in the Corn Trade, but also benefit, and tend to increase the general Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom; and representing to the House, that, when the Prices of Com exceed the Rate prescribed by Law for Exportation, the Articles of Corn, Flour, Bread, and Starch, become subject to the Laws relating to Goods prohibited to be exported, and of course not permitted to be carried Coastwise, without Bond being given, a Cocket taken out, and Certificate returned, which peculiarly affects the Petitioners, who, from their insular F f Situation,

Million

See.

Inclosure.

Shaw Hill, to

Coombe

Road,

I io .2° Februani A. 1770

Situation, have no other Conveyance but by Sea to and from the neighbouring Markets, and the Fees and Charges of the said Bonds, Cockets, and Certificates, contribute much in Times of Scarcity (when only this Regu'ation takes Place) to enhance the Prices of Com and Bread: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Privileges granted by the said Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty to the several Ports and Places therein mentioned, and since granted to several other Ports, may be extended to the Port of Cowes, in the Isle of Wight; and that the Expence and Inconvenience before Hated, of taking out Bonds, Cockets, and Certificates, in carrying Corn, Flour, Bread, and Starch, Coatl-wife (which, on divers Occasions of Temporary Laws heretofore made, have been provided against) may remedied; and that the Officers of Customs shall not receive any Fee or Reward for such Bonds, Cockets, or Certificates (Stamps excepted) for removing, or carrying any Corn, Flour, Bread, or Starch, to or from the Isle of Wight, and any Market, Port, or Place, with-

in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for confirming and establishing the Division and Allotment of the Common or Open Fields, and Common Downs, within the Manor of and

Brigmerfton, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr* Pen-ruddock, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord William Seymour, Ezekiel Dickenson, Esquire, Paul Newman, Esquire, Robert Halbert, Gentleman, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Melkftiam, through Lane,

sham, Riddestone, and West Tat ton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Coombe, in the Parish of Castle Coombe, in the County of Wilts; and that the Trustees appointed by the said Act borrowed at different Tunes, of the Petitioners, and others to whom the Petitioners are Assignees, the Sum of ft. 750, and employed the same in the Amendments and Reparations of the said Road, and, fir securing the Repaynv.tit thereof with I nt ere ft, the said Trustees assigned to the Petitioners, and the other Creditors, the Tolls granted by the said Act; and that the said Sum of ft-7$°, and a considerable Arrear of Interest, yet remains due thereon, and the Petitioners are advised that the Term of Twenty-one Years, for which the said Act was granted, will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament; and that the said Trustees have not given such Notices as are required by the Rules of the House, nor taken any steps to obtain a Continuation of the said Act, apprehending (as the Petitioners are informed) that the said Act was entitled to the additional derm of Five Years, given by an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late M nelly, intituled, "An Act " to amend an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of " his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the " Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the " Luvs relating thereto;" and that, in Consequence of such Neglect of the said Trustees, the Petitioners, and the other Creditors for the said Sum of £.750, will be, alter the Expiration of this present Session of Parliament, without any Security for the fame, and the In-

*0

terest due thereon: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises.into Consideration, and to grant to the Petitioners such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penned Jock, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Benjamin Toms, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Michael, in the City, of Coventry, and of the several other Persons whole Names are therunto subscribed, Occupiers of Houses, Buildings, and Gardens, within the said Parish of Saint Michael, for and on Behalf of them lei ves and the relt of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Right of Patronage of the above-mentioned Benefice or Vicarage is vested in the King’s Majesty, in Right of His Crown; and that there have been certain ancient Rates and Payments made to the said Vicar and his Prcdecef-lors. Vicars of the said Parish, which compose the Principal, and almost the Whole, of the Emoluments arising to the said Vicar, but the same are now become an incompetent. Provision, and inadequate to the Duty required to be performed in the said Parish; and that, by a Statute passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for the Payment of Tithes in the Citie of Coventry eft a Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound was charged upon the Occupiers of all Houses, Buildings, and Gardens, within the said‘City and Suburbs, and made payable to the Vicars of the respective Parishes therein, but no Payment or Claim hath ever been made under the said Act within the said Parish of Saint Michael, and if enforced, would now become an intolerable Burthen on the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and a Subject of endlcls Expence and Litigation; and that the present Vicar and Parirtiioners of the said Parish have come to an Agreement between themselves to raile, by a Rate in those Parts of the said Parish which lie within the said City and Suburbs, certain Sums of Money to be paid to him, and his Successors, Vicars of the said Pa* rilli, in lieu of the said ancient Rates and Payments, and of all Rights and Claims that can or may arise under the said Act: And therefore praying. That

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing the said Agreement, and for repealing to much of the said Act of the Fourth and Fifth of Philip and Mary as relates to the said Parish of Saint Michael, with such Powers, Clauses, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to' the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Air. Teo, Mr. Elwcs, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.; and have Power to fend for Persons, papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Rigiit honourable William Lord Craven, and the humble Petition of Sir "Joseph Andrews, Baronet, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of certain Lands within the Parish of Speen, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pafiures, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and are not, in their present State, capable of any cdnfidcrable Improvement; but

St.

(Coventry)

Times/

Spien

Inclosure*

19 Geo. III.

Febfuarii.

tit

if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, it would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and the other Persons interested therein: And therefore praying,

Tim Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as to the Houl'e shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Winth combe Hartley and Mr, Elutes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Richmond A Petition of several Owners of £statec, situate in

(Surrey) the Town and Parish of Richmond, in the County of Embankment gt, rrn^ having Right of Frontage upon the River Thames, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, and of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge crob the said River at Richmond aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Channel and Current of the said River, running on the Side neared to the Frontage of the Estates lying in the said Town, so as to pass upon the fame, and more especially in Tunes of Flood, would wear away the fame, if they were not in several Places defended by Planking, Piling, or YValiing, at a very great and unequal Expence; and that the Force of the said Current, in case the Owners of such Estates should neglect to defend their particular Bank?, might greatly endanger the Abutment of the said Bridge standing on the Bank of the said River ar the said Town; and that the Petitioners, having very valuable Freehold, Copyhold, and LeafehoJd Interests in the Houses, Wharfs, and Grounds, within the said Town and Parish, fronting the said River, are deiirous of executing one general and regular Embankment in the Fronts of such Estates, and at the Abutment of the said Bridge: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making such Embankment, of such Dimensions, and in such Manner, and with such Powers, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Po~j:nall, Mr. Onslow, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records#

Tmmfor a Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Road. Execution Three several Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the Eighth anti Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Thtenjor, and the most Northern Part ot Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford, and also of the Creditors who have lent Money upon the Credit of the Tolls ari/ing from the Bars eroded upon the said Road, by virtue of, and under, the said Acts, and also of several other Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others, residing in the County of Stafford, near to the said Road, whole Names are thereunto respectively fub-fcrioccl, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that the several Terms, granted by the said Acts, are all expired, and the additional Term of Five Years, granted by an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, called The Broad Wheel Act, is also near expiring; and that there is now owing upon the Credit of

Vox.. 37;

the said Acts the Sum of ,900, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually repaired, and kept in Order, unless the said Acts are farther continued* and made more effectual; and that the Road from Darla fi one Bridge, over Tittcnjsr Heath, through the Village of Tiltenfcr, is in bad Condition, narrow in many

Places, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law; and that the Powers and Provisions, granted by the former Acts are deficient, there being no Power so divert any part of the said Roads, which, it would be of great Ule j to the Country, and contribute much to the Improvement of the Road, if the Trustees were enabled to do: And therefore prayitig. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual the said former Act's; and for repairing and widening the said Road from Dar/ajione , over the Common called Tit lev. for Heath, through the said Village of Tit ten for, with suitable Powers and Provisions to enable the Trustees to divert and turn the said Roads* where it may be necessary, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mr.

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-cords.

Sir 'Thomas Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Stratford upon Aver., to Edghill, in the County of Warwick; and for repealing the several Laws now in Force relating to the said Road, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tl:e Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second lime, One by One; and, upon the Question several put thereupon, w'ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from a certain Place in Bury, in the County of Huntingdon,

" through War boys. Old HurjlSaint Ives, Hilton, " tijley, iVarejley, Camlingay, and Potion, to a House

" called 7 he Spread Eagle, in Stratton, within the several

" Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford *' was read a Second Time.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be committed to the L'ird HiiicAinp brook, Mr. Toven'll end, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, on Behalf ot themirlves and others, O whers and Proprietors of Lands, Builders and Occupiers of Houses, in Sivinton Street, Aftcn Street, Confiitu-tion RoiVy and several other Streets and Places, situated on the Side of, or near to, the Turnpike Road leading from the North End of Gray's Inn Lane, to the new Roa I near Battle Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Rarer as, in the County of Miildlesex, as also of the several Inhabitants in Gray's Inn Lone, Lamb's Conduit Street, Red Lion Street, Red Lion Square, Queen s Square, Ormond

Street,

Sttttfford Upon AvOfl Road#

Bury Road#

Gray’s Tnn Lane Turnpike*

Cray’s Inn Lane Turnpike.

11a a* Febrmriu 1779.

Street, Muilman Street, James Street, Bedford Kings

Road, John Street, Hatton Garden, Gray's bin, and other Streets, Squares, and Places thereabouts, who have Occasion to travel or pals by Way of Gray's Inn Lane Road, and the New Road, to the East End of the City of London, and to the Great Essex Road, as also to the Edgware Road near Paddington, and to the Great Western Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed to put in Excu-tion an Act:, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and " render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate house and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said

" Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and " also to continue and render more effectual an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads " leading to Highgate Gate-hous and Hampstead, and " from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilburn Bridge, to make a " new Road from the great Northern Road at " to the Edgzvare Road near Paddington, lb far ae

" the same is, by the said Act, directed to be under " the Care and Management of the Trustees of the " laid First-mentioned Acts; and for making a Road " from the said New Road, near Queen's R.ozv, to Bagnigge IVafti, and for watching, lighting, and watering,

" the said Roadsdid, by virtue of the Powers, and in Conformity to the Directions, contained in the General Turnpike Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, let to farm, by public Auction, the Tolls that might lawfully be demanded and taken at the following Gates on the said Road, that is to say, Tottenham Court Gate, Battle-Br.dge Gate, Saint John's Street Gate, Gof-zvell Street Gate, Cold Bath Street Gate, Holloway Gate, Bairs Pond Gate, The East Gate New Road, and The PEft Gate New Road, to one John Evans, and granted him a Lease thereof for the Term of Three Years, from Michaelmas 1777 > and that the said Trustees, on the Petition of the said Lessee, John Evans, at their General Monthly Meeting held the ioth of December following, without giving any Public Notice of their intention l'o to do, ordered a Gate to be erected across the said Road near to the End of Gray's Inn Lane, to the Intent that Tolls might be collected there by and for the Use of the said Lessee, thereby giving to the said Lessee, a large Sum of Money that is collected at the said Gate, which he is not entitled to demand or receive under the Authority of either of the above-mentioned Acts of Parliament, without the said Trustees deriving the smallest Benefit therefrom for the Uses of the said Trust; and the Petitioners conceive, that the said Trustees exceeded and abused their Power in so doing, for though, by the Words of the Lease, they conveyed to the said Lessee the Tolls to be taken at the Gates then erected, or to be thereafter erefled, it was impossible to publish the Receipt of the Tolls (as directed by Act of Parliament) at the said New Gate during the preceding Year, a? no such Gate did then exist; and that before the Act of Parliament of the Twenty-ninth of King George the Second, for making the said New Road from Islington to the Edgware Road, near Paddington, and for

putting that Part of the said New Road, that extends from Islington to Tottenham Court, under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said Highgate and Hampstead Roads, there was but One Toll Gate

between the End of Gray's Inn Lane and the Village of Highgate, which said Gate was near Battle Bridge, on the South Side of the Part where the said New Road was to pass; that, on the said New Road being made, the last mentioned Toll Gate was taken away, and a Toll Gate was placed at Battle Bridge, on the North Side of the said New Road, across the Highgate and Hampstead Road, and a free Passage was left from the End of Gray's Inn Lane to the said New Road; and the Petitioners enjoyed for many Years the same Liberty of travelling to the Eastward or Wellward on the Cud New J7

Road, as those entering thereon from Paddington, Portland Street, Tottenham Court Road, and other Parts on the West, and from Islington and other Places on the East, have always done, without paying other Tolls than those collected on the said New Road, which Tolls are likewise collected for the Trustees of the said Iligh-gate and Hampstead Roads; and that the Petitioners have lately purchased Lands at very enormous Prices, for the Purpose of erecting Buildings thereon, and have built, within Three Years last past, many large Houses, fit for the Reception of genteel Families, in Sivirtton Street, A don Street, and Constitution Row, winch are situated between the End of Gray's Inn Lane and said New Road, and have expended thereon several large Sums of Money, which they would not have done, had they conceived that they were more liable to have a 'loll imposed on therri there, than if they had lb purchased and built in London, to which the said new Buildings are in a Manner contiguous; that several Families, who were about to become Tenants of some of the said Houses, on seeing the said Toll Gate creeled, would not take them, and many others, who were actually re-lident there, and in that Neighbourhood, have left their respective Dwellings, not being willing to submit to pay so heavy a Toll for the Liberty of travelling a little more than 400 Yards, which has diminished the Value of the said Houses at lead Thirty per Cent, and the Petitioners are thereby injured to the Amount of several Thousand Pounds; and that the same of the Petitioners, who travel to and from London, by Way of Gray's Inn Lane and the said New Road, to Islington, or to Paddington, is also Angularly hard, as they pay to the said Trull for a Poll Chaise and Pair Four pence at the said New Gate at the End of Gray's Inn Lane, and Two Pence at tire laid New Road Gates, being Treble the Toll that those pay who go on the said New Road from either the City of London or from the West End of the Town, they paying only Two Pence at the said New Road Gates; and that focn after the said Gate was erected near to the End of Gray's Inn Lane,a Petition, signed by several of the Petitioners, was presented, on the 11 th of February 177S, to the General Meeting ol Trustees, who ordered a Special General Meeting to be called by Advertisement, to consider whether it was proper or legal to take Tolls at the said Gate, erected since the Lease of the said Tolls was granted; that, at such. Special Meeting, which was holden on the 26th of the same Month, the great Injury that would be sustained by the Petitioners, if the said Gate was continued, was very apparent, and' they having found, that by giving the said Gate to the said Lessee, they had vested in him not only a Power to col left the Highgate and Hampstead Road Toll, but also a Sunday Street Toll thereat (the said Lessee being also the Lessee of the Street Toll) than which nothing was farther from their Thoughts or Intentions, it was therefore resolved, by a Majority of more than Three Fourths of the Trustees present, that the said Gate should be removed, and an Advertisment printed in the Newspapers, to acquaint the Public of the said Resolution, and that the same stood for Confirmation at the next General Meeting; and that, at the said General Meeting, which was holden on the 1 ith of March following, Doubts having arisen, whether they had a Power to remove the said Gate after having given Possession thereof to the Lessee, and the said Lessee being called before the Board, and refilling to give up Pofllfllon of the said Gate, the said Trullees refeined the Resolution of their former Meeting, for removing the said Gate; and that loon after the Petitioners were informed, that by the said John Evans renting on Lease most of the Street and Turnpike Toll Gates in and about London, to the Annual Amount ot £.32,000, the Toll Gatherers, being appointed by him, behaved in the most atrocious Manner, and almolf daily insulted, and violently aliaulted, with Impunity, Persons of all Ranks passing through the several Gates,

fiudaciously

io Geo. III. / 2® Februarii. 113

Gm’j Inn audacioully refusing to put up their Names at their fe* Turnpike. vera* 1°^ Bars \ and that, upon Complaints being made, instead of dismissing the Collector, or Collectors, so offending (as is the Practice of the Trustees of such Roads as are not let to farm) the said Evans only removed them to Gates on other Roads; that, this Evil being univertiilly complained of, the Petitioners were informed that Parliament was about to pass an Act to prevent any Man, or Set of Men, farming more Turnpike Gates than belong to One Trust, and that, as the subsisting Lease. from the Trustees of the said Highgate and Hampstead Roads to the said John Evans, would then cease, the said Trustees would then have it in their Power to remove the said Gate at the End of Gray's Inn Lane, and that the Petitioners, meeting with no Relief in their Applications to the Trustees, found themselves obliged to exhibit a Petition and Complaint to the Jufi ticesat the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, holden by Adjournment at Hick's

Hall, in the said County, against the said Trustees, for having abused and exceeded their Power, by erecting the said Gate, and prayed the Court to take the Premises into Confederation, and to order the said Turnpike Gate to be removed} and the said Justices in the said Quarter Sessions afll-mbled, on Thursday the 22d Day of October 1778, on hearing the said Petition and Complaint, in Presence of the Petitioners and the said Trustees, and of what could be alleged on either Side by the said Parties, their Counsel and Witnesses, and on reading the said Lease of the said Tolls granted by the said Trustees to the said John on due Con-

llderation of the Premises, the said Justices did find, declare, and adjudge, that the said Trustees had abused and exceeded their Power, by causing to be erected the said Gate, and did therefore declare and adjudge, that the said Gate or Turnpike ought to be removed, and thereupon did, by Force and Virtue, and according to the Force of the Statute in such same made and provided, order, that the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex do forthwith remove the said Gate or Turn-pie at the End of Gray's Inn Lane; but as there is a Clause in the said Turnpike Act for impowering the said Trustees to fix any G»te or Gates across any Part or Parts of the said Roads, the said L-eflee availing himself thereof, removed the said Order of Justices into the Court of King’s Bench, by Writ of , in

order to quash the same: And that the Petitioners, being left without Remedy elsewhere, pray the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and that Permission may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend that Clause in the said Turnpike Act, for the said Highgate and Hampstead Roads, which gives Power to said Trustees to erect Gates, so far as it relates to the erecting any Gate between the End of Gray's Inn Lane and the said New Road; and that if any Toll shall be taken thereon, that it nvay be final], as the Distance they travel is not One Fortieth Part of the Extent of the said Roads; but as by virtue of the Power given by the said Act for the said Highgate and Hampstead Roads, the Houses, and other Buildings and Gardens, of 10 per Annum, and upwards, on or within 200 Yards of the said Roads, are already assessed Sixpence in the Pound (which is the largest Sum that the Act im-powers said Trustees to impole, and there being a very great Number of Houses in the several Streets, Rows, and Places, comprehended therein) they are of Opinion, that they already pay more than their proportional Share of fighting, watching, watering, and keeping the said Road in Repair; the Petitioners therefore pray. That they may be exempted from any Toll on that very small Part of the said Roads, or that the House will gTant them such other Relief as shall feera meet and reasonable; and that the Petitioners being on the Point of presenting their Petition to the House, received Information, that there is a Standing Resolution of the House, not to receive any Petition for any Act for Vol. 37.

any new Turnpike Road, or for the Renewal of Alteration of any Act relative to any Turnpike Road, unless public Notice shall have been given at the Time of the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions preceding that Sessions of Parliament to which such Petition is intended to bepre-fented; but the Petitioners being entirely ignorant of the Existence of any such Resolution, and conceiving their same to deserve the Consideration of this House, as the Hard ships and Abuses complained of in their Petition require the most speedy Redress, and that Parliament only intended by their laid Resolution, to guard against any Act of Parliament, concerning Turnpike Roads, being obtained by Surprise, to the Injury of Individuals, whereas the Petitioneis Grievance has been long of the most public Notoriety, seriously considered, and ordered tq be redrefied by the Magistrates of the County, who are perfectly well acquainted with the Reality thereof, and the strongest Inclination to remove the same has been shewed, as before mentioned, by the said Trustees, many of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and their Petition is for the Relief of the Public in general, and of the Petitioners in particular; the Petitioners therefore implore the House (notwithstanding their said Order) will, for the weighty Realons assigned in this Petition, be pleased to dispenle with the fame, and consent that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be reset'red to the ConGderation of a Committee 5 And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant , Mr. -ham Bootle, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee ate to have Voices.

A Petition of Hester Arthur, George Stovin, and Cot-

nelius Stovin, Esquires, and the several other Persons and whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of ®w,"e*eet Ancient Inclosed Lands and Grounds, Open Fields, nc we* Pasture Grounds, Meadows, and Common Lands, within the Townships of Redness and Szvinefieet, in the Parish of fVhitgift, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the said Townships are divers Ancient Inclosed Lands and Grounds, and several Open Fields,

Pasture Grounds, Meadows, and Common Lands; and that the Lands of the respective Proprietors therein are dispersed in small Parcels, and intermixed with each other; and that by Exchanges of the said Ancient Inclosed Lands and Grounds (with the Consent of the Proprietors) and by a Division and Inclosure of the said Open Fields, Pasture Grounds, Meadows, and Common Lands, freed from the Payment of all Tithes, the same may be much improved, and made more convenient to the Proprietors thereof; which said Open Fields, Pasture Grounds, Meadows, and Common Lands, cannot, in their present State, be cultivated and improved to Advantage, but if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted, freed from all Tithes, and vested in the several Persons interested therein, it Would be very advantageous to them, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above, and other Purposes therein to be mentioned, under such Restrictions and Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savi/e and Sir Thomas Clavering do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Merchants and Traders engaged Kcwfoon<iia#J in the Fiftiery at Nezejoundland, and on the Banks there- ftlcry'

Gg of.

.-3*c

114 Februarii 1779,

Xiwfo> nHind 0f} on Behalf of themselves and others concerned in tiiuery. tj)e lai^ Fisher^', was prefen ted to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from " Great Britain, Ireland and the Dominions in

" Europe, and for securing a Return of the Fishermen,

" Sailors, and others, employed in the said Fisheries,

" to the Ports thereof, at the End of the Fishing Season," has been attended with many Hardships and Inconveniences, which the Petitioners apprehend were not foreleen at the Time of passing thereof, some of which they beg Leave to recommend to the Attention of the House, conceiving that they need only be pointed out in order to their being redressed; that, by the said Act, the Heirs and Assigns of the Petitioners are excluded from all Property in their Fishing Rooms or Habitations beyond the Expiration of One Season after the Decease of the Proprietor, if such Rooms or Habitations remain unoccupied during that Period; and the Petitioners beg Leave to observe, that it is sometimes absolutely impossible, and oftentimes highly inconvenient, for such Heirs or Assigns either to go themselves to Newfoundland, or to fend sufficient Power to others to act lor them within the Time prescribed, and apprehend the said Time should be enlarged, in order more effectually to secure such Property to the Heirs and Assigns of such'Proprietors; and that, by the said Act, the Hirer or Employer of any Seaman or Fishcrman is prohibited from paying to such Seaman or Fisherman, during the Time he shall be in his Service, mbre than One Half of the Wages that shall at any Time be due to him, under Pain of forfeiting £. to to any Person who shall inform or sue lor the lame, which Provision cannot be complied with without manifest. Inconvenience, as the Petitioners are under a Necessity of engaging a Variety of Men and Boys, to whom they give from £.5 to £. 30 for the Season; and if those who contract for the former Sum were to receive no more than Half of what may be due to them, after deducting what the Petitioners are compelled by the said Act to detain for their Passage Home, they could not possibly equip themselves with sufficient Cloathing, without which their Employers would be deprived of their Service; and should the Merchant furnish them with common NeceiTaries, or the Means of securing such NeceiTaries, he not only subjects himself to the Lois of the Overplus so advanced, but to the Penalty of £. 10, which the very Man, to whom he has generoully advanced this Overplus, may sue for and recover; and that, by the said Act, all Fish and Oil, which shall be taken and made by any Person who shall hire or employ Seamen or Fishermen, is subject and liable, in the First Place to the Payment of the Wages of every such Seaman or Fisherman, which Provision (in case of Insolvency) may subject the other Creditors of the Insolvent to very great Lois, while the Men, who may have occasioned this Insolvency by their Negligence or Disobedience, can claim and receive the whole Money due to them; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Penalty inflicted by the said Act on Seamen and Fishermen, for wilful Neglect of Duty, (being only a Forfeiture of Two Days Pay for every Day such Seaman or Fisherman shall wilfully neglect or refuse to work) affords Impunity to Offenders, instead of rellraining the Idle and Dissolute; and beg Leave to observe, that the Absence of a Boat’s Mailer for One Day, may probably occasion the Loss of Ten or Fifteen Pounds, while the only Recompence the Owner can obtain under this Act is no more than Six Shillings; and the Petitioners apprehend, that this Provision has produced Effects very different from the Intention of the Legislature, and has repeatedly proved prejudicial to the Interest of Individuals; and that the said Act has in other Particulars been found inconvenient, and the Petitioners apprehend, that, unlel's the 16

fame be repealed or amended, the said Trade will, in the Course of a very few Years, be inevitably ruined, to the great Loss of Individuals, and Detriment of the Commercial Interest of Great Britain: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as shall seem necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open . AWmgtnn Common Field?, Common Pastures, Downs, and all hicloiwe. other Commonable 1 ands, within the Hamlet, Vtil, or Tything, of Ablinglon, in the Parish of Bibury, in the County of Giouce/ler, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Guise, Mr. Barrow, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Thomas Duck, and Gen- Bee It on,

tlemen, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Propric- jnc^ure tors of Messuages, Lands, and Grounds, within the Hamlets or Town ships of Betflon, Thorncott, and Hatch, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Hamlets or Townships, divers Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Meadow's, Commonable Lands, and Commons, subject to such Orders and Regulations as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Ongley and the Lord Hhtchingbrook do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Dawes, of C.anonbury-House, in Coat* the County of Middlesex, Esquire, on Behalf of him- ufH self and others, Owners, Proprietors, and Lessees, of Anglesey. Copper and Lead Mines, in the Isle of Angle fey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several considerable Mines of Copper and Lead in the said Isle, and that the Petitioner and other Persons, who are concerned in railing Copper and Lead from the said Mines, are obliged, on Account of the Want of Coals and other Fuel in the said Isle, to carry their Copper and Lead Ores, at a very considerable Expence, to other Places, at a great Distance, where Coals pay no Duty, in order to be smelted; and that this heavy Expence which the Petitioner and others necessarily incur on Account of the high Price of, and Duty on, Coals, in the said Isle, is a great Discourage-2-ment as well to the Lessees, Owners, and Proprietors, of the said Mines, as to other Persons who might become Adventurers therein, and prevents them from raising the Quantities of Copper and Lead Ores which would otherwise be raised from the said Mines; and that if a Drawback was allowed of the Duties on Coals used in the smelting of the Copi er and Lead Ores In the said Isle, in the same Manner as was granted by an Act of the Ninth Year of Queen , on all Coals used in (melting Copper and Tin Ores within the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, the Petitioner and other Persons would be enabled to work the Copper and Lead Mines in the said Isle more effectually, as well to the Advantage of the Lessees, Owners, and Adventurers, as of the Public in general: And therefore' praying the House to take the Premises into Connderation, and to give such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition br referred to the Consideration of a Committer: And that they do examine

iQ Geo. III. 2° Februafii. H§

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Muckreth, the Lord Bulk-ley, &c.: Arid they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Upton Mr. Ly?m reported from the Committee, to whom t,:l8c» the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, Ko4ii». (he County of Worcester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Notices directed to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been given within the Time required by the said Orders, but that the like Notices had been given in the Newspapers in the Month of January last, and affixed on the Sc (lion House of the said County, at the kit p/as Quarter Sessions, and the Branch of Road intended to be repaired, is only about One Hundred Yards in Length; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and amending the Road leading from the West End of Bridge, in the County r.f War rest cr, to the Parish of ' Tir/ey, in the County of , and several other

Roads therein mentioned, was read: And,

Mr. Wakeman Long, being examined, said. That the

Branch of Road described in the Petition, adjoins to Part of the Roads coinprifed in the said Act, and is narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually widened and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

That the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in execution, are willing to amend the said Branch of Road, and to keep the same in Repair, without any Increase of Tolls, and without erecting any Turnpike thereon; and that it will not be necessary to purchase any Land for widening the said Road.

And the Witness added. That at the Time of passing the said Act, this Branch of Road was meant to be included in, and made Part of, the Roads thereby directed to be repaired, but by some Mistake was neglected to be inserted in the Act.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from the West End of Upton Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of Tir/ey, in the County of Gloucester; and to the Parish of in the County of Hereford; and to the further Side of a Place called The Rid Green, in the Road to the City of fVor-cefier; and through a Place called Robert's End to Malvern Chafe, in the said County of Worcester, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, at a Place called The Cross, in

the I’arish of Hanley Castle, in the said County; to the Side of the River Severn, at a Place called Hanley Quay, in the same Parish.

Broom A Petition of Sir Samuel Knight, Lord of

Itclosure. the Manor of Broom, in the County of Stafford, John Dolman, Clerk, Rest or of the Pari ill of Broom aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Linds and Tenements within the said Manor and Parish of Broom, on Behalf of tbcmselves and the rest.of

01.37.

the Owners and Proprietors of Hands and Tenements within the same Manor and Parish; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are*

Within the said Manor and Parish; certain Commons and Waste Lands, called Broom Common, containing by Estimation 200 Acres or thereabouts, upon which the Petitioners and the rest of the said Proprietors have, or respectively claim, a Right of Common; and that the said Commons or Waste Lands, in their present Situation, yield very little Advantage to the Petitioners and the rest of the Proprietors aforesaid, arid in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement j but if the same were divided, inclosed, and allbtted amongst the Petitioners and all other Persons interested, according to their respective Interests therein, the said Commons or Waste Lands might be greatly improved, and become very profitable to the Petitioners and the rest of the said Proprietors, as well as a public Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Lands, in l'uch Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lygon, Sir William Bagot, and Sir John do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Honourable Henry Cecil, Lord of Hanbury the Manor of Hanbury, in the County of and h‘closure*

the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of Lands and Estates within the Parish of Hanbury, in the said County, was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and that it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested ini the said Lands and Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as the House shall think proper. --

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Lygon and Mr. Foley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of John Raincock, Esquire, Uncle of John Raincock’s Fleming (late John Raincock) an Infant, was presented Name.-to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Fletcher Fleming, late of Rayrigg, in the Parish of Winder, neer, in the County of Westmore/and, Esquire, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the 5th Day of March 1777 (amongst other Things) gave and de-vised unto his Nephew, the said John Raincock the Infant, eldest Son of his the said Testator’s Sifter, Agnes Raincock, and his Heirs, all his the said Testator’s Real Estates, subject to certain Charges therein mentioned j and the said Testator thereby deckied his Will and Mind to be, that his, the said Testator’s, said Nephew, John Raincock, and llis Heirs, who should, by virtue of his the said Testator’s Will, become ent’tled to his said Real Estates, should take upon himself and themselves, and use, the Surname of Fleming only, and should ailo bear, take,-and use the Coat of Arms belonging to Fleming, and should procure an Act of Parliament for that Purpose, within a certain Time in the said V\ ill mentioned; and that the said John Raincock the Infant, hath, since the'

Death of the said Fletcher Fleming, in pursuance of the Direction in the said Will, taken upon himself, and ufedy the Name o {Fleming-, and the Petitioner isadviled it will

be expedient, on the Behalf of the said Infant, to have

Milton,

Itc.

Inclosure.

Cobham

Inclosure.

Wdlminster

Firing.

116 2 Q Febfuarit.A. 1770.

hat Name eftaljlished and confirmed to the said ’John Raincock the Infant, and his Heirs, who shall become entitled to the said Real Estates by virtue of the said Will, by Authority of Parliament, according to the Delire and Intention express'ed in the said Testator’s said Will: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Solicitor General and Sir Michael Le Fleming do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto fiiblcribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, or otherwise interested, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Parishes of , otherwise Middleton, Mai for, and Col/ingtree, otherwise Col-

ling trough, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Estates of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement j but if the fame, together with the said Common Part u res, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted amongst the several Persons entitled thereto, in lieu of, and in proportion to, their Lands, Tithes, Rights of Common, and other Rights and interests therein, great , Advantage would aril'e to the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Fields, Failures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, of and within the said Manors and Parishes, in such Manlier, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. ‘Thomas T’ownjhend, Mr. Powys, and Mr. Knight ley, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. George Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, within the Manor and Parish of Cobham, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bili, and made several Amendments thereunto ;which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Commissioners for carrying into execution the several Acts for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in executing the said Acts, the Petitioners ou'erve Dcfedls in some of the Pro-tifions therein contained, with regard to the

Water Companies giving Notice of taking up the 20

Pavements; to the Mode of paying off Money borrowed on the Credit of the additional Rates laid by the Act of the Eleventh of His present Majesty; to punishing Persons forging Assignments or Certificates; to collecting Rates laid on Persons who shall remove from their Habitations; with rel’pedt to Appeals allowed by the Acts; and to certain Nuisances frequently committed within the Petitioners Jurisdiction: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making such Regulations as may be neerssary for the above Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Howard, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Edward Norton, Esquire, and others whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being entitled to Right of Common upon, or otherwise interested in, a Common or Moor, called Sawley Moor, in the Parish of Ripun, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Moor, in its present open State, is incapable of Improvement, but that it would be very advantageous to have the same inclosed and divided into specific Allotments: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Howard, Mr. Dundas, and Mr. Norton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Katherine Yorke, Lady of the Manor of Wear, in the County of Somerset, and of the Re-

verend Jonathan Gegg, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Wear aforesaid, and of several other interested Persons, whole Names are thereunto iub-feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is a certain Common, or Tract of Commonable Land, called Stone Allerton Moor, in the Hamlet or Vill of Stone Allerton, in the said County of Somerset, containing One hundred Acres, or thereabouts, which, in its present Situation, is of little Value to the several Persons having Rights of Common, or other Rights therein; but if the same was divided and inclosed, it would be highly advantageous to the Petitioners, and other Persons having Rights or interests therein, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common, or Trail of Commonable Land, subjeil to such Regulations as to the House shall seem proper and requisite.

Ordered, Tharf Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Phelips and Mr. Popham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Manor of Penrith, in the County of several Trails

or Parcels of Common and Waste Ground, and that the Petitioners are Owners of Houses and Lands within the said Manor, and as such entitled to Right of Common upon the said Common and Waste Grounds; and that a considerable Advantage would accrue to the Petitioners, and others interested therein, if the same were divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inefofing the said Common and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered,

Snwlc?

Inclosure.

Stone

Allerton

Inclosure

Penrith

Inclosure.

19 Geo. III. 2* FebruariiJ17

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Fletcher and Mr. John Morgan do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Framework A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are

Knitters’ thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themfe-ives and others. Framework Knitters, residing in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have served regular Apprenticeships to, and always employed themf-lyes in, the Ait or Mystery of Framework Knitting, in the making of Stockings, Mitts, Gloves, and other Goods usually made and manufactured on the Stocking Frame, in Silk, Cotton, Thread, and Worded, and, notwithstanding their utmost Care and Induftiv, are not capable of providing for themselves and Families the common Necessaries of Life, not only on Account of the Smallness of the Wages paid for their Labour, but also on Account of the paying of Frame Rent, and other incidental Charges in keeping their Frames in working Order; and that, for Want of pioner Regulation-, several Frauds and Abuses are committed in the said Art or Mystery by those employed therein, to the great Loss and Disadvantage of the lair Trader, and to the Dif-credit of the Manufactory: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Art or Mystery of Framework Knitting, and those employed therein, in such Manner as to the House shall stem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Medows, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Forth A Petition of Thomas Longlands, Agent for, and on the Behalf of, the Company of Proprietors of the Forth

KuieuLa ant^ Clyde Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the Firth or River of Forth, to the Firth or River of Clyde, the said Company were empowered to make and complete the said Navigation, and to receive certain tolls and Duties for the Carriage and Conveyance of all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, that should be carried and conveyed upon ..the said Cut or Canal; and that the said Company are empowered by the said Act to lower the Tolls thereby granted upon all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, but have no Authority vested in them to make a partial Reduction upon any particular Species of heavy Goods that ma be carried and conveyed thereon; and that, if the said Company were empowered to reduce any Part of the said Tolls or Duties, they apprehend it would tend to facilitate the Purposes of the said Act, as well as be attended with great Advantages to Persons navigating upon the laicf Cut or Canal; and that several other Afterations and Amendments'are necessary to be made to the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall appear to be proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir Lawrence Dun-

das, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-Voi. 37.

ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Dealers in Teas and Spirits, re- Petition siding in the Towns of Southampton and Rcmfiy, and cotI,pk'n,ng the Villages adjacent thereto, was presented to the Smuggling. House, and read; Setting forth. That the pernicious and illicit Practice of Smuggling hath for Ten Years pall been carried on in so extensive a Manner throughout Hampshire, and the neighbouring Counties, that the Petitioners have suffered great Lolfes thereby; and that the Vessels, at present employed by Smugglers, are very numerous, and several of them of considerable Force, being equipped, both with respect to Men and Arms, as private Ships of War, and are lb peculiarly construded for fall failing, that the Persons on Board them arc able to refill or avoid any of the Cutters in the Government Service; and that Companies are formed for pure haling in France, Holland, and the Wands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, and transporting from thence into England, great Quantities of contraband Goods of every Denomination; and, in order to facilitate and secure the Landing of such Goods,

Signals are established and repeated on the Coasts by the Parties concerned therein -, and" upon the Arrival of the expected Cargoes on Shore, large Bodies of Smugglers alienable, receive, and divide the fame, and afterwards, with great Industry and Dispatch, convey it in a formidable Manner on Horseback into the interior Parts of the Country, in Defiance of the Laws, and to the Terror of the Community, by which Means a fraudulent Trade is openly carried on without Rilk or Opposition, to the Ruin of the fair Trader, and in Diminution of the Public Revenue; and that the said Goods being thus removed, are divided into smaller Parcels, for the Accommodation of an inferior Clals of Smugglers, called Hawkers and Duffers, who, disregarding all Penal Restraints, retail them from House to House, and even sometimes offer them for Sale in public Markets; and that the Sale of Tea, Spirits, and French Manufactures, is further promoted by the Afiiduity and Success of many itinerant Smugglers, who have established, and now maintain, a regular Correspondence throughout the Kingdom, and who solicit and take Orders for those Goods, which they agree to deliver safely into the Purchaser’s Possession, at their own Hazard, for a trifling Premium; and thus their deceitful Propofols, enforced with an Offer of felling those Commodities at the Price of Fifty per Cent, cheaper than the fair Trader can polfibly afford them, seldom fail to meet with Encouragement amongst all Ranks of People; and that the Amount of all Goods, clandestinely imported, is immediately paid for by a Remittance of the current Coin of this Nation, the greatest Part of which centers with our natural Enemies, and daily enriches them, by contributing to the very Efience and Support of their Commerce, whilst it lays a Foundation for the entire Lestruction of our own, a Circumstance, which, at this Conjuncture, is truly alarming, and mull justly raise the Indignation of every honest Tradesman, who, by the Pursuit of his lawful Business, advances the Public Revenue, and thereby, in feme Degree, adds to the Welfare and Security of the Kingdom; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the Reduction of the present Duties on Teas and Spirits will have an effectual Tendency towards preventing the fraudulent Practice of Smuggling, from the Consideration that, in all Cases, where the Temptation is lessened or abated, the Number of the tempted will Decrease in Proportion thereto:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to promote and enact such Bills for the immediate Relief of the Petitioners, and others who are concerned as legal Dealers in Teas and Spirits; and for restraining and preventing, by the most effectual Means, the dangerous Practice of Smuggling,

H h and

Oulton

Inclosure*

Cain ham Inclosure.

118 a0 Februariu 1779.

ar.u lor the Encouragement of the fair Trader in all Branches, as to tire House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petido.r do lie upon the Tabic.

A Petition of John Br:y:a/l,.John Jervis, and William Jervis, Esqmres, Sanipfon Shelley, Shelley, John

Shelley, Willi am Emay, George Green, and Thomas Dent,

Gentlemen, on Behalf of themildves, and fevered other. Persons, being Owners and Proprietors of, and intcreilod in, a certain Common, or Waste Ground, in the Parish of State, in the County of called

Heath, was prefer.ted to the IToule, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of Several Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Tenements, within the teveral Townships of Mea'ford, and Oulton, in die Parish of Stcne, in the County of Stafford, which fa d Townships lie within, and arc Part ot, the Manor of alias

Jlcne, in the said County, within which Manor is a laigc Common or Waste Ground, called Oulton Heath; and that the said Common or Waste Ground has for a great Length of Time been used by the Petitioners, and the Persons under whom they claim, and other Persons, as a Stinted Common, being divided into 2,260 Sheep Gates, which have been apportioned amongst the Petitioners, and several others, according to the Value of their Landed Property in the said Townships, and to their rdpeftive Payments towards the Lord’s Rent herein after mentioned; and that the Lord of the said Manor of hath no Right

to, or Interest in, the said Common or Waste Ground, except to all Waifs, Estrays, and Felons’ Goods, which shall arise or fall within the lames and that, as a Compensation for, and in lieu of, his Right and Interest in the said Common or Waste Ground, the Petitioners, and the several other Persons under whom they claim, and others enjoying Sheep Gates upon the said Common or Waste Ground, have for a long Course of Wars Annually paid to the Lord of the said Manor, the Sum of £. 20, which the Petitioners and the other Owners of Sheep Gates have raised amongst themselves, in certain Proportions, according to their Number of Sheep Gates; and that the Petitioners, and other Persons interested in the said Common or Stinted Failure, are desirous that the same should be inclosed and divided, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Pill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, of the said Common or Waste Ground, called Oulton Heath, and for the settling and lecuiing the said yearly Payment of

£.20, or inch Part thereof as shall appear to be clue to the Lord of the Manor of Cubblestone, aforesaid, for the Time being, in fuel) Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Elzres, Mr. Gilbert, and Sir Ergot, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Eduard Lord of the* Kingdom of Ireland, Owner of great Part of the Lands within the Parish of Crlchcm, in the County of Salop, and of several Mines, there, Richard Payne Knight, Esquire, the Owner and Proprietor of several Mines, and alto of divers Lands within the said Parish, Oldham,

Esquire, 1 -ord of the Manor of Cainham, and alto the Owner and Proprietor of great Part of the Lands within the said Parish, Jonathan Green, Bachelor in Divinity, Vicar of the said Parish, and entitled to the Great and Small Tithes arising within and upon the Tithable lands of the said Parish, and also ot several other Persons, Owners of Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Commons or Waste Lands lying on the C.’ee containing 650 Acres, or thereabouts, whereon the Petitioners, Lord Clive, Joseph Oldham, Richard Payne

Knight, and other Persons, Owners of lands and Grounds within the said Parish, are entitled to Common of Pasture, and the Petitioners, Lord and

Richard Payne Knight, are also entitled to several Mines under or upon the said Commons or Waste Lands; and the Petitioner Jonathan Green, is entitled to all the Great and Small Tithes arising within the said Parish, except a Farm, called The Old Manor Farm, in respect of which a Modus is due and payable; and that the said Commons or Waste Lands, in their present State, yield very little Profit, and are incapable of Improvement; but if inclosed, and divided into Allotments, would be of much more Advantage to all Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Commons and Waste Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall leeni meet*.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Johnes, Mr. Baldwyn, and Mr. Hill, do prepare, and

biing in, the lame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr and Mr.

Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation of fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges, in the County of Linlithgow and Bathgate; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge, explain, and amend, the Powers given in and by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for dividing and " inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commun Failures, Common Meadows, and other " Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within " the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of other-

" wife Fleecer, in the County of Northamptonand for making the same more effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Baronet, on Behalf of himself, and other Trustees for executing so much of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for widening and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the Counties ot Denbigh and Flias relates to the Roads leading from the Town of Mold to Holly well,

and Rhuddlan, in the County of and from thence

to the Ferry House, opposite the d own of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon, and from Ruthin to the said Town of Mold, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Term granted by the said Act, so far as the (lime relates to the said Roads, is near expiring; and that, imless the Term and Powers of the said Act, do far as relates to the said Roads, are Enlarged, the said Roads cannot be properly widened and kept in Repair, nor the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof be repaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the derm and Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the said Road.

Ordered, ddiat the said Petition be referred to the Consideratmn of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr.

&c.:

Italian

Thrown

Silk.

Linlithgow

Reads.

Floorc

Inclosure.

Wrexham Road; Ruthin Diltntf.

i9 Geo. III. 'a0 — 3°

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii30 die;

Anno 190 Georgii III'li Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

Mc:r, QIR ‘Thomas Eger ion reported from the Committee, ic- O to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Sir ramage. CharlesIVilliam Molyneux, Baronet. Earl of in the

Kingdom’of Ireland, Richard Bootle’, Esquire,

Thomas Seel, Esquire, the Reverend Richard the Reverend John Stanley, and several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors and Owners of certain Low Lands, lying in the several Townships, Vills, Hamlets, or Districts, of Altcar, Sefton, Net her ton, Lunt, Thornton, Mag hull.

Milling, ince, Blundell, Little Crcjby, Formby, and Down Holland, within the Parishes of Altcar, Sefton, Ha/fall, and Walton upon the Hill, in the County Palatine of Lancaster , and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen. Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Borough ana Corporation of Liverpool, in Common Council assembled, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as felloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. John Webjhr being examined, said, That he knows the Lands in the Petitions mentioned; that from their low Situation, they are almost continually overflowed, and of little Value to the Owners. And the Witness further laid. That the Lands contain about 4,800 Acres, and that the Proprietors thereof have loft this last Year upwards of £.2,goo from the Floods; and that he apprehends, if the said Lands were properly drained, the same may be cultivated and improved, to the great Advantage of the Owners thereof, and be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining, improving, and preserving, the Low Lands, in the Parishes of Altcar, Sefton, Half all, and Walton upon the Hill, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

And that Sir Thomas Egerton and Mr. Crewe do pre-

pare, and bring in, the lame.

Oxlown Level Stanhope reported from the Committee,

Gate, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees, whole

ic' Marges are thereunto subscribed, appointed by an Act Road. Qf parhamern, passed in the Thirty-iecond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in-titukd, " An Act for repairing and widening the " (loads from Oxdown Gate, in Popham Lane, to the " City of Winchester; and from the said City, through " Hursley, to Chandler s For; and from Hursley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at; and from, the

" laid Turnpike Road, through Rlngwood, in the " County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and " WinborneMinfler, in the County of Dorset/f and

Vox,. 37V

Februarii. 119

by an Act of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend art " Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of " his late Majesty, for repairing and widening levera] Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of " Southampton and Dorset; and for amending and " widening the Road between Ringwood Gate, in the " County of Southampton, to Wooldridge, and from thence " to the Great Western Road, between a Place called " Thick Thorn and Cashmore Inn," was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr, Richard Raggett being examined, laid, That the Trustees have borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls arising in the First Division of Roads, com* priled in the First-mentioned Act, the Sum of £. 1,800.

Mr. Benjamin White being examined as to the Second and Third Division of Roads in the said Act »

comprised, said. That the Trustees have borrowed the several Sums of £.3,200 and £.2,150 upon the Credit of the Tolls arising in the said Divisions of Roads.

Mr. James Middleton also informed your Committee, That the Trustees have borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls arising in the Fourth Division of Roads, described in the said Act, the sum of £.3,000 and upwards.

Mr. William Leer being examined as to the Fifth Division of Roads in the Second-mentioned Act described, said, That the Trustees have borrowed the Sum of £.x,ioo on the Credit of the Tolls arising in the said Division of Roads.

And all the Witnesses added, That the said several Sums of Money, together with the Tolls granted by the said Acts, have been duly applied in the Repair of the said Roads; but that the same cannot be kept in effectual Repair, and the Money so borrowed repaid, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts are extended and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdown Gate, in Popham Lane, to the City of Winchester; and from the said City, through Hursley, to Chandler's Ford; and from Hursley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at; and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winborne Minfler, in the County of Dorset-, and for amending and widening the Road from Ringwood Gate, in the said County of Southampton, to Wootfbridge, and from thence to the Great Western Road, between a Place called Thick Thorn and Cashmore And that Mr. Lovel Stanhope and Sir Henry St. John do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Waller presented to the House, according to Wendover Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Poweis of to Three Acts, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Buckingham King George the First, and in the Fifteenth and Twenty- RoaJ‘ fourth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wend over to the down of Buckingham, and other Roads in the County of ingham, so far as the same relate to the Road from the

West

120

3° — At Februarii. 1779.

Well End of the Town of Beaconsfeld, to within Half Mile of the River Colne, near Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Croft Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to Inclosure. w},orn the B U for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, of Croft, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Barkhy Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to Inclosure. wj, om tjje gj|| for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Barkby, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774 relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed*

Taplow A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Taplow, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Salt, Mr. Grenville, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Market Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to

Raisin Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open

Inclosure. fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Market Raisin, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

American Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a War Lift of the Commissariate, appointed in Consequence Commiflaruu. Vfox North America, with an Account of their

Pay.

ColefhHI Sir Herbert Mackworth presented to the House, ac-

Iaclosure. cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the *7

Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Heath, or Waste Land, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Coleshill, in the County of Warwick: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Way* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole "dMe* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.-

Jovis, 4° die Februarii;

Anno 19* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1779 Prayers.

MR. Charles Dundas presented to the House, ac- sCOfCj, cording to Order, a Bill for the better railing clergy’* and securing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows Widow*, and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Mailers, in the Universities of Saint Andrews,

and Aberdeen-, and for repealing Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for those Purposes: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing the Stratford Road leading from Stratford upon Avon to Edghill, in upon Aroa the County of Warwickr, and for repealing the several ®oa<h Laws now in Force relating to the said Road, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Stratford upon Avon to Edghill, in the County of Warwick, and for repealing the several Laws now in Force relating to the said Road.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee, to shawHiB whom the Petition of the Right honourable Lord «» William Seymour, Ezekiel Dickenson, Esquire, Paul Newman, Esquire, Robert Hulbert, Gentleman, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1274, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the

Pa ifh

r

121

19 Geo. Ill*

4° FebruariL

Parish of Melkjkam, through Lane,

Biddestone, and WestYatton, to the Turnpike Road at

Upper Combe, in the Parish of Coombt, in the County of Wilts, was read: And,

Paul Newman, Esquire, the Treasurer to the Trustees, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed on the Credit thereof the Sum of £. 750, which has been applied according to the Purposes of the said Act, the Whole of which now remains due, with a considerable Arrear of Interest: That the Term granted by the said Act expires at the End of this present Session of Parliament; and that the licafon the Trustees did not give the Notices required by the Standing Orders of the House, was, that they fully believed they were entitled to the additional Term of Five Years, granted by an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, to amend an Act nude in- the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the Amendment and Preservation of the Pub ic " Highways of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto;" and that the Trustees did not discover their Mistake till within this Month. That in consequence of such Neglect, the Creditors for the said Sum of £. 750 will, after the Expiration of this present Session of Parliament, be without any Security for their Money; nor can the same be repaid, nor the Roads kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in ConGderation of the particular Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices be given at thd ensuing Easttfr Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County of Wilts, and by Advertisements in the public Newspapers publisherl within the said County in the present Month of February, and in the Month March next, or One of them, of the Application to Parliament for Continuation of the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given, by the Standing Orders of the House of the 25 th of April 1774, of Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills.

wet Mr. Pemuddock reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing -and widening the Road from the Top of " White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Saint -

" drew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns " of Shaftejbttry, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the " Counties of Dorset and to the Halfway

u House, in the Parish of Nether Compton, in the said " County of Dorset;, and several other Roads near the " Towns of Shafiefbury and Sherborne aforesaid;" and also of an Act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the before-mentioned Act of Parliament, and repairing other Roads adjoining to the Roads in the said former Act mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25 th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place y and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. James Whitaker, Mr. Edward Buckler, and Mr.

VW37.

John Foot, being examined; informed your Comrfiittee,

That the Trustees had proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and had caused the Roads therein mentioned to be repaired; and that there is now due and owing upon the Credit of the said Acts the Sum of £. 6,650, which has been duly applied according to the Directions thereof; and that the Money so borrowed, and due as aforesaid, cannot be paid oft, and the said Roads kept in sufficient Repair; unless the Term and Powers of the Grid Acts are enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be givfcn to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Mil-borne Port, and "Sherborne, in the Counties 61 Dorset and Somefet, to the Halfway HouJ'e, in the Parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset; and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid: And that Mr. Mr.

Mortimer, and Mr. Goddard, do prepare, and bring in, the lame,

Mr. Hunger ford prefen ted to t lie House, according to Leiretfer, Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an „&c:

Ad, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his '

late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of L to the Town of

Ashby de-la-Zouch, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is con- Ameott* cerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures,

Moors, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Amcotts, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln; which Bill was, upon Monday Iaft, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Daniel Lascelles reported from the Committee, to Supplying whom the Bill for rendering more beneficial an Act, . I'c*ds,

made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King w,t Coa^ George the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing Agreements made between Charles Brandling,

" Esquire, and other Persons, Proprietors of Lands,

" for laying down a Waggon Way, in order for the " better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of " Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals," by enabling the said Charles Brandling to supply, Annually, a larger Quantity of Coals to and for the Use of the said Town and Neighbourhood, was committed and to whom the Petition of Thomas Jaques, of Leeds, in the County of York, Gentleman, was referred; That neither the Petitioner, nor any Counsel, appeared In Support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to lie true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to enquire Expiring

I i what I*-

122

4° — 5" Febmarii.

what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House which of them are fit to be revived or continued:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Sir Grey Cooper, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mil Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to prepare

Ciothin". an of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1779:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Ord, Sit Thomas Skipzvith, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Account; The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from I1r.p0.i4 and Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended Scotland* at Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-l'ented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity and Value of Goods exported from Scotland to Ireland, and imported from Ireland to Scotland, from the ift of January 1768 to ill January 1778, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 50 Februarii y

Anno 19* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1779. Prayers.

Supplying A N ingrafted’ Bill for rendering more beneficial an Leids 1 1 Ad, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign with Coals,/of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " establishing Agreements made between Charles " ling, Esquire, and other Persons, Proprietors of Lands,

" for laying down a Waggon Way, in order for the " better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of " Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals," by enabling the said Charles Brandling to suppljr. Annually, a larger Quantity of Coals to and for the Use of the said Town and Neighbourhood, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for rendering more beneficial an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the lleign of King George the - Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing Agreements " made between Charles Brandling, Esquire, and other " Perlo ns, Proprietors of Lands, for laying down a Waggon Way, in order for the better supplying the Town " and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, " with Coals," by enabling the said Charles Brandling to supply, Annually, a larger Quantity of Coals to and for the Use of the said Town and Neighbourhood; and for-regulating the Prices of carrying Coals from the Re-pository at Caffon C/ofe.

Ordered, 'that Mr. Daniel Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

C'V am An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-IikIoIuic. mon and Open Fields, within the Manor and Parish of Cobham, in the County of , was read the Third

rn* "

lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, within the Parish of Cobham, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddock do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Barkby, in the County of Leicester, was read' the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Barkby, in the County of Lei refer.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering lafe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of South Motion, in the County of Devon, was committed;

’ That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the " Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, wh'ch they had dirtftecl him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Chester presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the Acts, passed in the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Years of King George the Second, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Brifol, and for granting other Powers for that Purpose; and for making and maintaining a new Road from the Turnpike Gate near Stokes Croft, in the Her field Road, to the Turnpike Gate near , the Blackbirds, on the Stapleton Road, near the said City: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr: Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of several Grounds and Houses, and Inhabitants in Gofwe/l Street, leading from Bars, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, London, to the End of the House and Premites of Mr.

iVoodhouse Coker, beyond the Turnpike Gate, at the End of Gofivell Street aforesaid, lying in the several Pa: ilhes of Saint Luke Old Street, Saint James and Saint John

Clerkenwell, and Saint Botolph without Aldersgate aforesaid, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report , the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving " the High Street or Road leading from Aldersgate " Bars, in the Parish of Saint Botolph " London,'to the Turnpike near the End of Goftaell

16 " Street,

Barkby

Inclosure.

South

Molton

Roads.

Bristol

Roads.

Goswell S.reet IS, ighrly Match,

tp Geo. III.

Februarii.

1^3

" Street, in the County of Mldddcfes, and applying the the said Acts mentioned, (0 far as thfe fain? relates to the " Sum of Five thousand Pounds, to be raised upon the Head from the City of Gimccf.er to the Nine Mile StoneCredit of the Surplules toarife out of a certain Fund, on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called Clay " commonly called The Orphan's Fund, for that Purpeic," in the County of r;and for granting other

was read; v. hereby it appealed, that there were no Powers Powers for amending the said Road, was read a Second

or Authorities therein for keeping the fetid Street in Repair, after the same had been effectually paved by the City of London: And,

Mr. Thomas If her wood, being examined, 'informed your Committee, That he hadapj lied to the City of art! was informed by the Chairman of the Commission-trs of Sewers, that they would not cont'-art for, or carry the Paving into execution, until an Act of Parliament was procured for keeping the same in perpetual Repair.

Mr. William Baf>, being also examined, said, That the above-mentioned Parishes are very extensive, and that f eve nil new Buildings have been credo d cn the East and Well Side of Gofivell Street, which is a very great Im-

Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir William Gain', &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Theodoras Martinas without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Term and Powers of an Act, made in

-for enlarging the

provement to the lame; and that in Process of Time other the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King

Buildings are likely to be built thereon — That the said Street is a very public Street; and that by the great Number of Carriages which daily pals and repass through the lame, the Pavement thereof will necessarily Hand in need of continual Repair.

And the Witness further added. That the before-mentioned Parishes, from their Vicinity to the Fields leading to ljliugton and Places adjacent, are dangerous,

being l'ubjed to disorderly People; and that it would be for the Security of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, and of great Benefit to the Public in general, if a Nightly Watch was established, and a Power granted to remove Nuisances and Incroachments, and to have the said Streets regularly cleankd and lighted. And lie further laid, That the Petitioners are willing to take the Repair of the said Street under their own Management and Direction, and to light and cleanse the fame, upon being inverted with proper Powers for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Eeijer’g

Nat.

Burkton Burn tiro’ Berwick Rose 1.

George the Second, intiruled, An Act for repairing the " Road from the Turnpike Road at Earn, in the

‘‘ County of Durham, through Bcrzupon Tweed, to " Lammerton BUT, and also the several other Roads " therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and " within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,

Common Failures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Bugbrooke, in the County of Northampton-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the more easy and better Lan *0^ce,* recruiting of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines;"

Marine Forces.

Buobrooke

lndoture.

Recruiting

♦be

enable the several Owners and Proprietors of Grounds and for substituting other and more effectual Provisions and Houses, and Inhabitants of Street, in the County of Middlesex, and Saint Botoiph without Aldersgate, London, to keep in Repair, light, cleanse, and watch, the said Street, from The Bars, without Aldersgate, to the End of Mr. Coker % House and

Premises adjoining, beyond the Turnpike Gate, near the End of Goswell Street; and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Alderman Harley and Mr. Byng do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Percy’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Art Divorce, to dissolve the Marriage had between the Right honourable Hugh Baron Percy, Lucy, Fitzpayne,

Bryan, and Latimer, and the Right honourable Ann Baroness Percy, his Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Taefday Three Weeks, the 2d Day of March next, resolve itself into Committee of the whole House, upon the Lid Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also that, they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

in the Place thereof; with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments; into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed!; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 23

A Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Arts, passed for amend-

Gloucester to Stone Roads,

"Jikltone, iHg d12 Road from Gloucester to Stone, and other Roads in Yol. 37.

Leave out " an Art," and instead thereof insert " Two Acts."

1. 25. After " of" insert " his late Majesty. "

1. 25 vLeave out " William and Queen Mary," and 7 and instead thereof insert " George the 26.) " First."

1. 27,"jLeave out "abrogating the Oaths of 28,1 " Supremacy and Allegiance, and

and / " appointing other Oaths," and in-

29J " Head thereof insert " further Security of His Majesty’s Person and " Government, and the Succession of " the Crown in the Heirs of the late " Princess Sophia, being Protestants;

" and forextinguishing the Hopes of " the pretended Prince of Wales, and " his open and secret Abettors."

After " and" leave out " also in an Art,’* and insert " the other."

After " the " leave out " Thirteenth " and Fourteenth Years," and inlert " Sixth Year."

After "of" leave out " King William " the Third," and insert " His present Majesty."

Leave out from the Word " for " to the

1.29,

1.30.

I.31.

1. 32-

124 5 Februarii.A. 1779.

the Word " which" in the 58th Line of the same Press, and instead thereof insert " altering the Oath of Abjuration and Assurance, and " for amending so much of an Act of the Seventh Year of her late Majesty, Queen Anne, intituled, ? " An Act for the Improvement of

j " the Union of the Two Kingdoms,

" as, after the Time therein limited, " requires the Delivery of certain " Lifts and Copies therein mention* " cd, to Persons indicted of High " Treason, or Misprision of Treason.M

Pr, 7. 1. 8 )Leave out " the Laws of Scotland" and and 9.J instead thereof insert " Law."

1. 9. After " be" insert "Justices of the Peace " or."

L 19 1 Leave out " duly qualified themselves and > " according to the Laws of Scotland

' ao. J " for that Purpose," and insert "taken

" and subscribed the Oaths of Al-" lcgiance and Abjuration, and have " subscribed the Assurance, appointed by Law to be taken and subscribed " by Persons in Oftices of public Trust " in

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereujxm, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Bridgewater Mr. Poulett reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the acting Trustees for putting in execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for rc-pairing several Roads leading to the Town of " wa'er, in the County of Somerset; and for amending, " and rendering more effectual, several Acts for amend* ing several Hoads from the Cities of Gloucester and " Bristol, and several other Roads in the said Acts men-

lf tioned, in the Counties of Somerset and was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. James Bryant informed your Committee, That the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads have proceeded to put the said Act in execution, and have borrowed a very considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which now remains due; and that the same cannot be paid off, and the Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof varied and enlarged.

And the Witness further said, That a Branch of ...Road leading from or near a Place called Bancombe tom, in the Parish of Broomfield, to join the Taunton Turnpike Road at or near Gore Inn, in the Parish of Bishops Lydiard, in the said County of Somerset, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious for Carriages, and cannot be made, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

AncI he further informed your Committee, That the

20

f,iid Branch of Road is Part of the Roads included in the said Act; but Doubts had arisen amongst the Trustees, whether, by the Powers of the present Act, they are authorized to make and widen the said Branch of Road, as described in the Petition, ns no particular Place is mentioned in the said Act, where the same shall join the Taunton Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering and varying the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of B idgezvahr, in the County at Somerset, and other Roads

therein mentioned, so far as rcla’es to the Roads leading to the said Town: And that Mr. and Mr. Allen

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Allen reported from the Committee, to whom Bridgewater the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and several of Market, Ac. the Burgesses, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Neighbourhood thereof, and often frequenting the said Borough, and the Market there held, as well on Behalf of themselves as others, was referral;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

James Bryant, being examined, said. That the Market of the said Town being held in the public Streets, the same has been found prejudicial to the Persons who attend there with Provisions and other Goods for Sale, and very inconvenient to Persons resorting thereto; for which Reasons a proper and commodious Market House is greatly wanted there j and that, in order to provide a convenient Situation for erecting such Market House, it will be necessary to purchase and take down several Houses and other Buildings now Handing in the said Borough.

And being further examined, he said, That the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages within the said Borough, are very ill paved and cleansed — That they are rendered incommodious to Passengers, by Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions; and that for Want of the same being properly lighted and watched, frequent Irregularities and Disorders are committed there — That it would tend greatly to the Safety and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of all Persons resorting to or passing through the fame, if Powers were given to remedy the before-mentioned Inconveniences. And the Witness gave it as his Opinion, That in order to enable the Inhabitants of the said Borough to carry the aforesaid good Purposes into execution, the Expence of which would be very considerable, it would be proper to lay a ftnall Toll, to be taken on Sundays, and on the Days of the public Races, and on the Day before and Day after the fame.

Annually held near the said Borough, at the several Avenues leading into the said Town, and into the Race Ground; the Produce thereof to be applied towards defraying the Expences attending the several Works aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a Market House, and regulating the Markets, within the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Borough: And that Mr. Allen and Mr. Poulett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enable William House, the Younger, and House’s others therein described, to take and use the Surname Name.

and

*9 Geo. III. . 50 Febma. 125

and Arms of Newell, pursuant to the Will of William Newell, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. PophatA,

Mr. Tozvnjheud, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’! Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common Stinted Vue.- Pa^ure» and a certain Moor or Compion, within the lvJ ' Manor of West Witt on, in the North Hiding of the County of York, was read a Seconu Time.

Ref. Jveel, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chay-

lor, Sir George Savi/e,&c.: A nd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

p!Ct»- of The House was moved. That an Act, made in the lro/lff Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King Charles tl»e i‘uk" Second, intituled,1 "An Act for advancing the Sale of " Fee Farm Rents, and other Rents," n. gilt be read.

And the tame was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fee ond and Twenty third Years of the 1 Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act " for veiling certain Fee-Farm Rents, and other small " Bents, in Trustees," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Ltave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, for the Time being, to make a compleat and efildual Dilpofiiion of certain Fee-Farm Rents, and other Kents, within the Survey of the said Duchy, therein mentioned: And-that the Lord Hyde and Mr. Ord do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

to Sheet The House was moved, That the Order made Yesterday, " That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for " enlarging the derm and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for rcpiir! g and widening the Road from the " Top of While Sheet Hill, in the Prirish of " Saint Andrew, in the County of , through the " Towns of Shaftesbury, Miiborne Pert, and,

" in die Counties of Dorset anJ to the Halfway House in the Parish of Netiuotberwife Lower " Compton, in the said County 01 Dorset, and several " other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sher- borne aforesaid," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said O:\Lr be discharged.

The House was allb moved, That the Report, which v.as Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act; for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill,

" in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the d owns of

‘‘ borne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties ot Dorset " and Somerset, to the'Half-way House in the Parish of

" Nether Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and " several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury " and Sherborne aforesaid and also of an Act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the before-mentioned Act of Parliament, and repairing other Roads adjoining to the Roads in the said former Act mentioned, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet HU, in the Parish of Ddnhea Saint Andrew, in the Vol.j?.

County of Wilts, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Dorset, Somerset, and Wilts: And that Mr. Penruddock, Mr. Goddard, and Mr. Mortimer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the Woollen Yarn imported into Great Britain from Ireland, since the last Account delivered in to this House.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Confident ion the several Returns which have Ticen made to the Order of this House, of the 16th Day of December last, " That there be laid before this House, " an Account of Persons convicted of Felonies, or " Misdemeanors, and now under Sentence of Imprisonment in the Gaols and Houses of Correction in the " City of London, and the Counties of Ejffex,

" Kent, Herts, Surrey, and Suffix, specifying their respective Crimes, the Time when, the Term for " which, and by what Court, each Person has been imprisoned; together with an Account of the Allowance made for the Maintenance of such Persons, and " in what Manner they are employed."

And the said Returns were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the lamej and report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Charier -bury, S'r George Tonge, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee a e to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon the 15th Day cf April, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee who were appointed to enquire into the Measures which have been adopted and pursued, for carrying into execution an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to authorize, for a limited Time, " the Punishment, by Hard Labour, of Offenders, who, " for certain Crimes, are, or shall become, liable to " be transported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and " Plantations and also into the Effects produced by the said Act; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to authorize, for a limited Time, " the Punishment, by Hard Labour, of Offenders, who, " for certain Crimes, are, or shall become, liable to be " transported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and " Plantations."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the several Acts relating to the Transportation of Offenders.

A Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Corlifte to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fletcher, Sir fames Lowther, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

RefAved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-K k in?

Account; Wo./llcii Vara.

Committee on the Returns of Felons

CarJifle

to

Penrith

Road,

Supply.

126

5* — 8* Fe

A. 1779.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

wd Meant. ;ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to contider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna:, 8® die Februarii; Anno 190 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1779. Praters.

rpHi? Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration option. J[ the Petition of John Esquire, complain-

ing of the undue Election and Return of George Stratton, Esquire, for the Borough of Callington, in the County of Cornwall, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Stleft Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House:

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 106 Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box, which had been before prepared, and put into Six Glaftes; and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Thirty-two Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Alexander P opium, Esquire, be’>ng drawn, he was nominared to serve on the said Sclent Committee, by the Ccunfel for the Petitioner, and his Name was set aside.

And the N unes of Seventeen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Two other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House^ One, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, which he had before verified on Oath; and One, on Account of his Return to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Sitting Member nominated James Adair, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Names were delivered, by the Clerk, to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Cltffterfield, Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers 01 ’ of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign

of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " A11 " Act for repairing and widening the R ;ad from Chesterfield to the Turnpike Road at Hern/lone Lame Head; " and also the Road branching from the said Road, upon " the Enjl Moor, through and Wardltw, to the - " joining of the said Roads again near Mires;

" and also the Road leading between the said Road and " Branch, from Cc.lver Bridge to Bridge; and

" also the Road from the Turnpike Road near Monday " haven House to the Turnpike Road near Grindleford " Bridge, in the County of Derby:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, " in the County of York, through the Towns of I lather-lt sage, Hope, and Caffeton, to Sparrowpit Gate, in the " County of Derby; and from the Guide Pujl, near " Barber s Fields Cupola, through Grindleford Bridge, " Great Hucklow, Tidjwell, Wall, and Fatr-

" field, to Buxton, in the County of Derby," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, Thar the Bill be commuted to Lord Cavendish, Mr. Elves, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Gufereported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act; far enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Nineteenth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an " Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his " late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the " Road from Cue City of Glo to Stone, and other " Roads therein mentioned, and for making the said " Act more crleftual; and the other palfed in the " Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing Two Acts " of Parliament, the one passed in the Thirteenth Year " of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the " First, for amending the several Roads ieading from " the City of Brtflol, anil the other passed in the Fourth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain " and amend the same Act, and for making the said " Acts more effectual; and also for repairing other " Roads therein mentioned; and for making all the said " Acts more effectual; and for repairing, widening, and " keeping in Repair, several other Roads," was referred, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 251I1 of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bilft, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examinee! the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty was read: And,

Mr. Conway Whithome, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in execution, except as to lo much thereof as relates to the Bristol District of Roads, and to the Road leading Iro n the City of Gloucester to the Ninth Mile Stone near The Clay Pits, on the said Road leading from Gloucester to Stone; and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Mo-'ncjb on the Credit of the said Act, which, witly the Tolls, have been duly applied in the Repair of the respective

ShefMi

&TC.

KovL

Gloixtfkt t> Suite K uat, fruit the 9 Milestone*

19 Geo. III. 8° Februarli. 127

spective District of Roads comprised therein; that the and a!so of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others,

laid Money remains due, and cannot be paid off, and of the said County of Berks, whose Names are there-

thelaid Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and had examined, and found that such Part of the Stand-

some further Powers granted. ing Orders of the House, of the a$th of 1774,

And the Witness added. That the Whole of the relative to Turnpike Bills, as din its Notice to be Roads comprised in the said Act arc upwards of Eighty aihxed upon the Door of the Scfhon House at the Miles in Length; aid that if so much of the said Michaelmas Quarter Session of the County, where the Roads, except as is before excepted, were separated Roads to be repaired do lie, have been complied with; from the other Distri&s of Roads included in the said and that the Notices directed to be given in the News-Aits, and Complied in One Ait of Parliament, it papers, in the Months of and September, had

would be attended with leis Inconvenience to the Truf- been published Three Times in the Month of;

tees, and prevent Confusion, and the Reason why they were not published in the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Newspapers within the Time required by the Standing to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Order, was, that although Application had been made Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging the to the Trustees by the Gentlemen in the Neighbour-Terms and Powers of several Acts, paded for amend- hood, to widen the said Lane, and make the said Road, ing the Road from Gloucester to Slone, and other Iloads the Trustees had not determined to do it till after the in the said Acts mentioned, so far as the same relates to Time limited for giving the Notices; and that the the Road from the Nine Mile Stone on the Brftol Road, Committee had also examined the Matter of the said

at or near a Place called 7 ‘heClay Pits, to or near the Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as Chapel at Stone; and also the Roads to and near Berk- it appeared to them, to the House; and he read , the ley, Durjley, Wotton under Edge, Stroud, and Sudbury', Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at

and the several Roads leading from the River Severn, the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as and crofting the lard Road from Clone ester to Stone, all followeth; viz.

in the County of Gloucester: And that Sir William Guise To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

and Mr. Barrow do prepare, and bring in, the fame. James Payne and Mr. Wentnan said. That the lane,

called or Lane, leads from the Turn-

WVfe sheet Mr, Penruddock prdeuted to the House, according pike Re ad, near the Market Place, in the Town of Jtoad.* to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Maidenhead, and is about 63 Yards long, and very Two Aits of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth narrow, and unlafe for Passagers; and that many and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Ma- Accidents have happened, and several Persons have jesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the lost their Lives within these few Years, from meeting Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of DonheadCarriages therein, as there is not sufficienc Room to Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, and several avoid them; and that, in order to widen the fame, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of to render the Passage thereof safe, it is necessary to Dorset, Somerset, and Wilts: And the same was re- purchase certain Cottages, Tenements, or Heredita-ceived; and read the Full Time ments, or Parts thereof; all which are of very small

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Value.

And it appeared to your Committee, That the Upton Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Owners of all the Premises necessary to be purchased Ac"f’ the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and for widening the said Lane had been applied to, and Kraili. enlacing the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty- had given their Consent to fell the lame, except Ann fifth Year of ti e Reign of his late Majesty Ring George Hall, who is Owner of a Kitchen Garden; a very the Second, for repairing an I amending the several small Part of which will be necessary to be purchased Roads leading from tire Well End of Upton Bridge, in in order to widen the said Lane, and carry the same in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of Tirley, in the a straight Line; and who gave no Reason why she County of Gloucester, and to the Parish of Colwall, in the refused her Consent.

County of Hereford, and to the further Side of aP ace Mr. Wenman and Mr. Dean being examined, hid,

called The Rid Green, in the Road to the City of Wor- That the Road near Maidenhead Bridge, along the Side cester, and through a Place called Robert's End Street, of the River Thames, to Ray and Coolham, beta Malvern Chase, in the said County of Worcester, was ing about 500 Yards in Length, is very low, and fre-committed; That the Committee had examined the questiy overflowed, and very dangerous to Travellers; Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and when overflowed, the Passenger cannot distinguish and that the Committee had gone through the' Bill, and the Road from the River; and that if the Courie of made several Amendments thereunto; which they had the Road.was changed, and a new Road made, in a directed hitn to report to the House; and he read the cl ire 61 Line from a Stone or Land Mark in Fou/ten Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Mead, in the Parish of Cookham, to join the Turnpike with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Road at or near Turnpike Gate, on the

the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Euft Side thereof, it would be a great Benefit and Se a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- curity to all Persons having Occasion to make use of the tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the said Road.

House. And it appeared to your Committee, That the

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Owners of ti e Land, over which the said Road is ingrafted. proposed to be made, had been applied to, and had

given their Consent that the Road should be made over idtnhead Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom their Lands in the Line proposed.

j|r!dge the Petition of several Trustees for putting in execu- And the Witness’es added. That by widening the tion so much of an Act of Parliament, made in the Lane, and making it commodious for Carriages, it Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- will tend to increase the Tolls upon ti e piefent Turn-tituled, " An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge pike Road; but. that no Toll is proposed to be colthe Powers, of several Acts of Parliament, for re- le6led from any Person for passing or repassing along " pairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Read- the said Lane or new intended Road.

" ing, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for " the County of Berks," as relates to the First District widening and repairing a Lane, called Pitt's or Shep-of the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act* pard’s Lane, leading from the Market House, in the Yot. 37. Tow*

Scotch

tkrgy’s

Widow!.

Market Raisin lacio tore.

Calling ton Election.

Supply.

Ways and Mean*.

128 8® — 90Februarit. A. 1779.

Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, towards

Cookham, in the said County; and for turning the of* die Februarit J

Course of the present Road, leading from Ray Mills

and Ctvkham, to the Turnpike Road near Maidenhead tr>« r.^rcr'S rif"' rt^lc

And that Mr. Elwa and Mr. Maatr A 9 ° 7'5

Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Prayers.

A Rill for the better railing and securing a Fund for a Provihon for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Matters, in the Universities of Andrews, Glasgow, Edinburgh, and Aberdeen; and for

repealing Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth and Twcnry-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for those Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Dun das, Mr. Dun das, &c. j And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Pari 111 of Market Raisin, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Lord Brownlow Bertie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been (truck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Alexander Popham and James Adair, Esquires, Being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Humphry Sibthorpe, Esquire, Thomas Frank I and, Esquire, William Drake, Junior, Esquire, John Baring, Esquire, Rowland Holt, Esquire, Barne Barne, Esquire, John Mayor, Esquire, Edward Gybbcm, Esquire, Sir William Middleton, Baronet, Sir Henry Gough, Ba-

ronet, Charles Dundas, Esquire, James Martin, Esquire, Henry Goodricke, Esquire, Alexander Popham, Esquire,

James Adair, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of James Morjbead, Esquire, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the tifual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

AMESS A G E, by Sir Francis Gentle-

man tjfher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords autliogzed by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring H s Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Com mi (lion under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Af-sent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Arch-bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Prelklent of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and foveral other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills* and that the Lord Archbishop of , and the

L«ord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Antherfl, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Biils; which Bills are as followeth;

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the more ealjr " and better recruiting of His Majesty’s Land Forces " and Marines and for substituting other and more elTeftual Provisions in the Place thereof:

An Act for allowing the Importation of fine Or-ganzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vef-Ids, for a limited Time:

An Act for repairing the Highways, and Bridges, in the County of Linlithgow and Bathgate:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fixrh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike " Road at Buckton Burn, in the County of " through Berwick upon Tweed, Co Lammerton Hill; "and also the several other Roads fht rein mentioned, " lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of " the said Town of Berwick

An Act to enlarge, explain, and amend, the Powers given in and by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for dividing and indoling the Open and Common Fields, Common " Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable " Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, " Parish, and Liberties, of Floore, otherwise Flower, " in the County of Northampton;" and for making the same more effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of in the County of Northampton:

An Act for naturalizing Theodoras MiJ-

pelblom Beijer.

Ro} d AffenT

to

Bills.

!r

r

*’.61

j*

Mr. Tudzvay presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a new Assize or Town '

Hall, and Markec House, within the City and Borough *

19 of

10 Geo. III. o’ Febrm 129

of Wells, in the County of Sometfet, and for regulat-

ing the Markets within the said City and Borough: And the same was received; and read the First 1 :me.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Of.nl Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the „..u Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Tithes' Impropriate, Pro-priations of Tithes, and Saleable Underwoods, within the Hundred of Cosford, and in the Parish of PoIJied, in the Hundred of Babergh, in the County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and all others chargeable with, and contributing to, the Maintenance and Belief of the Poor within the said Hundred, is referred.

crtvaux’5 Sir Ralph Payne presented to the House, according Na. to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Peter -

vaux: And the same was received; and read the First

Time.

Rffolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bury The Lord Hinc/tingbrook reported from the Com-Rwd. mittee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road " from a certain Place in Bury, in the County of " Huntingdon, through War boys. Old Hurst, Saint Ives,

" Hilton, Eltijley, Warefley, and Pot ton, to " a House, called The Spread Eagle, in Stratton, within " the several Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and " Bedford," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be tree; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had dinefted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Croft An logrolled Bill for dividing and inclosing the ScUun. Open fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, of Croft, in the County of Leiceffter, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, of Croft, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford, do carry the Bill to the Loidsy and (1 eft re their Concurrence.

-irrreefler A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, to and Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of -

Cndisdc lade, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are there-l0" ‘ unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find a Petition has been presented to the House, by the Inhabitants, and others, of and near the Borough of in the County of Gloucester, for the renewing an Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the High Road leading from the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of through the Parishes and Tithings of Cirencester, -terton, Sid ding: on, Preston, and South Cerney,

in the said County of Gloucesand Latien and Crick-lade, in the County of Wilts, to the Borough of Criek-lade, in the said County of W; and that a Part of the Road, by the said Act intended to be repaired, containing about Half a Milo in Length, and leading into the; Borough of Cricklad, has notr through some Vot>v 37.

Mistake or otherwise, been repaired by the Trustees appointed by the said Act, by Means whereof the said Piece of Rsbad has been wholly repaired by the Inhabitants of the said Borough at a very great Expence: And therefore praying. That the Road, intended to be repaired by the said Act, may be extended from the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to the High Cross, in the Borough of Cricklade, in the said County of Wilts, by which Means it will join the Turnpike Road, leading from the Town of in

the County of Berks, to the Town of FJalmesbury, in the said County of Wilts, and thereby be of the great-eft Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, paded in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act: " for regulating Madhouses," for a further Time therein to be limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Townshend took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Townshend reported from the Committee; That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; wmch they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Heath, or Waste Land, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of in the County of Warwick,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Herbert Mackworth, Mr. Baker, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Edward Bayntun reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, who have lent and advanced Money on the Credit of an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Cross Keys, other-

wile Brickers Barn, in the Parish of Cor (ham, in the " County of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge, in the " County of Somerset," and also of several Gentlemen of the said County of Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; whereby it appeared, that the Term

L1 thereW

Regulating

Madhouses.

Coleftill

Inclosure.

Corsham

Roads.

Duchcy of Eancaster Estates.

Accounts;

Coiton

Wool.

Million,

&c*

Inclosure

130 ' o° Februarii A. 1779.

thereof will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament. Then,

A Member present informed your Compiittee, That the Reason why the Trustees had not given Notice of their Intention to apply to Parliament in the present Session, agreeable to the Orders of the House, was owing to a Misconstruction of the General Law relating to Turnpike Roads, which they imagined had given an additional Term of Five Years to the Term of the said Act. And he added. That there is now due and owing upon the Credit of the said Act, upwards of £.2,000, which will be loft to the Creditors if the Term of the said Act is not continued.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the ensuing Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, and by Advertisements in the public Newspapers, published within the same Counties, in the Months of March and next, or One of them, of the Application to Parliament for a Continuation of the Term of the said Act, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774,0! Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, to make a compleat and effectual Disposition of certain Fee Farm Rents, and other Rents, within the Survey of the said Duchy, therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Cotton Wool, of the Growth of the British Colonies, imported annually into that Part

of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1767 to Christmas 1777; specifying the respective Quantities in each Year from the several Countries; And allb.

An Account of all Cotton Wool, of Foreign Growth, imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1767 to Christmas 1777 specifying the respective Quantities in each Year from the several Countries: And allb,

An Account of the Cotton Wool, exported annually from that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1767 to Christmas 1777; distinguishing the Foreign from what was the Growth of the Plantations, with the Amount of the Duties paid in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming and establishing the Division and Allotment of the Common or Open Fields, and Common Downs, within the Manor of and

Brigmerston, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

JS

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Herbert Mackworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road " from Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge, through,

" to Baldersby Gate, adjoining to Hutton , in the " Way to Ripon, and through A inderby,

" and Nojlerfield, by Well Flashes Gate, to in

" the County of York; and likewise for removing " the Toll House and Turnpike Gates at Busby " Stobb, in the said County, to some other convenient " Place in the Road leading from Boroughbridge to " the City of Durham," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Algernon Percy presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Alemouth, through the Town of Alnwick, to Rothbury, and from thence to the Town of Hexham; and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jocky's Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland; and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being relating to Sewers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Herbert Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Herbert Mackworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Ewer have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and offered to present to the House,

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, apd read;

Setting

Thirsk

&c.

Road.

Alemouth

to

Hexham

Road.

Lawt

relating to

Sewers*

Turkey

Company.

19 Geo. III.

9° — ii°

131

Setting forth, That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey has, for a long Series of Years, been carried on by a Society of Merchants incorporated by Charters, and regulated by Acts of Parliament; and that, in order to carry on the said Trade with Safety, and to protect His Majesty’s Subjects in the Dominions, it has been found necessary that there should be an Ambassador lent from to reside

at Constantinople; and that there should be Consuls and Vice Consuls, and other Officers and Servants, in the other Parts of Turkey, where any British Subjects re-(ide, and where the English Merchants carry on Trade, the whole Expence whereof has been borne by the Turkey Company, which, together with many other necessary Expences incident to the carrying on of the said Trade, has of late Years amounted to near Ten thousand Pounds per Annum and that the Trade to and from Turkey, once so flourishing, is now, in Consequence of many unavoidable Events and concurring Circumstances, much reduced; and that the Assistance, which has been formerly granted to the Petitioners by Parliament, enabled them to pay off the Debt they had incurred, and to lower their Duties, which were (b high as to be a Burthen the Trade was not able to support and'that the Petitioners, having found themselves, by the former Bounty of Parliament, and by the Consequent Revival of their Trade, in a Situation to support their Expences during the last Three Years without Assistance, did not then make any Application, but they are fcnlible that they should not discharge the Duty incumbent upon them by their Charter, nor the Justice they owe to the Public, for whom they consider themselves as Trustees, if they did not declare their present Inability to support their necessary Expences, notwithstanding the y have found it expedient

A’

Jovist ii° die; Anno 190 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1779* Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing the Division and Allotment of the Common or Open Fields, and Common Downs, within the Manor of Milston and Brigmerston, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming and establishing the Division and Allotment of the Common or Open Fields, and Common Downs, within the Manor of Milston and Brigmerston, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddo do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of South Motion, in the County of Devon, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 5. After " Ashes" to insert " Soap Allies."

1. 6. After " whatsoever " to insert " except " Lime."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. *

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

Million,

«tc.

inclosure.

South Molton Roadi.

to raise their Duties again, unless relieved by Parlia- be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the ment: And therefore praying the House to take the powerSj of an Act> made in the Thirty-second rYear

Premises into Confederation, and to grant them such Assistance as may be thought necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

Leicester,

See.

Road.

of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of South Molton, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Sir George Tonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Thomas Skipwith presented to the House, accord-

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and

lofo fnr r^nniftnur (-Ka frnm tnA Knmnoh _ ^I O _ 11 t 1 . t t» n r.

Mariners

and

Seamen.

late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashbftde la-Zouch, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pownall, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

A Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Ten of the Clock

Vol. 37

Binton and ft

Drayton

Inclafire.

Bury

Road.

other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Binton, and in the Hamlet of Drayton, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of WarwickAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-eight Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road " from a certain Place in Bury, in the County of " Huntingdon, through Warboys, Old Saint Ives,

" Hilton, Eltijley, Warejley, Gamlingay, and Potion, to a " House called The Spread Eagle, in Stratton, within " the several Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and " Bedfordwas read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from a certain Place in Bury, in the County of Huntingdon,

through Warboys, Old Hurst, Saint Ives, Hilton,

" tijley, Warejley, Gamlingay, and Potton, to a House called The Spread Eagle, in Stratton, within the several " Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford."

Ordered, That the Lord H do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Three Wendover Acts, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King ham

George " ro^.3

Hartsmere

&c.

Poor.

West

Stower

Tythes.

Piperi Inn through Glaftunbury Road.

132 , 11 0 Februarii. 779.

George the First, and in the Fifteenth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from IVendover to the Town of Buckingham, and other Roads in the County of Buckingham, so far as the same relate to the Road from the West End of the Town of to within Half

a Mile of the River Colne, near Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. frailer, Mr. Drake, See.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the several Hundreds of Hoxne, and Thredling, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Mortimer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extinguishing the Cattle Gates or ^eas upon certain Stinted Pastures within the Parish of West Stower, in the County of Dorset, and for allotting certain. Lands in Exchange for the Glebe Lands, and for the said Cattle Gates or Leas belonging to the Impropriator of the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. 7‘udway reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts made, one in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Pipers Inn, i:i the Parish of Ashcot, in, the County of Somerset, to and through Glaston, otherwise Glastonbury, and Wells, to the Direction or White Post, in the Great Western. Road to the City of Bath, and also from Wells to Rush Hill, leading to the City of Bristol; and the

other in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road leading from " Pipers Inn, in the Parish of Ashcot, in the County of " Somerset, to and through Glastonbury and Wells, to " the White Post on the Great Western Road to the " City of Bath, and from to Ru/k. Hill, leading

" to the City of Bristol-,"and for repairing and widening several other Roads leading from the City of Wells; and also of several other Gentleman, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Somerset, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative. tQ Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

18

Mr. George Bay/ey being examined, said, That the Trustees for the Care of the said Hoads have proceeded to put the said Acts into Execution, and that great Progress hath been made in the Repair of the said Roads; that there is now owing on the Credit of the said Acts the Sum of £.5,170, which Debt cannot be discharged, and the Roads kept in Repair, unU-ls the Terms of the said Acts are enlarged, the Tolls encreased, and some further Powers given to the Trustees.

And the Witness further said. That the Road leading from Piper's Inn to Athelney Bridge, in the said County of Somerset, is in a ruinous Condition, and unfate for Travellers, and-cannot be repaired by the Laws now in being; and that the amending and widening the said Reads would be of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, lor repairing the Road from Piper's Inn to Glastonbury, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Some; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from per's Inn aforesaid to Athelney Bridge, in the same County: And that Mr. Tudivay, Mr. Child, Mr. Pop-ham, and Mr. Phe/ips, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentleman, Clergy, and Freeholders, redding in the Counties of and

Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees in a certain Act of Parliament, patfed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of " Market Harborough, in the County through

" the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to " the City of Coventry," and several other Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in the said Counties; and also the Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Craven, and also the humble Petition of the honourable Mary Leigh, Committees of the Person and Estate of the Right honourable Edward Lord Leigh, a. Lunatic, were severally referred; That the Comnp'tee had examined, and found that such Part of the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, as directs Notides to be affixed upon the Doors of the Session-Houses at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the Counties where the Roads to be repaired lie, had been complied with; and that the Notices directed to be given in tire News-Papers, in the Months of Attguffand September, had been published in the Leicester and Nottingham Journal, and in the Coventry Mercury, the last Week in the Month of September, and the Two first Weeks in the Month of October-yand that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions and had directed him to report the feme, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove tire Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Humphry Worthington being examined* said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed near £. 8,000 upon- the Credit of the Tolls, which now remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually repaired, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Worthington, and Mr. William Wdghtman,

being

Harborough

Roads.

to GeO. Ill* 11° Febrilariu 13 3

being examined, said} That the Trustees for the Care of the Road directed to be repaired by the said Act, have been under the Necefllty of changing the Course of the said Road, and carrying the same across a CJole called Woodhill C/oJ'e, in the Parish of ,the

Property of Lord Leigh, whereby a small Part of the said Clofc, containing One Acre, One Rood, and Twenty eight Perches (and not worth more than Twenty Shillings per Annum) is separared from his other Lands, and is become of little Value to the Occupier thereof} that Lord Craven hath agreed to give a Piece of Ground of equal Value, containing One Acre Three Roods and Twenty-four Perches (Part of a Field called Nether Held, within the Liberties of bey, the Property of the said Lord , and ad-

joining to other Lands belonging to the said Lord Leigh) m Exchange for the said Piece of Ground lb fe-para^cd as aforesaid.

And the Witnesses added. That the said Exchange will be for the Convenience and Benefit of the said Lord Leigh.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repining and widening the Road from the Town of ketHari/orottgh, in the County of , through the

Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City

of Coventry: And that Mr. H, Sir John Palmer, and Mr. Darker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Mr. Hungerfordpreferiftd to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Places, in the I ordships or Liberties of Knight Thorpe and Thorpe Acre, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the Firth Time.

Rejo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thomas ToWtiJJ/end, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating Madhouses," for a further Time therein to be limited, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill} and which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read} and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendment, be lngrolfed.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, who were

appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1779 j That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accord ingly; which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth } <.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1779.

Bay to 30,840 Private Men, at u. each, 28 Days - 4 - 4 - -

D° to 7c Adjutants, at br. a Day each - - 4 4 - - - - .

D® to 1,542 Serjeants, at ir. a Day each *-4-44--D® to 1,200 Drummers, at bet. a Day each - - 4 - - - - 4

For additional Pay to 30,840 Private Men, for going to the Place of Exercise,- and returning, calculated.upon an Average of Four Days Pay each Man -

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at 2 s.6 a Week, each - - 4

D°..... — to 70 Drum Majors, at Gd. a Day each 4 - - 4

D’------ to 1,542 Corporals, at 6 d.a Day each, 28 Days -

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at £. 50 a Year each - 4

Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at -

D®----- to each Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, for contingent

Exnences, at the Rate of 6 d.per Month for each Private Man and Drummer 4 CFathing for 30,840 Private Men, at £. 1. 1 or. each -

D®--- — for 1,542 Serjeants, at £.3. for. each ----- 4 - -

D°----- for 1,200 Drummers, at £. z each - 4

For additional Pay for cloathing 54 Serjeant Majors, aftd 54 Drum Majors, at each - . ——

Subsistence to 498 Captains, at 7 s.6 d.each per Day, for 28 Days -

D’----10561 I.ieutenants, including 2 Lieutenants to Grenadier Companies, at

31. 6 d.each, for 28 Days -

D®-----"to435 Ensigns, at 3/. each, for a8 Days 4 - - 4 4

Ly-

43,176----

7=665 — — 28,141 10 —

10,950 -« —

6,168 —

455 -

628 1c — *

1,079 3 —

3,500 — —

4,000 — —

10,023 — 46,260 — — 4

5*397 -

2,400 — — -

108 — — 5>z29~

2,748 i& ~ 1,827----

179,766 11 —

Vol. 37.

M m

t

Knight Thoj pe inuolur*

keeutnting

AlAdhotilefct

MTt'a

and

Cloathing*

134 ii ° Februarii.1779*

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

Kilburn Mr. Alderman IVilkes reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Road execution several Acts of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of Queen , the Eighth of George the First, and the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highway between a certain Place called Kilburn Bridg, in the County of and Sparrows Herne, in the County of Hertford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read thp Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the f^me was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Russell, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said, That the Sum of ,£.1,700 is now due upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which has been laid out in the Repair of the said Highway or Road; and that the same cannot be repaid, and the Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made therein.

William Harr if on, Esquire, confirmed the above Evidence; and added, That great Numbers of narrowwheeled Carriages pass along the said Road, which are leaden with Ashes and other Manure, and carry excessive Weights; and that such Carriages are not l'ubject to be weighed. That it is proposed either to lay a small additional Toll on such Carriages, or to limit them in their Weights. And he further said, That several other Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made in the said Acts, in order to enable the Trullees to keep th'e said Road in good Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament; made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the Eighth Year of King George the First, and the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Mtddltfex, to Sparrows Herne, in the County of Hertford: And that Mr. Alderman Wilkes and Mr. Byng do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Zouch'to ^r’ Pre^en*e^ the House, according to Or-'lutbury der, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Komi. enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from ,in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in Tut bury, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cirencester Mr. Chester reported from the Committee, to whom to the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Stroud Roid. execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dud-bridge, and also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bifey, so far as the Bottom of Gulpb Hill, all in the County of G/ouce/ler, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, re-18

lative to Turnpike Bill?, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth ;. viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Charles Coxe, being examined, said. That a con-

fidcrable Progress has been made in amending the said Roads, in doing which, the Trustees have duly applied the Tolls, together with the Sum of £.800 borrowed on the Credit thereof. That the said Debt ftiil remains, and cannot be paid oft', nor can the Roads be eftl-dlu-ally and completely amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill io enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, afild in tire Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of to

the Town of Stroud, and that Part Hitl

which leads to DudbriJge; and also the Road leading from Cirencester towatds Bifley, so far as the Bottom of GutphHill, all in the County of Giouccfler: And that Mr. Chester and Sir William Guise do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Wake presented to tire House, according ’to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Lepton, in the Parish of Kirkheain the Well R ding of the County of York:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile reported fmm the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repaiiing and widening the Road from Deuffury to Ealanin the We ft Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774. relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the Jdoufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Joseph Armitage, being examined, said, That in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, a considerable Progress has been made in amending the Ltd Road, in performing which, the Tolls have been duly applied, together with upwards of £.3,000 borrowed upon the Credit thereof. That the said Sum remains due, and cannot be paid cif, nor can the Road be effectually and completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged.

And being further examined, he said, That if Powers were given to divert the Course of the said Road in some Instances, and to wider, it in some particular Places, it might be altered much for the Benefit and Convenience of the Public; and that some Doubts having arisen concerning the Spot-where the Ro_d directed by the said Act to be repaired, ends, it would be proper to have its Termination ascerta.ned by the new Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the

Powers,

T.cpton

I.iuoiiue.

Dewfhury

ro

Boland

Ro*d.

J

tg Geo. III. l\° Februarii. 135

Powers, of an Act, made in (lie Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dewsbury to , in the West Riding

of the County of York: And that Sir George and Mr. Walter Stanhope do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

IhSiinton Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given thanked, to the Reverend Doctor , Chancellor of the

Church of Lincoln, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House, at Saint Margaret's fVe/l-piinfer; and that lie be desired to print the same: And that the Lord North, Mrv Charles and Mr. Graves, do acquaint him therewith.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Call of the The House was called over; and the Names of such House. Members as made Default to appear, were taken down.

And the Names of several of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared; and One was excused on Account of his being in the Custody of the Marshal of the Admiralty.

The Name of the honourable Thomas Fi/zmaurice being called over, and he not being exculed;

Ordered, That the honourable Thomas Fitzmaurice do attend the Service of this House, upon this Day Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Instant February.

The Name o ijohrr Aubrey, Esquire, being called over,

and he not being excused;

Ordered, That John Au, Esquire, do attend the

Service of this House, upon this Day Fortnight, the 15th Day of this Instant February.

The Names of others of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared; and One was excused on Account of illness.

The Name of the Lord Viscount Fairford being called over; and it being offered as an Excule for him that he was in Town;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 18th Day of January 1742, of the Proceedings of the House on the House being called over, might be read.

And the same w'as read accordingly.

The Lord Viscount Fairf appeared. The Names of others of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared; and the rest were ex* custd, on Account of the Death of a near Relation, or as being out of the Kingdom on public Service, or on Account of illness.

The Name of John Durand, Esquire, being called over, and lie not being ex. uled;

Ordered, That John Durand, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House, upon this Day Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Instant February.

The Names of others of the Defaulters being called Over, several of them appeared; and the rest were exculed, on Account of illness, or as being in Parts beyond the Seas,' or absent in the Service of the Public, or as being on the Road, and expected this Night or To-morrotv in Town.

The Name of Charles Fitzroy Scudamore, Esquire, being called over, and he not being exculed;

Ordered, That Charles Fitzroy Scudamore, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Instant February.

The Names of all the other Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared; and the rest (except Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, the honourable Peregrine tie, Henry Cruger, Esquire, Edmund Burke, Esquire, the honourable James Luttrell, the honourable Chailes James Fox, Glynn Wynn, Esquire, and the Earl ot Fife) were excused on Account ot their own Illnels, or of the 111 -jiefs of a near Relation, or as being out of the Kingdom, or as being out of the Kingdom in the Service of the Public, or On some private Affairs of Importance, or Vox. 37.

as being on the Road to Town, and expected very soon, or on Account of the Death of a near Relation, or of some extraordinary private Avocations.

The Name of Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, being called over, and he not being excused;

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, do attend the Service of this House, upon this Day Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Instant February.

The Name of the honourable Peregrine Bertie being called over, and he not being excused;

Ordered, That the honourable Peregrine Bertie do attend die Service of this House, upon this Day Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Instant February.

The Name of Henry Cruger, Esquire, being called over, and he not being excused;

Ordered, That Henry Cruger, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House, upon this Day Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Instant February.

The Name of Edmund Burke, Esquire, being called over, and lie not being excused;

Ordered, That Edmund Broke, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

The Name of the honourable Luttrell being called over, and he not being exculed;

Ordered, That the honourable James Luttrell do attend the Service of this House, upon Morning

next.

The Name of the honourable Charles James Fox being called over, and he not being exculed;

Ordered, That the honourable Charles James Fox do attend the Service of this House, upon this Day Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Instant February.

The Nameot Glynn Wynn, Esquire, being called over, and he not being excused;

Ordered, That Glynn Wynn, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House, upon this Day Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Instant February.

The Name of the Farl of Fife being called over, and he not being excused;

Ordered, That the Earl of Fife do attend the Service of this House, upon this Day Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Instant February.

Ordered, That such of the said Members, as Hr all not attend the Service of this House upon the Days on which they are respectively ordered to attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Sir Herbert Mack-worth have Leave to make a Motion, it being Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Thirflc, Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Road from Thir/k, over Skipton Bridge, through Balderjby, to Baldcrjhy Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor,

" in the Way to Ripou, and through A inderby. Quernhow, and Ncfierfield, by Well FGate, to Masham,

" in the County of York j and likewise for removing " the Toll House and Turnpike Gates at Busby " in the said County, to some other convenient Place " in the Road leading from Boroughbridge to the City " of Durham," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the’Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Thu fit,

" over Skipton Bridge, through Batderjby, to Ba/derjby " Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, in the Way to Rif on,

" and fh rough Ainderby, Quern how, and by

" Well Flafics Gate, to Masham, in the county of;

" and likewise for removing the Toll House and Turnpike Gates at Busby Stobb, in the said County, to " feme other convenient Place in the Road Lading " from Boroughbridge to the City of Durham."

Ordered,

136 11° — 12 Februarii. 1779;

Ordered, That Sir Herbert do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

— — - — a- — ..... >1 a 1 mm.

Veneris, 12° die;

Anno 190 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

Wr O I R Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee,

Pretlon O ro whom the Petition of several of the Trustees

Hoads. appo.tired to put in execution several Acts of Parliament, m ule in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of

King George the First, and the fourth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, fur repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from W to in the County Paiatine of Lancaster, was referred } That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to

Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Henry Bickerjiaff, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and borrowed the Sum of £. 1,000 011 the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Roads, which cannot be paid off, and the said Roads properly amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, and some additional Powers grantee) 1° the Trustees for those Purposes; thac the whole Roads included in the said Acts is about Twenty-six Miles, and that there is only One Toll taken upon the whole Roads in One D,ay. And being examined as to the Situation of the present Gates, he said. That the Places where the Gates are to be erected, are fixed in the Acts; that one is about Two Miles from Prejlonand the other about One Mile and an Half from And the Witness

added, that the Trustees have no Power to ered Gates at any other Places upon the Roads. And he further said, That Travellers, and Persons who live within the Two Gates, could make use of upwards of Twenty Miles of the Road*without paying any Toll; that is to say, Fourteen Miles upon one Branch, and Six or Eight Miles upon the other; and that a great Number of Carriages, belonging to Persons who live between the Two Gates, make use of the Road without being liable to pay any Toll for their Coals, Kennel, and ether Goods: And by the said Acts, Carts drawn with One Horse only are exempt from Toll; and that in Consequence of this Exemption, it is usual to bring Coals in Carts with narrow Wheels, and drawn with Three or Four Horses, for several Miles upon the Road, without going through any of the Turnpikes, and to leave those Coals at their own Houses, near the Turnpike Gates, and afterwards to carry such Coals through the Gates, in Carts drawn by One Horse only, and thereby evade the Payment of the Tolls for such Coals: He further said, That there were a very great Number of Carts out of the Field Country, with Wheels under the Breadth of Six Inches, which come over Preston Marfk, and over the new Bridge, and get upon the Turnpike Road within the Walton , and ' - *7

then travel several Miles upon the Road, for the Purpose of fetching their Coals and Kennel, without paying any Toll. And the Witness added. That the chief Damage done to the Road was, by the Carts of Persons who pay no Toll: And he said. That the said Acts require several Amendments and Alterations, and that the same might be better and more easily executed, if the several Clauses and Provisions necessary to continue in Force were reduced into One Act of Parliament.

Mr. 77 homersAddifon confirmed the above Evidence,

except with respect to the Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lrmcafier; and for repealing several Acts, made itl the Thirteenth Year of King George the Fuft, and the Fourth and Twenty-third Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads;

A Petition of the principal Owners and Occupiers of Lands adjoining and lying cont guous to the Turnpike Road from the Town of Wigan to the Town of Preston, in the County Palatine of ,was pfe-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was obtained, for making the said Road a Turnpike Road, in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, which has been continued and enlarged by other Acts down to the present Time, and the Term granted by the last Ad is now fubhfling, and wili not expire till the ift of June 1783; and that, in Ccr.le-quence of the Powers granted by such Acts, the said Road hath ever since been ordered aqcl repaired under the Controul, and by the Direction, of the Commissioners therein named, and hath been greatly improved, and rendered more commodious to the Public; and that Two Turnpike Gates were erected upon the said P.oad, one at Waltcn-in-le-Dale, about a Mile and a Half from

Preston, and the other at Wigan Lane, about the like Distance, or Two Miles, from Wigan, where the Tolls and Duties imposed by the said Acts have ail along been collected; and that the Petitioners are apprized, that an Application is made for Leave to bring in a Bill for repealing the Acts now in Force respecting the said Roads, and for granting a new Term and further Powers to the Commissioners therein to be named; in which it is proposed to be enacted, that Two additional Toll Gates be erected on the said Roads, one near the Town of Charley, and the other near P with many other material Alterations from the former Acts, which the Petitioners conceive are unnecelfiiy, and ought not to pass into a Law, because they apprehend they are not the bed Schemes that might be devised for more effectually improving the said Road,

and conducing to public Utility; and that the proposed Amendments would be highly injurious and of preffive to the Petitioners, and a very great Number of other Individuals residing near the Places where such new Gates are meant to be erected: And, for asmuch as the said Act is framed without the Consent and Approbation of a very great Majority, not only of the Commissioners under the former Acts, but of the

Land Owners residing near the said Roads, and Persons moll materially interested therein, therefore praying, That the said proposed Act may not pass into a Law this Session of Parliament, in order that the Petitioners may, before another Session, cause General Meetings of the Trustees, and other Persons most interested in, the said Road, to be had, when they doubt not some Plan, more beneficial to the Public, and more equitable and agreeable to Individuals, may be adopted; and they trust this their Request will be complied with, for the Reasons above fugsjefted, and more especially as there is yet a Term of Four Years and a Half unexpired by the Ad now subsisting.

to

Preilon

Road*

19 Geo. III. xi° Februarii. 137

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the more effectually repairing, widening, and amending, the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Roads from Wigan to Prejion, in the County Palatine of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the

Lancaster; and for repealing several Acts made in the Road from the Town of Market Harborough, in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, and the Fourth County of , through the Town of Lutterworth, in

and Twenty-third Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said County, to the City of Coventry: And the same the said Roads: And that Sir Henry lloghton, General was received; and read the First Time.

Eurgoyne, Mr. By eg, and Major Stanley, do prepare, and , That the Bill be read a Second Time,

bring in, the lame.

Mr. Yeo reported from the Committee, to whom St.Michael’s* Aftwith Sir John Goodricke preferred to the House, according the Petition of Benjamin Toms, Clerk,. Vicar of the Coventry, Incloscr;. to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, Parish and Parish Church of Saint in the City Tythes.

certain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of , and of the several other Persons whole

of Ajkwith, in the Parish of Weston, in the County of Names are thereunto subscribed, Occupiers of Houses,

York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And Buildings, and Gardens, within the said Parish of Saint the same was received; and read the First Time. Michael, for and on Behalf of themselves, and the rest

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred*

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the Co<.ford Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, to said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, and whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

Poor*1 Princ'P3* Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Report in his Place* and afterwards delivered it in at the

Houses, Tithes Impropriate, Propriations of Tithes, Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol-

and Saleable Underwoods, within the Hundred of Cos- loweth; viz.

ford, and in the Parish of Poljled', in the Hundred of To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr*

Babergh, in the County of Suffolk, whose Names are Richard , being examined, said. That the Right of

thereunto subscribed, in Behalt of themselves and all Patronage and Presentation to the Vicarage of Saint

others chargeable with, and contributing to, the Main- Min is veiled in His Majesty, in Right of tcnance and Relief of the Poor within the said Hundred, His Crown.

was referred; That the Committee had examined the Then an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of Philip Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to and intituled, "An Act for the Payment of Tithes

report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; " in the City of was read: And,

and he lead the Report in his Place; and afterwards Mr. being examined, said, There have

delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was been certain Rates and Duties paid to the Vicar of the

read; and is as followed); viz.laid Parish for many Years, but that no Claim has

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. been made under the said Act; that the principal Part Thomas Grimes, being examined, laid, That the Poor of of the Vicar’s Income arises from the Laid Payments, the several Parishes within the said Hundred of Cosford, which form but a very incompetent Support for him, except the Parish of Hadleigh, and also of the Parish of and are inadequate to the Duty he is required to per*

Poljled, in the Hundred of Babergh, within the said form; that if the Claims of the Vicar under the said County, have of late Years greatly increased, are now very Act were to be enforced, they would be found highly numerous, and are maintained and supported at a much burthensome to the Parishioners, and would be pro-greater Expence than formerly. duftive of Litigations and Difiensions between them

That the granting proper Powers for the better govern- and the Incumbent; for which Reason they have agreed ing the Parishes within the said Hundred, except the said to raise by a Rate, in those Parts of the said Parish Parish «f Hadleigh, and also the Poor of the said Parish which lie within the City and Suburbs of Coventry, of Poljled, and the providing a Place for their general certain Sums of Money, to be paid to the Vicar for the Reception, will tend to the more effectual Support and Time being, in Lieu of the said ancient Rates and Pay-Relief of such as are rendered incapable of supporting ments, and of all Rights and Claims that can or may arift themselves by Labour, to the Correction and Punishment under the said Ash >

of the Profligate and Idle; and to the Educat ion of poor Mr. D' Arcy Bolton being then called,* produced to Children in Religion and Industry; and that he appre* your Committee the Agreement entered into by the

hends the Poor will thereby be maintained at a less Ex* present Vicar, and certain of ilie Parishioners, for the

pence than formerly, and that the same will be of public above Purpose.

Utility. . Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing certain Payments, to be made to the Vicar of the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Michael, in the City of for the several Parishes within the Hundred of Cosford, the Time being, in Lieu of Tithes and for repealing so except the Parish of Hadleigh, and also-of the Parish much of an Act of the Fourth and Fifth of Philip and of Poljled, within the Hundred of Babergh, in the Mary, as relates to the Payment of Tithes in the said County of Suffolk: And that Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Parish: And that Mr. Yeo and Mr. Hungerford do pre-J MUles, and Mr. Holt, do prepare, and bring in, the pare, and bring in, the fame,

fame.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts White Sheet arfmere, An ingrossed Bill fer the better Relief and Employment of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty- Hill,

&c. of the Poor, within the several Hundreds of Harffmere, pinth Years of the Reign of Jbis late Majesty, for repairing R&c-ioQU Hcxne, and Thredling, in the County of Suffolk, was read and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, °a ’

the Third Time. in the Pari so of Donhead St. Andrew, in the County of

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Wilts, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the 'Counties of Dorset, Somerset, and was read a Second Poor, within the several Hundreds of Har/jmere, Hex tie. Time.

and Thredling, in the County of Suffolk. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hung er/otd.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury do. carry the Bill to Sir And they are to meet

.the Lords, and dcflre their Concurrence. this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers

..Chamber,

Met - Mr. Hungerford presented-to the House, according

borough to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering . Sir George Savile presented to the House, according wds. VOL. 37, ~ ‘ No to

Dewibury

to

Ealand

Road.

Maidenhead , Bridge Roadt.

Upton Bridge, Be c. Roads.

Bedford , Level Drainage.

138 12° Febrwni. 1779.

to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dewsbury to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for widening and repairing a Lane, called Pitt's or Sheppard's Lane, leading from the Market House, in the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, towards Cookham, in the said County; and for turning the Cour e of the present Road, leading from Mills and Cookham, to the Turnpike Road near Maidenhead aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from the West End of Upton Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of in the County of Gloucester; and to the Parish of in the County of Hereford-, and to the further Side of a Place called The Rid Green, in the Road to the City of ter; and through a Place called Robert’s End Street, to Malvern Chafe, in the said County of was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and amending several Roads leading from Upton, in the County of Wireejier, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for amending the Road leading from the White Cross, in the Parish of Hanley Cqfile, in the said County, to the River Severn.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto. . subscribed. Owners or Proprietors of Lands lying in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, and in the Manor of C-rozv-land, adjoining thereto, was referred; that the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follower h; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reij>n of King Charles the Second, for settling the draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was read; whereby it appeared, that a Power was granted to lay Taxes on 95,000 Acres of Land, allotted as a Recompence for draining the said Great Level, in order to the Support, Maintenance, and Preservation of the said Great Level, and Works made and to be made for that Purpose, as by the said Act is set forth.

Then another Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, " Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly *5

" called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke " of Bedford and Earl of; and for enabling

the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part " of the said Great Level, to raise Money to discharge " the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts " of the said Corporation; and for ascertaining and " appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North " Level; and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of was

read; by which it appeared, that the several Parts of the said Great Level were distinguished by the Names of The North Level, The Middle Level, and The South Level, respectively: And it was thereby Enacted, That all the Taxes, Rents, and Revenues, of the said Corporation, arising from the said North Level, should be applied to raise, and keep in Repair, certain Works therein mentioned; and that the Lands and Grounds in the said North Level, and the Lands called sand, within the Manor of Crowland, intended to be drained under the Authority of the said Act, were divided into Five Districts, in Manner therein mentioned, and Commissioners were thereby appointed and directed to meet Annually, and assess and charge the Owners of the Lands within the said Districts, except as therein is excepted, with equal and proportionable yearly Rates and Taxes, not exceeding One Shilling per Acre Yearly during the First Four Years, and not more than Six Pence per Acre in any One Year after the Expiration of the said Four Years, payable to the said Commissioners; and they were thereby impowered to borrow, at Interest, £.14,000 on the Credit of the said Taxes, which, with the said Taxes, was directed to be applied in certain other Works for draining the said Five Districts, as therein mentioned. And,

Mr. John Wing, Treasurer to the Commissioners, being examined, said. That the said Sum of £. 14,000 was borrowed, and now remains due, and has been applied by the Commissioners, together with the Surplus of the said Taxes, after keeping down the Interest, to the Works directed by the said Act, and in executing divers other necessary and expensive Works for the Improvement of the Wisbech River, pursuant to another Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Pari (lies of Tid Saint Giles and Newton, in the " Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and Tid Saint " Mary, in the County of Lincoln," which directs the said Works to be maintained by the said Commissioners, out of the Rates and Taxes afielTed upon the said North Level.

Then'another Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing a Fund " for Payment of the Bonds of the Governor, Bailiffs,

" and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators " of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford " Level; and for exchanging the present Bonds of the " said Corporation for other Bonds payable out of the Revenues of the Middle and South Levels, Part of " the said Great Level; and for enabling the said " Corporation to borrow further Sums for the Use of " the said Great Level,* was read; whereby it appeared, that the said Corporation was impowered to borrow upon Bonds £. 5,000, for the Use of the said North Level, to be charged on the Taxes, Rents, and Revenues, of the said Corporation, arising within the said North Level. And,

Mr. John Brown, Clerk to the Register of the Bedford Level Corporation, being examined, said, That the said Sum of £. 5,000 has been borrowed, and applied for the Use of the said North Level, and now remains due.

Then an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to

" enable

munt;

Eicifc,

19 Geo. III. 12 Februarii 139

" enable the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of *« the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford , to complete and maintain the principal Banks and Works necessary to " the well draining and preserving the North Level, " Part of the said Great Level; and for laying Taxes " upon the Lands within the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of " Crowland" was read; which recites. That divers Breaches had happened in the North Bank of Moreton's Leame, and that the said £. 5,000 had been expended, and other Debts contracted, upon Account of the necessary Works of the said North Bank, and other Works belonging to the said Corporation, upon Account of the said North Level; and the said Act directs, that all the Lands within the said North Level, and the Lands called Portsand, except as therein excepted, should be taxed Yearly, in the following Manner; that is to say, All the Lands within the North Level, with a Tax of Sixpence an Acre, and the said Lands called Portsand, with Three Pence an Acre, payable to the said Corporation; and the said Corporation were thereby impowered to borrow further Money upon Bonds, to be charged on the said Taxes; and that the said Taxes, and Money to be borrowed thereon, together with the other Taxes and Revenues arising, and payable to the said Corporation from the said North Level, should be applied, but without Prejudice to the Payment of the said D*bt of £.5,000, in and towards the Charges of the several Banks and Works directed to be maintained by the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second. And,

Mr. Brown, being again examined, said. That the

further Sum of f. 20,000 has been borrowed upon Bonds, for the Purposes of the said last mentioned Act, and now remains due. And,

Mr. Wing, being again examined, said. That the Surplus of the Taxes payable to the Commissioners, after keeping down the Interest of the Debt of £. 14,000, is inefficient to maintain the Works to which the same is applicable. And,

Mr. Wing and Mr. Brown further said. That the Taxes, Rents, and Revenues, payable to the said Corporation from the North Level, after discharging the Interest of the said Debts of £. 5,000 and £. 20,000, and paying certain Salaries to their Officers, are inefficient to maintain the several Works to which they are applicable. Then,

Mr. Wing, Mr. Thomas Hare fine, and Mr. Emerson Harrifin, informed your Committee, That without further Aids, the several Banks for preserving the said North Level, will be in Danger of breaking in Times of high Floods, whereby the said Lands may be drowned, to the great Loss of the Proprietors, and to the Prejudice' of the Public. 1

And Mr. Wing added. That if Power was granted to raise further Taxes', for a limited Time, for discharging the said Debt of f. 14,000, and for the further Support and Maintenance of the said Works, it would be very beneficial to the several Persons interested.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for charging the Lands within the North Level, Part of the Great Level. of the Fens, called Bedford , and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of with further Taxes, for a limited Time, for discharging the Debts incurred by the Commissioners under an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, and for better supporting and preserving the Drainage of the said Lands: And that Sir John Hynde , Sir Sampson Gideon, Mr. Wyldboreand Mr. Gould, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Grols Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Ex-'Vou 37.

cile, for Three Years last past; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Busses which have been cleared out for the White Herring Fishery, at the several Ports in Great Britain, from the 5th Day of January 1771, as far as the same can be made up; with the Number of Men, Tonnage, and Quantity of Fish taken.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been produced out of His Majesty’s Customs in England, and are applicable to the Payment of the Bounties for the White Herring Fishery, from the 5th Day of January 1771, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accoun.t of the Monies which have been produced out of His Majesty’s Customs and Excise in Scotland, and are applicable to the Payment of the Bounties on Vessels employed in the White Herring Fishery, from the 25th Day of December 1771, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Bounties which have been paid by the Receiver General, of, His Majesty’s Customs in England, on the British White Herring Fishery, from the 5th Day of January 1771, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Bounties which have been paid by the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Customs and Excile in Scotland, on the British White Herring Fishery, from the 5th Day of January 1771, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Herrings entered for Home Consumption, in Scotland, from the Year 1771 to the Year 1778, both inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Herrings exported from Scotland, from the Year 1771 to the Year 1778, both inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Foreign Salt imported into Scotland, from the Year 1771 to the Year 1778, both inclufivd; distinguishing each Year.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of " Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of " His Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that the Lord. Mulgrave, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.' Solicitor General,. and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Honourable Admiral Augufius for his distin-

guished Courage, Conduct, and Ability, in defending this Kingdom in the Course of the last Summer, effectually protesting its Trade, and more particularly for his having gloridufly upheld the Honour of the British Flag on the 27th and 28th of July last.

A Motion

Accounts; White Herring Fishery.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Account; Salt.

Government

of Ships and Force* . by Sea. *

Admiral

Keppel

thanked.

140

12* — ‘-i 50 Februani.

A. 1779,

Members not to be concerned in

Con lr*£is.

Mariner*

and

Seamen.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for restraining any Person, being a Member of the House of Commons, from being concerned himself, or any Person in Trtlft for him, in any Contraft made by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance,'or by any other Person or Persons for the public Service, urdefs the said Contraft shall bfe made at a public Bidding;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tcl.cs for ,h= Yeas,"*'} .58. Telle, for, he Kocs,{^«'"- {,43.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Jefinings , Sir

Mawbey, Sir George Savile, Mr.

2nd Mr. Bytig, do pfepare, and bring in, the said' Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committed of the whole House* upon the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels, be now read.

And this said Order being read accordingly;

The House refolded itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gohfc through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him td report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Charge exhibited by Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Pailifer against the Honourable Admiral Augujlns

Keppel, on which the said Admiral has been tried by a Court Martial; and also of the Sentence of the said Court thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of all the Proceedings of the said Court Martial.

-The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

j - -v , j

"Wavs ., Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

and Me*ns. ing next, resolve itself info a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing

the Supply granted to His Majesty.;

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

qj. 1 i -- — j — ------------_______-

Lunai 150 idie Februttrii;

Anno 19? Georgii III'" Regis, 1779.

i K *

Pr Ayers.

SIR Thomas Skipwitli prfefented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allotting, dividing, incwiure. 'inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, an^ 16

Grounds, and Common Or Waste Land, within the.

Parish of Aven Daft'ett, in the County of Warwick r And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and B’nfon Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Com- 31^ndofurc00 monable Lands, in the Parish of Pinion, and in the*

Hamlet of Drayton, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Skipwitli, Sir John Palmer, dec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wigan to Preitoa Roads.

Knight

Thorpe

lndoture.

Callington

Hiedtion.

Admiral

Keppel.

Sir Henry Hoghlon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from Wigan to "Bjidlpn, in the County Palatine of; and for

repealing several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, and the Fourth and Twenty-third Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Places, in the Lord ships or Liberties of Knight Thorpe and Thorpe Acre, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Palmer, Sir Thomas Skipwitli, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Holt, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Morjhead, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of in

the County of Cornwall, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That George Stratton, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Callington, in the County of Cornwall.

And also. That the said Committee have determined.

That John Morjhead, Esquire, is not duly el eft ed a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

And also. That, there being an Equality of legal Votes at the last Election of a Burgess-to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Callington, the Committee, have determined that the said Election is void.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant , to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Callington, in the County of Cornwall, the last Election for a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough being declared void. / -

A Bill fbt extinguishing the Cattle Gates, or Leas, West Sterner upon certain Stinted Pastures, within the Parish of West Tythes. Stovjer, in the County of Dorseti and for allotting cer- . tain Lands in Exchange for the Glebe Lands, and for the said Cattle Gates, or Leas, belonging to the Impropriator of the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mortis mer. Sir Thomas Skipwitli, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A till for building a new Assize or Town Hall, CitvofWe'is

and- Market House, within the City and Borough of Assize Had,.

&c-

Chffterfield,

&c.

Road*

Broom

Inclosure.

American

Commissary

General

flimwdl

Vent

to

Iiaftingi

Road.

io Geo. III. 15® Februarii 141

Wells, in the County of Somerset; and for regulating the Markets within the said'City and Borough, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tudway, Mr. Mortimer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-fecund Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act: " for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield " to the Turnpike Road at Hernstone Lane Head; and " also the Road branching from the said Road, upon " the East Moor, through Bajlow and Ward low, to the " joining of the said Roads again near Wardlozv Mires; " and a lo the Road leading between the said Road " and Branch, from Calver Bridge to Bajlow Bridge; " and also the Road from the Turnpike Road near " Newhaven House to the Turnpike Road near

" ford Bridge, in the County of Derby," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Curzon, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Wrottesley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Broom, in the County of And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A 1 aper, intituled, " Appointment of a Commissary " General of Stores, Provisions, and Forage, in Consequi nce of the American War."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, Tint the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preftrved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Medley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees appointed in and by a certain Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act M for repairing and widening the Road leading from " Fiimvell Fent, in the Parish of Ticehurst, in the " County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Hajlings, " in the said C-unty," and of several other Persons whole Names are thereunto fel, living near, and usually travelling, the said Road, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Ttlden, Clerk to the said Trustees, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which has been duly applied in the Repair of the said Road. And he added, That the said Road cannot be kept in effectual Repair, nor the Money so borrowed paid off, unJcfs the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some further Powers granted.

Vol. 37.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in & Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell rent, in the Parish of Ticehurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Hajlings, in the said County: And that Mr. Medley, Lord George Lenox, and Mr. Dickenson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

Sir Charles Bunbiiry presented to the House, according Cosfofd

to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment an5* of the Poor of the several Parishes within the Hundred of Cosford, except the Parish of Hadleigh, and also of the Parish of Polfled, within the Hundred of in

the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rice presented to the House, according to Order* Kidwelly* a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers &c-of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, <Ja Si for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen; and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County, so far as relates to the Roads included in the Kidwelly District; and also for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County: And the same vVas received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rice presented to the House, according to Order, Ludloivfach, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the &c. Roads leading from Ludloivfach, in the County of Car- Roac*-martlun, to the Town of Llandovery, and from thence through the Town of Llangadock, to the River,

and several other Roads in the said County, communicating the rewith: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Salt do make the Report from T?.plew the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in- t»dofur«< doling the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Taplow, in the County of Buckingham, was committed.

Mr. Salt accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands and Estates within the said Manor and Parish, of the Annual Value of £. 120, who refused to lign the Bill, but had no Objection to the Inclosure; and also, except the Owners of Lands and Estates, of the Annual Value of 90, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands and Estates of Persons having Right of Common upon the said Manor and Parish are rated at the Annual Sum of £. 1,450; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout 5 and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

O o Ordered,

i4*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

15° Februarii.

A.

*779

A(Viby-

de-la-

Zouch

td

Tmbury

Road.

Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading " from the Town of Lc.ntrijjent, and also the Road leading from Newbridge, to a Place called The Old uace, ail in the County of Glamorgan," whose Names are thereunto fubl'cribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition has been

Bill to divide the

to bring in a

o b

the said Act mentioned; and

Gander Lane to

Sheffield,

&c.

Road.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of presented, for Leave Leicester, through Burton upon Trent, in the County of Trull of the Roads in Stafford, and to the Cock Inn, in Tulbury, in the said that the Trustees, acting under the said Act, have County, was read a Second Time. made a yonsiderable Progress in the Execution thereof,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William and have borrowed the Sum of £.3,100 and upwards, Bagot, Mr. Popham, Stc.: And they are to meet this which now remains due, with a confxderable Arrear of Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Interest, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Chamber. Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term of the Lord George Cavendish reported, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy,

Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Derby, and of the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: W'here the same was read; and is as toiloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Sain if rth iVroebeing examined, said, That the Road

near Gander Lane, in the County of Derby, to Sheffield,

in the County of York-, and also the Road branching out of the said Road, at or near Mojbrouffi Green, by Eckington, Remffhaw, and Bar/to Clown, in the

laid County of Derby, are in many Places ruinous, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be repaired by the Laws m being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Hoad from Gander Lane, in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also the Road branching out of the said Road, at or nyar Green, in

the said County of Derby, to Clown, in the same County: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Curzon, and Lord Richard Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Account; Linen Yarn.

e<l

Ill-

Army; Mutiny and Desertion.

LantriiTent Road s.

The House being informed, that Mr. Milford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Linen Yarn import-info Scotland from Ireland, from ill January 1771 to January 1778, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of die Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the who!.: House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se-. vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of several of the Creditors, Trustees, and others, concerned in an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An

said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That P.rovision may be made in the said Bill, lor enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Creditors, Trustees, and others, concerned in an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the " Town of Lantriffenl, and also the Road leading from " Newbridge, to a Place called The Old ,all

" in the County of Glamorgan," is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Official Letters that have palfed between Philip Stephens, Esquire, Secretary to the Admiralty, and the Honourable Admiral Augufius relative to the late Court Martial held on the said Admiral.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the

7 a

Journal of the House upon the 16th Day of February 1729, of the Address of this House to His Majesty, that He would be graciously pleased to direct the proper Officers to lay before this House, an Account of what Offices or Employments under the Crown have been erected since the 25th Day of October 1705, with what Salaries have been annexed thereto, the Dates of the first Commission, and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons who now possess the lame, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His. Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to di-rest the proper Officers to lay before this House, an Account of what Offices or Employments under the Crown have been created since the 25th Day of 1705, with what Salaries have been annexed thereto, the Dates of the First Commission, and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons who now possess the iame.

Ordered,

Mariners

and

Seamen.

Admiral

Kcppei.

Account of

Increase of Offices.

Iccount of

0: tiers

in 1705.

Call of the House.

R.iincock's

Xame.

| Laws relating to Sewers.

19 Geo. III. 15® — 16°

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, art Account of the Offices and Employments under the Crown, existing on the 25th Day of 1705, the

Number of Officers, employed at that Time in each, with their respective Salaries; and also an Account of the Number and Names of the Officers in each Department, with their Salaries, as they flood on the 5 th Day of January last, distinguishing the ' Time when any Encrease in the Number of such Officers, or their Salaries, was first made.

The Name of John Durand, Esquire, who made Default to appear upon the Call of the House, and was ordered to attend the House upon this Day, was called; and he appeared.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enabie John Raincock, and others therein described, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Fleming, pursuant to the Will of Fletcher Fleming, deceated: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Herbert Mackvoorth according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being relating to Sewers, was committed, the Amendments whiih the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they bad direct-d him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Application of Fines and Amerciaments.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, impowering the Commissioners to purchase any Person’s Interest in Fines and Amerciaments.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be' made Part of the Bill.

Februarii. 143

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Sever.night,

the 25th Day of this Instant , resolve itself into a

Committee of the whple House, to take into Consideratiort the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Commerce of Ireland.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Six Months.

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 16° d

Anno 19® Georgii III"1 Regis, 1779. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Bncere, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, for Three Years Jafl pad; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

Vol. 37.

Trade and „ Commerce of Ireland.'

Supply,

Ways and Means*

Account;

Custorus

and

Excise.

144 i 6° FebruariiA. 1779.

An ACCOUNT of the Gross Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, for Three Years last past; distinguishing each Year; viz.

Years ending 5th July - 1776. I >777- 1778.

Excise on Strong and Small Beer, Cyder, Vine- r r j r j r J

gar, Mead, I<ow Wines, Spirits, imported a. S u. J I*

Liquors, and Sweets - - 1,818,946 *3 Ili 2,915,116 10 Ill 2,961,443 4 2*

Cyder, commenced 6th July 1766 - - 17.378 8 n 18,197 — 61 10,389 9 3h

Malt, Old - - - - 694,95° 12 1 682,629 10 4i 688,479 19 —

Malt, Additional - - . - 341.545 5 10$ 334,773 18 341,044 *3 5f

Hops - - - - 41,70s 1 icf 125,825 4 7 4 43,761 *7 3i

Candles - m m 198,802 12 11 203,083 6 6.i 205,776 4 1

Sope - - - - I95»413 — 6| 217,871 7 3' 21 1,014 — 8i

Paper - - - - 28,888 10 sX 30,542 *7 ey .1 04 30,428 H 5i

Callicoes, See. - - - 126,003 *3 1 138,026 16 127,704 8 6

Wire - - - - 4,i34 9 l°-t 3,750 — 6 3,711 1 /» J

Starch - . - - - 46,433 7 40,697 10 io7. 38,874 — 21

Hides - I 219,748 7 2 227,204 3 7 — 229,656 — 6|

Coffee - - 27,078 ’3 5i 26,778 7 hi 26,209 9 I 1

Chocolate - - - 1°,351 14 3 IO,359 8 2 8,533 5 Si

Tea " - - 483>°73 3 10: 45L393 *7 2 450,869 1 4

Plate Licences - - - 8,28a 2 4 8.493 7 9 8,084 13 61

Spirituous Liqi uors Licences - - 70,632 3 6 71,683 14 1 74,264 — ICi

Glass - - - 90,1 26 *7 — 96,349 19 9 131,826 9 6|

Coaches - - - 95,830 *3 11 115,050 17 i 14,254 *3 81

New Duty on Plate, repealed 5 July 1777 1 1,720 8 4$ *5,949 *4 4 472 10 —

Auctioneers and Auctions, commenced 30th Sep-

tember 1777 - - " - - - - 23,479 11 ic|

Total - - 5>531>°49 — 2 5,733,777 *3 V; 5,730,277 8 8]

Excise-Office,

15 February 1779.

Gout/ion Accomptant General.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Corn and Grain imported imported, into Great Britain from 1769, as far as the fame can be made up; distinguishing each Year, and each Species, and the Places from whence the same were imported.

Call of the The Name of the Honourable who

House. made Default to appear upon the Call of the House, and was ordered to attend the House upon this Day, was called; and he appeared.

Aik with A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain Inclosure. Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of Jjkwith, in the Parish of Weston, in the County of York; and for other Purpose-s therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Goodricke, Sir William , Sec.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

22

J. Windham Bozvxer. Geo. L. Scott.

W. Lowndes.

IV- Burrell.

J. poivnafl.

H. Legge.

St. Brookjlank.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Market enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty- Harborough eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the 1'own of Market in the County of Leicester, through the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City of Coventry, was read a Second Lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Palmer, Sir John Goodricke, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom Hoofed the Bill to enable William House the Younger, and Name, others therein described, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Newell, pursuant to the Will of William Newell, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found llie same to be true; and that the Committee had directed Kim to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. 1

Ordered \That the Bill be ingossed.

A Bill

Alemomh

to

Hexnarn

Routt*

Lepton

IndufurO.

Admiral

KcJppcl*

Dewsbury

to

EaJand

Road*

Paper*

relprrting hi\ India Adairs.

BrifM

Roads.

jovernment

Ot 6 III pi

and Forces ty 6a.

19 Geo. III.

A Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from A'emouth, through the Town of , to,

ami Iro n thence to the Town of Hexham; and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Hoad between wick and Rothbury> to Jocky’s Dike Bridge, in the Coun* tv of Nor 1 /turn her Iand, anti for making more effectual

Pronlion for the Repair of the said Roads, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Algernon Percy, Sir William Middleton,: And they are

to meet this A.'ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Townlliip of Lepton, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in tire West Riding of tire Coun-

ty of York, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'o/ved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Wale, Sir George Savile,h: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Puller, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral -of Great,

presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Copies of the Charge, and " Judgment of the Court Martial, lately held on the Honourab'e Admiral Angnflus

And the Title of the said’Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Seffiori.

A Bill for Continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for iepairing and widening the Road from Dewfoury to Ealand, in the West Hiding of the County of York, was read a Second Time. .-.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr.- Townshend, &c.: And they, are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House, Copies of the 17th,

18th, 19th, 20th, 21 ft, 22d, 23d, and 29th, Paragraphs of the General letter from the Governor and Council of Fort Saint George to the Court of Directors of the Bast India Company, dated the 4th of July 1775.

A Bill for repealing the Acts passed in the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Years of King George the Second, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Bristol, and for granting other Powers for that Purpose; and for making and maintaining a new Road from the Turnpike Gate near Stokes Croft, in the Horseld Road, to the Turnpike Gate rear the Blackbirds, on the pleton lload, near the said City, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chester, Mr. Brett, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Midgrave presented to the House, according to Older, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second* intituled, "An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into One u Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces by " Sea:" And the same was received; and read the First -Time.

V oL. j7.

145

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That tl»e laid Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for tire better Supply of Mariner3 Marinen and Seamen to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, »"d

and on board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships Seamen,

and YAcftels, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That tire Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to lerve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Met chant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Elwesreported from the Committee, to Whom

the Bill to enable Nathaniel Lee Acton, Esquire, and Name, the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Lee, before, and jointly with, the Surname of A cion, pursuant to the Wiflof Baptist , Esquire, deceas-

ed, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for widening and repairing a Latie, called Maidenhead Pitt's or Sheppard's Lane, leading from the Market Bridge House in the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of ^oad* Berks, towards Cook ham, in the said County; and for turning the Course of the present Road, leading from Ray Mills and Cookham to the Turnpike Road near Maidenhead aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes,

Mr. Brett, he: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in tire Speaker’s Chamber.

Rfolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be gracioufty plealed to give George Directions that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Commission appointing the Right honourable George Germain, commonly called Lord George Germain,

One of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is Taplow concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Taplow, in the County of Buckingham; which Bill was Yesterday reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And the said Bill, being ingrossed, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Taplozv, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Salt do c«yrry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till To-mpnvw

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ep

16° Febru.

AnfVer

to

Address

for

Account,

&c.

Leicdlcr,

&c.

Road.

FlimwfU

V^nt

to

Hayings

Road.

Bristol

Roads.

146 17° Februarii. 1779.

Mercurity17* die "Februarii;

Anno 19* Georgii III'" Regis, 1779. Prayers.

THE Lord Hinch'tngbrodk reported to the House,

That their Addresses of Monday last and Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Account and Copy therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to llis Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Sir John Palmer reported from the Committee, to whom the B.il to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twei.tv-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of , to the

Town of Act by-de-la-ZoucJt, in the said County, was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone thr-.v. h he Bill, and made fevcal Amendments thereunto; wt.ich they had directed him to report to the House , and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feverahy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ihgrofled.

Mr. Medley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George tire Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell Vent, in the Parish of in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Hafiings, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Thornbury, in the County of and of others

using the Roads herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of the several Acts for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol; and al-Itging, that the Road from the at

in the County of Gloucester, on One of the said Roads, called The Horfield Road, through the said Town of Thornbury, to Stone, in the same County, would be a Road of great Public Utility, if the same was properly widened, amended, and kept in Repair, which cannot be sufficiently dontf by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for amending and widening the said Road, and keeping the same in Repair, by and out of the Surplus of the Tolls arising on the said Road called The Horfield Road, after the several Purposes to which the said Tolls are by the said Act appropriated, shall be fully answered.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Chester, Sir Charles -bury, kc.:And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-7

ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Clifton, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, That Leave has been given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the'Term and Powers of the several Acts for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol; and alleging, that it would be very convenient for the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Clifton, and its Neighbourhood, and to all others resort ing thereto, if a Road was made from a certain Branch, called The White Ladies Road, of One of the said Roads, called The Aujl , to a Lane in the said Parish of Clifton, called Gallows-Acre Lane, which would be about 150 Yards in Length; and that so much of a Lane, leading from a House in the City of Bristol, called The Red Ledge, to aforesaid,

as lies between the Top of and the End

next Bristol of that Branch of the Avjl lload, which is usually called The White Ladies Road, cannot be kept in Repair by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the making and repairing of such new Road, and for the keeping in Repair of w much of the said Lane, or Way, as is before mentioned.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Long Ashton, in the County' of and others

using the Road herein after mentioned, was also presented to the House, and.read; likewise letting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for enlarging tire Term and Powers of the several Acts for amending the several Road leading from the City of Bristol; and alleging, that the Road leading from a Place near the Sign ot Y Coach and Horses, on One of the said Roads, called The Road, and in the said Parish of Long Ashton, to The Cross Hands, at the Top of Clerken Coomb, also in the said Parish, is much out of Repair, too narrow in some Places,'and cannot be widened, amended,-.and-kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being; and that the said lload would be very useful if properly amended: And tiierefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for widening and repairing the said lload, and keeping the same in Repair.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Leigh, Saint George, Port bury, and in

the County of Somerset, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, by the Votes, that 1 eave has been given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the several Acts for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol; and alleging, that the Road from the Two Mile Stone on One of the said Roads, called The Ashton Road, to Rownham and from*

thence over Leigh Down, through Leigh, to Pill, and from Pill, through Saint George's and Port bury, to the

Sign of the Blue Anchor at Port [(head, is capable of being made a useful Road, but is much out of Repair, and too narrow in many Places, and cannot be widened, repaired, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road.

A Pet ition of divers Inhabitants of the Parish of Bit-ton, in the County of G/oncester, and of the Parish of Keynptam, in the County of Somerset, and of others, Subscribers thereto, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise letting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, by the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the several Acts for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol; and alleging,-that the Lane, or Way leading from One of the said Roads, called The

Bitten

Briftoj

Road*.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Government or' Ships and Force* by Sea.

Sir H.

PdUifer.

Market

Raisin

Inilofurr.

tfor.’l

Name.

io Geo. III. ij° Februari 147

Bitton Road, at Brockham'sHill, in the Parish of Bition, in the County of Gloucester, to Bruise, and from the said Bridge to another of the said Roads, called The Brijlington Road, is much out of Repair, and can-

not be amended and kept in Repair by the laws now in being: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for amending the said Road, and keeping the same in Repair.

And the 'laid Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition, of federal of the Inhabitants of the Town of in the County of Gloucester, and of others using the

Roads thereinafter mentioned, is referred: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the lame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fecund. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for amending, explaining, and reducing into One " Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces by " Sea," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed.

Replied, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejoined, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, relblve it fell into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of any Proceedings that have been had at the Admiralty, relating to a Trial to be had on the Conduct of Vice Admiral Sir HughPallifer in the Engagement with the Breech Fleet on the 27 th and 28 th of July last.

Lord Brmmlotv Bertie reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Market Rajin, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That, the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774,' relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire (fled him to report to the House; and he read the Report’' in his Placeand afterwards delivered the Bill/ ,with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and rhen a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroUed.

A ring ofied Bill to enable Nathaniel Lee A Ft on Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Lee, before, and jointly with, the Surname of Alien, pursuant to the Will of Baptist Lee, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time. '

Repined, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Nathaniel, Lee , Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Lee, before, and jointly with, the Surname of 'Alton, pursuant to the Will of Baptist ,. Esquire, deceased.

Vol. 37V ‘

Ordered, That Mr. Elites do carry the Bill to the Lords, and tiefire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chaytor reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and'he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:, Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Lewis Crinfoz, being examined, said. That he is an Exi-

' porter of Printed. Linen and Cotton Cloths; that if a Manufactory for making the said Cloths was established, upon a more extensive Plan than has hitherto been prac-tiled, it would be of Benefit to the Kingdom, and increase the Excile Revenues arising from the Duties laid thereon; but that such Manufactory cannot be established, and compleatly carried into execution, without it very large Capital, or Joint Stock, raised for that Purpose.

That the Witness knows several Persons who are ready to subscribe considerable Sums of Money for establishing and carrying on this Manufactory, if they could be put in such a Situation, as only to be icfponfi-b!e for such Sums as they shall respectively iubfcrtbe; but that they are intimidated, from the Fear of having Commissions of Bankruptcy issued against them as Traders.

That Companies are now established in and other Places Abroad, for carrying on such Manufactories, where they are no otherwise answerable than for the Sums they subscribe; by which Means their Capitals are so greatly extended, that they carry on the said Manufactories to a greater Extent and Perfection, and are enabled to give more Credit, than can be done, by any Individual here; that it requires many Trials before Things can be brought 10 Perfection, which are very expensive; and that Individuals here suffer from die Establishment of such Companies Abroad, there not being so many Goods exported from hence as for. merly, on Account of those Companies supplying the Markets.

Mr. Robert Allan (a Manufacturer of Printed Linen and Cotton Cloths) confirmed the Evidcncef o Mr. Crinjoz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing a Manufactory for making and printing Cotton and Linen Cloths within that Part of Great Britain called England, and for effectually supporting and conducting the same: And that Mr. Mr.

Dundas, and Mr. Turner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Rejoined, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of all Letters and Correspondence that paired between His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the American Department and Sir Howe, from the 2d Day of August 1773 to the 16th Day of May 1778.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Coals and Cinders, discharged Coastways, and paying Duties at the different Ports of Great Britain, exclusive of the Port of for Two Years preceding Christmas 1777; distinguishing each Year, andallb the different Ports from which-such Coals and Cinders have been shipped.

The

Cotton

and

Linen

Manufactory.

Papers

respeefting

American

Affairs.

Account; Coals.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Gioucc&er

to

Stone

as far as the 9 Mile Stone.

148 17* — 18s

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

A Motion was made. That the Report, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1779, "be referred to the said Committee.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1779, as they thall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee'.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ordalfo acquainted the House, That he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit. again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday

Morning next, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday

Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

JovtSj 18* dieFebruarii; Anno 19* Georgii IIP'* Regis, 1779^ Praters.

SIR William. Guise reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, paised in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, paised for amending the Road from Gloucester to Stone, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the City of Gloucester, to the Nine Mile Stone on the Road, at or near a

Place called The Clay Pits, in the County of Gloucester, and for granting other Powers for amending the said Road, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk,’* Table: Where the.

Februarii. 1779.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to Whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet, Y'ill, or Tithing, of Ablington, in the Parish of Bibuy, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; Thar the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of Apr;! 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations

of the Bill, and found the same to fie true; and that the Pai tics concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di-reCled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read througho'ut; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Guise presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Mafeyhampton, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Guise presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty -first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts, pasted for amending the Road from Gloucester to Stone, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at Stone ;e"and also the Roads to or near Berkley, Durjley, Wotton under Edge, Stroud, and Sodburyi and the several Roads leading from the River Severn, and crofting the said Road from Gloucester to Stone; all in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Palmer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing* the Open Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Stanton under Bardon, in the Parish of Thornton, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Hinckingbrook reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Sir William Bagot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting,

certain

Ablington Iiidjiutc. *

c

Mafey.

hamjMoo

Iaclosure.

Gloacester to Stone Raids, from the 9 Mile Stone*

Stanton under Bardoi Inclciurc.

Answer

*o

Addrefi-for Papers.

Dunfley

and Haffcott Inclosure.

Brattleby

kclofuict

Ascot* i

ImMuic.

Mild?nhall

bdosure.

Scotch

?)trgy’s

Widows.

19 Geo. III. 180 Februarii. 149

certain Commons, or Parcels of Waste Lands, called Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Dunfiey and Haffcott Commons, within the Manor and to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Parish of Kinver, otherwise Kinfare, in the County of Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Stafford: And the same was received; and read the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the First Time. Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain ingrossed.

Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of

Brattleby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; Mr. Poulett presented to the House, according to Bridgewater

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering and RoatJs*

Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April varying the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in

1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

with; and tlrat the Committee had examined the Al- King George the Second, for repairing several Roads

legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; leading to the Town of Bridgewater, in the County of

and that the Parties concerned had given their Content Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, lb far as

to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and relates to the Roads leading to the said Town: And the

that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and same was received; and read the First Time.

made several Amendments thereunto; which they had Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, The Name of Edmund Burke, Esquire, who made Call of the with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Default to appear upon the Call of the House, and was House.

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; ordered to attend the House upon this Day, was called;

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the and he appeared.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Mr. Anthony Bacon reported from the Committee, Lantriflent

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be to whom the Petition of the Creditors, Trustees, and R°*ds*

ingrossed. . others, concerned in an Act, passed in the Eleventh

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Commit- " An Act for repairing and widening several Roads tee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the leading from the Town of and also the

Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pa(* " Road leading from Newbridge, to a Place called The tures. Moors, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within " Old Furnace, all in the County of Glamorgan;" and the Manor and Township of Amcotts, in the Parish of also the Petition of several of the Creditors, Trustees,

Althorpe, in the County of Lincoln, w’as committed; and others, concerned in an Act, passed in the Eleventh That the Committee had examined, and found that the Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April " An Act for repairing and widening several Roads 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied " leading from the Town of Lantrifent, and also the with; and that the Committee had examined the Alle- " Road leading from Newbridge, to a Place called The gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; " Old all in the County of Glamorgan;" whose

and that the Pasties concerned had given their Consent Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and That the Committee had examined, and found, that, that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and in respect to the First-mentioned Petition, the Standing made several Amendments thereunto; which they had Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, re-directed him to report to the House; and he read lative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered and that, in respect to the last mentioned Petition, pray-the Bill^ith the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: ing a Renewal of the Term granted by the said Act,

Where me Amendments were Once read throughout; the said Standing Orders had not been complied with; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the and that the Committee had examined the Matters Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the the House. fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he

Ordered, That the Bill,’ with the Amendments, be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

ingrossed. it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read;

and is as followeth;

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the Order, a Bill for confirming and establishing a Division said Act was read: And,

and Inclosure of the Common or Open Fields, and The Reverend Mr. Jervas Powell, being examined,

Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Mildenhall, in said, That the Trustees in, the Country' apprehending the County of Wilts, and certain Exchanges of Lands that the Term granted by the said Act would of Course and Estates within the said Parish: And the same was be enlarged by the Bill intended to be founded on the received; and read the First Time. original Petition, thought it was unnecefl’ary to give

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. any other Notice than of the Purpose of dividing the said Roads, and that it was intended by all Parties at Mr. Duttdas reported from the Committee, to whom that Time that the Application should extend to the

the Bill for the better raising and securing a Fund for a Renewal of the Term.

Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers And the Witness being further examined, said, That of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Princi- the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act are pals, and Masters, in the Universities of Saint Andrews, divided by the River Tass, one Part being on the West Glasgow, Edinburgh, and Aberdeen; and for repealing Side of the said River, and the other on the East Side Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth and Twenty-second thereof, and are very extensive; and that great Incon-Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the veniences have afifen in the Execution of the Act by Second, for those Purposes, was committed; That the Reason thereof, and that the Trustees, in order to Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, carry the same into more effectual execution, are and found the same to be true; and that the Commit- desirous that the Roads should be separated into Twp tee had gone through the Bill, and made several Districts; and that he apprehends, if such Division is V01. 37. Qq made.

Gander Lane to

Sheffield,

Ate.

Road.

Cole (hill Inclosure.

Paper

respecting

Halt India Affairs.

150 18* Februari 1779.

made, the Trust of the Roads may be much better executed, and the Roads kept in more complete Repair. And the Witness further said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the Act* and have borrowed the Sum of £ 3,100, and upwards* on the Credit thereof, which has been duly applied, according to the Purposes of the Act, which Money is now due, with a very considerable Arrear of Interest, the Trustees having never been able to keep the same down (ince the Money was borrowed; that the said Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads continued to be kept in proper Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and the Powers enlarged.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the ensuing Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Glamorgan, and by Advertisements in the public Newspapers, published within the said County, in the pre-ient Month of February, and in the Month of March next, or one of them, of the Application to Parliament for a Continuation of the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of >the 25th of April 1774, of Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills.

Lord George CaVendish presented ,to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Gander Lane, in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York j and also the Road branching out of the said Road, at or near Mofirougk Green, in the said County of Derby,

to Clown, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Herbert Mackworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Heath, or Waste Land, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Colejldll, in the County of Warwick, was committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 47 Acres, who declared themselves averse to the Inclosure; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of 900 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House. being informed that Mr. Michell, Secretary to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indiesattended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, Extract of a Letter from the " President and Council at Fort Saint George, in their " Military department,' to the Court of Directors of 16

" the East India Company, dated the 4th of jib " 177J "

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Tabid* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sessiom

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, and for their Subsistence during the Time they shall be absent from Home, on Account of the Annual Exercise, for the Year 1779.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting the said Company in carrying on their Trade.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrafted Bill to continue an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating Madhouses," for a further Time therein to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating Madhouses," for a further Time therein limited.

Ordered, That the Lord MidletOn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Admiral Keppel being come to the Hopfe, Mr. Speaker acquainted him, That the House had, on the 12th Instant, ordered that the Thanks of this House be given to him, for his distinguished Courage, Con-dust, and Ability, in defending this Kingdom in the Course of the last Summer, effectually protecting its Trade, and more particularly for his having gloriously upheld the Honour of the British Flag on the 27th and 28th of July last: And Mr. Speaker gave him the Thanks of the House accordingly, as followeth; viz.

Admiral Keppel,

This House have done you the distinguished Honour of ordering their Thanks to be given to you, an Honour never conferred but upon extraordinary Merit; which Thanks it is my Duty to communicate to you in your Place.

After having fat so long in this Chair, I hope it is unnecessary to declare, that I have been always happy to obey the Orders of the House; and I have now a particular Satisfaction in that Obedience. Indeed, every generous Mind must feel Satisfaction, when the Day of honourable Acquittal succeeds to the Day of levere Trial; and this Pleasure was, I believe, never more general, nor more sincere, than upon the present' Occasion.

You, Sir, was called by your Sovereign, with the Approbation of all Descriptions of Men, particularly those of your own Profession, to a Station of the ut-

most

Supply.

Regulating

Madhouses.

Admiral

Keppel

thankeJ.

ipGEO.III. ' i80-‘-i9°

mod Difficulty, and of die highest Importance. The Safety of this Country, and the Honour of the Flag, were trusted in your Hands, when the Enemy was expected upon odr Coast; and, notwithstanding the most able Discharge of this great and momentous Trud, you was occufed of Misconduct and Neglect of Duty. But, after a very long and foil Investigation, by Men in every respect the belt qualified to jOdge, that Charge appeared to be ill-grounded and malicious; and your Judges have unanimously and honourably acquitted you; and have further added, that your Conduct on the 27th And 28th Days of lad was that t>f a judicious, brave-, and experienced Officer. Surely then it cannot be Matter of Surprise, that extraordinary Marks of Respect and Edeem are shewn to such a Cha-radter. We now know, frith Certainty, that our Confidence in you was not misplaced; and we entertain a well-grounded Hope that there dill-remain amongst the Naval Officers, Talents and Abilities fully equal to this dangerous Crisis.

Amidd this general Joy, t cannot help repeating the singular Pleasure which I feel in giving you the Thanks of this House, which I now do, for your distinguished Courage, Conduct, and Ability, in defending this Kingdom in the Course of the lad Summer, effectually protecting its Trade, and more particularly for your having gloriously Upheld the Honour of the British Flag on the 27th and 28th of July lad.

Upon which. Admiral said;

Mr. Speaker,

AJmihl It is impossible, by any Expressions I edn use, to do Keppel’* Justice to my Feelings of Gratitude to the House, for Auimi-. ^e {-fonour they have done me by their Approbation of tny Conduct.

The good Opinion of my Fellow Citizens, expressed by the Representatives of the Nation, cannot but be received by me as a most acceptable Addition to the Satisfaction 1 felt in the recent Sentence, to which you , have been pleased to allude, of a Court Martial; the Result of a full and deliberate Inquiry, expressive of their Sentiments of the Subject referred to their Examination, in Terms equally honourable to themselves, and to me.

The Pkafure 1 feel at this Moment is not a little heightened by the unavoidable Rccolleftion of the very different Emotions I felt when I was last in this House, and in this Place.

I should be guilty of great Injustice, if, on an Occasion like the present, I negtefted to inform this House, that my Efforts far the public Service, in the Indances in which the House has been pleased to distinguish them, were most zealously seconded by many as gallant and able Officers as the Navy of England ever produced; to whose Attention and Spirit, next to the Divine Providence, the Success of these Efforts ought to be in a great Measure ascribed.

I cannot fit down without returning to you, Sir, personally, my particular Thanks, for the very, very obliging Terms in which you have executed the Commands of the House.

Ordered, Nemlnecontradic That what has been

now said by Mr. Speaker, in giving the Thanks of this House to Admiral Kepptogether with Admiral Keppel'% Answer thereto, be printed in the Votes of this Day.

Mr. wakes. The House was moved, That the Entry in the Jour-

nal of the House, of the 17th Day of February 1769, of the Proceedings of the House, upon the Return of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Middlesex, in the room of John Esquire, ex-

pelled this House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Resolution of this House, of the 17 th of

Vol. 37.

Februarii. *5 i

February 1769, "That John Wilkes, Esquire, having " been, in this Session of Parliament, expelled , this " House, was and is incapable of being elected a Merriber to serve in this present Parliament," be expunged from the Journals of this House, as being subversive of the Rights of the whole Body of Electors of this Kingdom; i

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j ^Jaker: }'"

Tellers so, rhe^oes.j^'^^^ j 202.

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read i

The House resolved itself into a Committed of the Government whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an a®

Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of by Sea. his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into " One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces " by Sea."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

And it appearing upon a Division in the Committee’; that Forty Members were not present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present; and it being then after Four of the Cl6ck;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Vzneris, 19° die Feb *,

1

Anno 19* Georgii III'" Regis, 1779;

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Scarborough rant to the Cletk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ; Writ for the electing of a Biirgefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Scarborin the County of York, in the room of Sir Hugh , Baronet, who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Stewatd, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dejboroug and , in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. De Griy presented to the House, pursuant to I.ord George their Address to His Majesty, Germain.

A Paper, intituled, " Grant to Lord George of the Office of one of His Majesty’s Principal Secre- taries of Srate."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to l}e perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved athohgft the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Government ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole |h, Ps House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and anby amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing " into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the " Government of His Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and " Forces by Sea."

A Petition

15a 190 Februarii. A. 1779.

Petition A Petition of the Grocers, and Dealers in Teas, eomptaning Coffee, and Chocolate, residing in the Cities of Smuggling. &nd Bath, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within about Seven or Eight Years past, the Smugglers have almost deprived the Petitioners of their laid Trades, and have been, as the Petitioners are informed, also extremely detrimental to the Revenue arising from the Spirit Trade, inso much that, unless a speedy Stop be put to such illicit Pra&Ices, the Petitioners, on their Parts, rather than, under such a Discouragement, fub-mit to the Inconveniency of the Revenue and Excise Officers, mud give up their laid Branches of Trade, as the Quantity of each Article they now vend is not sufficient to pay them for their Trouble; and that the Smugglers have a regular established Mode for disposing of their Goods through these Parts, and will in a short Time, if not speedily prevented, in a very great Degree, destroy the Whole fair Trade; and that the Vessels, employed to transport these smuggled Goods, are mostly manned by Twenty or Thirty resolute Fellows, and carry from Ten to Twenty Guns each, are fast Sailers, and very numerous on the Coalt, whereby the present Revenue Cutters are found insufficient to prevent the carrying on of such illicit Practices; and that the Mailers of these smuggling Vessels have regular Attendants on Shore to receive the Cargoes, who make Signals in the Night to inform the Crews when the Coast is clear; and that these Cargoes are fold, after they are safely landed, to the Smugglers on Shore, for which they pay in Specie, thereby draining this Country of a great Quantity of the Current Coin, which they carry to our natural Enemies, and enrich them at our Expence; and that these Smugglers on Shore form themselves into large Bodies, from Thirty to Eighty Men, well mounted and armed, their Horses carrying from about One hundred and Fifty to Two hundred Pounds-Wfigbi_oL.Teai__Spirits, and other Articles, each; and they daringly ride through the Towns, in Defiance of the King’s Officers, and the Dragoons,' who. ate sent to alfift them; and that, after having thus secured their smuggled Teas, Coffee, and Chocolate, from an established Correspondence which they have in almost every City, Town, and Village, throughout the Kingdom, where they have unentered Houses, in which they lodge such Goods, they dispose of the same to' Duffers, qj Hawkers, whose Business it is to make up the- Teas in Parcels, from One Ounce to One Pound, or any larger Quantity, and carry the same to almost every private Family in their respective Tow As and Neighbourhoods, and fell them at very low Prices; and that these Duffers or Hawkers also foil Spirituous Liquors, with every other Sort of smuggled Goods, mostly from Fifty to Seventy Pounds per Cent, lower than the fair Trader can afford; and that, by Reason of the great Difference in the above Prices, the Duty paid by the fair Trader on these Articles being so high, it is so, tempting, that there are great Numbers of Families induced to purchase of the Smugglers, almost constantly, instead of the fair Trader, to the great Lois of the Revenue; and that another great Grievance to the fair Trader is, the Captains and Crews of the East India Company’s Ships diipole of their private Adventures, at different Places in the English Channel, before they arrive at their Moorings in the ‘Thames, at Prices much lower than even those of the Smugglers: And Hating to the House, an Account of the Quantities and Values of Teas, Coffee, Chocolate, Spirits, &c. fold in the Year 1769, by the fair Traders in and about the Cities of Bristol and Bath, and some Parts adjacent; and also, an Account of the Consumption of the like Commodities therein, and therefrom, for the Year 1777, by which it appears, that the Duties for the Year 1769 amount to £.132,287. i$s. 5\d. and for the Year 1777 to £.64,778. os. fs\d.-, and that the Advantages, which should accrue to the Revenue, the East India Company, and the Petitioners, by the great Difference between the Two Years Consumption as above mentioned, are reaped by the Smugglers, and the natural Enemies of this Country: And therefore praying the House will take these Affairs under mature Confederation, and to the Hopping these Evils pass a Lav/, with such Regulations as to them shall seem meet, to effectually detect Smugglers in general, and inflict such Punishments and Penalties on them as will for ever prevent their being guilty of the like Practices, so injurious and detrimental to the Commerce and Revenue of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of to the

Town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir John Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Market Raijin, in the County of Lincoln-, which Bill was upon Wednesday last reported from the Committee,

to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac- . quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And the said Bill, being ingrossed, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Market Raijin, in the County of Lincoln,

Ordered, That Lord Brownlovo Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Amcotts, in the Parish of Althorpe, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Amcotts, in the Parish of Althorpe, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chaytor reported from the Committee, to-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common Stinted Pasture, and a certain Moor, or Common, within the Manor of WestJVitton, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

Parties

Leicester,

&e.

Road*

Market

Raifto

Inclosure.

Amcotts

Inclosure.

West

Witton

Inclosurt.

19 Geo. IIL 19 Feh 153

Parties concerned had given their Consent to the per to ascertain the Place, in the Town of Cifeneester, Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except where the said Road commences, and the Place where the Proprietors of Lands to the Amount of £.5a a it ends in the Borough of

Year, who refuted to sign the Bill, and the Proprie- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring hi a Bill tors of Lands to the Amount of £.4 a Year, who to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in could not be found; and that the whole Value of the the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Ma-Lands intended to be divided and indofed, amounts to jesty King George the Second, for repairing and widen* the Annual Value of £.1,705* or thereabouts; and ing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of -that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppote asser, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts: And that the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Mr. and Sir Guise do prepare, and bring

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which in, the fame, they had directed him to report to the House; and

he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards de- A Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and „ livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the amending, the Roads from Wigan to Prejion, in the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once County Palatine of; and for repealing fe-

tead throughout; and then a Secohd Time, One by veral 'Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of King

One; and, upon the Qurftion severally put thereupon, George the First, and the Fourth and Twenty-third

were agreed to by the House. Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be was read a Second Time,

tngrossed. That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry

Mr. Chester,: And they are to meet this EdweHy* A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's. Powers, of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His Chamber.

01 present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping

in Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the County of Carmarthen, and also several Roads leading Poor of the several Parishes within the Hundred of from Llanelilo, in the said County, so far as relates to (except the Parish of Hadleigh) and also of the

the Roads included in the Kidwelly District; and also Parish of Pcljled, within the Hundred of Babergh, in the for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time, other Roads within the said County, was read a Second That the Bill be committed to Sir

Time. Bunbury, Mr. Holt, &c.: And they are to meet this

Resolved", That the Bill be committed to Mr. /Idams. Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s, Mr. Rice, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Chamber.

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and indofing certain Commons Uilow&ch, A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re- and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of ke. pair, the Roads leading from Ludlowfach, in the County Broom, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Jfoid. of Carmarthen, to the Town of Llandovery, and from Time.

thence through the Town of Llangadock. to the River Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Amman, and several other Roads in the said County Egerton, Sir John , Sec.: And they are to

communicating the rewith, was read a Second Time. meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Adams, Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Rice, Set.: And they afe to meet this Afternoon, at

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Mr. Gould presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for charging the Lands within the North Ciresctfler Mr. Chester reported from the Committee, to whom Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called to the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Bedford Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in

Critklade execution an Act, passed in the Thirty*second Year of the Manor of Crowland, with further Taxes, for a

the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widen- limited Time, for discharging the Debts incurred by ing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Glou- the Commissioners under an Act of the Twenty-seventh refer, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts; and also Year of King George the Second, and for better fop* the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and porting and preserving the Drainage of the said Lands; Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Cricklade, in And the same was received; and read the First Time, the County of Wilts, whole Names are thereunto sub- Rffolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, feribed, were severally referred; That the Committee

bad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, -

the House, of the t5th of April 1774, relative to pies, or Extracts, of the Correspondence which passed

Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the between the Right honourable Lord George Germain, Committee had examined the Matter of the said First- One of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of Stare, mentioned Petition, no Person appearing on Behalf of and Governor Tryon, relative to the Powers transmitted the said Second-mentioned Petition, and had directed to the Governor, for granting Letters of Marque, and him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the the Exetcile thereof, at New; and also a Copy, or House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and af- an Extract, of a Letter, dated the 9th of May 1778, terwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where from the Vice Admiral Lord Howe to Mr. Secretary the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Stephens, on the same Subject, together with Copies of

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned the Papers referred to therein, fttition, the said Act was read: And,

Mt. Charles Core, being examined, said, That a const- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the

derable Progress has been made in amending the said Road; Particulars of all Charges, including Commission, at-

ilt doing which, the Tolls, and a large Sum of Money tending the remitting of £3,656,139. 15*. if for borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly ap- the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North America. plied; that the Money so borrowed remains due, and

cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads be completely Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the feve-

Powers of the said Act be enlarged. ral Laws now in being relative to the Militia Forces

And being further examined, he said, It will be pro- of this Kingdom; And that Mr. Winshcoaibt Hartley, Voi. J7. R r Mr.

Wtgsn

to P reftom Roads,

and

Potfted

Poor*

Broom

Indofurcw

-Bedford

Level

Drainage.

Letters of Marque at

New York.

American

Force*.

Miiitfe Pay and QoatUngi

Bury

Road.

Tliirlk, & c. Road.

Stratford upon Avon Road.

Supplying Leeds with Coals.

Barkby

Inclosure,

Admiral Keppel and

oir H. Palliser.

Ditto.

19° Febrmriu

I54

Mr. Rice, and Sir George Savildo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Letds and Mr, Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty, eighth Year of King George the Second, intituled, M An Act for repairing the Road from a certain Place in Bury, in the County of through

Warboys, Old Hurst, Saint,

" Warefiey, Gamlingay, and Potion, to a House called " The Spread Eagle, in Stratton, within the several " Counties of Huntingdon, and Bedford;"

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road from " over Skipton Bridge, through ,to Baldersby

" Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, in the Way to Ri~

" pon, and through Ain derby , Quernhow, and " field, by Well Fla flies Gate, to in the County of York; and likevvilc for removing the Toll House " and Turnpike Gates at Busby Stobb, in the said " County, to some other convenient Place in the Road " leading from Boroughbridge to the City of Durham without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Stratford upon Avon, to Edghill, in the County of Warwick, and for repealing the several Laws now in Force relating to the said Road; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering more beneficial an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing Agreements " made between Charles Brandling, Esquire, and other " Persons, Proprietors of Lands, for laying down a " Waggon Way, in order for the better iupplying the *c Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County. " of York, with Coals," by enabling the said Charles,

Brandling to supply, annually, a larger Quantity of Coals to and for the Use of the said Town and Neighbourhood } and for regulating the Prices of carrying Coals from the Repository at without any '

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Barkby, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment.

And then the Mcfilngers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from the honourable Admiral Keppel, to Philip Stephens, Esquire, Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 18th Instant; and also a Copy of a Letter from the said Secretary to Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Palliser, of the same Date.

The House was moved. That the Paper, intituled, " Copies of the Charge and Judgment of the Court " Martial lately held on the honourable Admiral Aug-fius Keppel," which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That an humble AdJrefs be presented to His Majesty, representing to His Majesty, that it appears to this House, from a Sentence ot a Court Martial, that Sir Hugh Palliser, Vice Admiral of the Blue, has preferred

A. 1779.

Supply.

Ways and Means*

a tnklieiouS and ill-founded Acdufation, of a Capital Nature, against his Commander in Chief; and therefore humbly requesting, that His Majesty, in Confident ion of the Honour of the British Navy, and in Order to prevent those Jealousies and Animofnies which must necessarily arise amongst His Officers, whilst they are liable to be afterdated in Service with a Person judged guilty of a malicious and ill-founded Accusation, will be graciously- pleased to remove the said Sir Hugh PaL lifer from all his Military Employments.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The Order, of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read i

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunned the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported' from the Committee, That they had come to a Refutation; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was di-reeled by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit.again,.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning pext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Luttrell have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Eight of the Clock,

And he moved the Ploufe accordingly. .;

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 29th Day of January last, ‘* That this House will, upon Monday,

" the 22d Day of February next, resolve itself into a " Committee of the whole House, to consider of the , " African Trade, together with the present State and " Condition of the British Forts and Settlements cn that " Continent," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the State of the African Trade, and t the moll effectual Means for the better regulating, maintaining, and extending the lame; and that they do report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Mr. Dehaney,. Sec.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s: Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.;

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, which have been presented to this House relative to, the Trade and Commerce of Africa, and the Forts and Settlements there, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Lord Brerwnlow Bertie have Leave to make a Motion. . j.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

A Bill for dividing and inclosipg the Open Fields, Wllllnehata Meadows, Furze, Leys* St in ted'Common Failures, and nclosure’ Waste Grounds, in the Parish of H^illingham, in the County of Lincoln, Was read a Second Time.

_ Resolved,

?*^n

i\

-\t; . U*i

African

Trade.

fc

V;

i9 Geo. Ill* 190 — 21° FebruariL 155

1

Bmleby F Indofare.

t

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown* low Bertie, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingtoiled Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Brattleby, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass I And that the Title be,-An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Brattleby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brotitnlow Bertie do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock*

which they frequently refuse to pay, presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors are under by the tedious and expensive Method of suing for the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the several Hundreds of Rljlubband Eva ley,. Kimvardjloni, Rams bury, Siva and , in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Goddard and Mr. Penruddock do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for confirming and establishing a Division and Inclosure of the Common or Open Fields, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of Wilts, and pertain Exchanges of Lands and Estates Within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard, Mr* Penruddock, &c. s And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Luna,22° die Februarii;

Anno 19* Georgii III1'* Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

to ETERDaille Bonnevaux took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

fendorer Mr. Waller reported from the Committee, to whom to the Bill for enlarging the Tetms and Powers of Three Inciiinghim Acts, pa/Ted in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Firfly and in the Fifteenth and Tjyenty- fourth Years of the Reign of King George the Second,

for repairing the Road from to the Town of

Buckingham, and other Roads in the County of Backing-ham, lo far as the same relate to the Road from the West End of the Town of Beaconsfield, to within Half I a Mile of the River Qolne, near Uxbridge, in the County

ci Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone

through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quefbon severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

t

tinwarjftone, Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom Ac. the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are bull Debts, thereunto subscribed, being Manufacturer?, Tradesmen, and Dealers, within tire Hundreds of Kinwardjhue, Ratnflury, Selkley, Swattborough, and FJjlnb and Ever tv, in the County of Wilts, all which Hundreds are joining each other, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. ' ' To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mf. John Gale, being examined, said. That many Persons employed within the said Hundreds, frequently contract Debts under Forty Shillings, and though well able, relule to pay the same; that it is the Custom of the Country to pay the; Wages of labourers and Manufacturers but Once a Months by which Means they-want Credit,-and are compelled to contract Debts, VoL. 37.; -.

The Lord Clive reported from the Committee, to Whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty. King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from The Market House, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow,’ in the County of Salop, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that Notices had been given upon the Doors of the Session Houses of the several Counties wherein the R.oads, directed to be repaired by the said Act, lie, at the last Christmas Quarter S.ffions, and also published Three Times in the' printed’Newspapers circulated’ within the same Coun-_ ties, for continuing the Term of the said Act, agreeable to Leave granted by the House on the Sch Day oL December last; and that the said Notices also mention, that Application was intended to be made to Parliament, in the present Session, for Leave to extend the Provisions of the said Act to certain Branches of Road, communicating with the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act; and that the Committee had examined tlae Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; , >

To prove the Allegations of the said_ Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Road leading from the Turnpike Gate on the Road between Ludloivand Little Hereford Bridge, in the

Parish of Afford Bawdier, to the River Team, and from thence, through the Parishes of and Cainhctm, to the new Bridge over in the

Paiiffi ot Cain ham i and from thence to the Turnpike Road on the Glee Hill, leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer-, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Bitterley Court, to a Gate on the Glee , called Bedlam Gate-, and from the said Turnpike Road leading from Ludlow to Mur.fow, through Stanton Lacy, to Lower Heston, Great Sutton, Feeton, and Bowden, in the Parishes of Stanton Lacy, Diddlebury, and Hold gate, being the Reads described in the Notices published as hereinbefore mentioned, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious; that they cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being; and that it would be advantageous to the Neighbourhood, and the Public in general, if the Powers', and Provisions of the said Act were extended to these Roads.

The House was moved, That the Report, which*

upon the 8: h Day of December last, was made from tire Committee, to whom the Petition of the several . Trustees whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in execution an Act of Parliament, .

oafied

Mildenhall

Inclosure.

I.ildiot*

Roads.

22° Februarit,

Scotch

Clergy's

Widows.

Clfrncester

to

Stroud

Road*

Ciftncefttr

to

Cricklade

Road.

Bridgewater

Rbads.

White Sheer

Hill,

tec.

Road.

15$

passed in thi Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An " A<^ for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, " several Roads leading from Market and

" elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of n Salop," was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amehding, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from The Market and elsewhere,

in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop: And that the Lord Clive and Mr. Johnes do prepare, and bring in, the fane.

A. 1779.

in the County of Wilts, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Dorset, and Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found rhfe same to be truej and that the Committee, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for the better railing and securing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Masters, in the Universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow, Edinburgh, and Aberdeen', and for repealing Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for those Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better railing and securing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Masters, in the Universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow, Edinburgh, and Aberdeen; and for

repealing Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Dundas carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence

Mr. Chester presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-pith Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodborouzh Hill which leads to Dud-bridge', and also the Road leading from to-

wards Bijley, so far as the Bottom of Gulp/i lid/-, all in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Chester presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering and varying the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgein the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Roads leading to the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Poulett, Mr. Allen, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Mtrtimer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Whitt Sheet Hill, in the Parish of 16

Mr. Tudway presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing ihe Road from Piper’s Inn to Glastonbury, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Piper’s Inn aforesaid to Athelney Bridge, in the tame County: And the same was received; and read the First. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Masters, and Burgesses, and others, the principal Inhabitants of the City of Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said City or Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Streets, Lanes, and other Public PaflTages, within the said City or Borough, are not properly paved, cleansed, or lighted, and are subject to various Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and are very incommodious and unsafe for Travellers; and that the better paving, cleaning, and lighting the fame, and removing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments therein, and preventing the like for the future, will be of great Safety and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said City or Borough, and to all Persons referring thereto, and of Public Utility; and that it would be a Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said City or Borough, if Power was given to receive a smallToll on at the Avenues leading into the said City or Borough* to be applied towards defraying the Expences attending the several Works aforesaid; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application hath been made for a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made. One in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Piper's Inn, in the Parish of Ashcot, in the County of , to and through

Glastonbury and Wells, to the Dtreblion or White Po/l, in the Great Western Road leading to the City of Bath, and also from Wells to Rush Hill, leading to the City of Bristol', and the other in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the aforesaid Act, and for repairing and widening several other Roads leading from the City of Wells {all which said Roads have Communication with, and are extended through, the said City or Borough: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for paving, clieanfing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages of the said City or Borough, and for other the Purposes hereinbefore mentioned, with such Powers, and under such Regulations* as to the House. shall seem: meet;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they, do examine.

Piper’s Ids

thro*

Glastonbury

Road.

Ditto.

22° Febru

Graf, o.l Hvlord Iu.uicre.

Hin’lfton

luciolure.

Flim\rcll

Vent

to

Riflings

Road.

Tower

Hanflet» Email Debts, kc*

19 Geo. III.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it pointed, who are empowered to hold a Court Twice a shall appear to them, to the House: Week, for the Purpose of giving Judgment, and award-

And it is referred to Mr. Tudway, Mr. Baker, &c.: ing Execution, in certain Cafes of Debt not amounting And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of to Forty Shillings: And,

the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power Mr. James Wood, being examined, said, That the to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. present Court House is a very ancient Building, inca-

pable of Repair, and very inconvenient for the Purpose Mr. Lxgon predated to the House, according to of transading Business therein; and that it is necessary Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and a new Court House, with proper Offices to the fame. Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, in should be built for the better executing the Business of the Parish of Grafton. Flyford \in the County of Wor- the said Court. cester; And the same was received; and read the First Mr. James Robin [on, being examined, said, Thar there Time. is Money to the Amount of £.655 in the Hands of the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Clerks of the said Court, which has been paid into the said Court, and the greater Part of it not claimed for Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Twenty Years, and which should be applied for the Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Benefit of the said Court. And he added. That there Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and all other Com- may be other Monies paid into the Court which may monableLand, within the Manor and Parish of Himble- never be called for; the Care and Management of which ton, in the County of Wor rest eg: And the same was re* Money, as it accumulates, should be intruded to the ceived; and read the First Time. Commissioners.

Resolved ', That the Bill be read a Second Time. Mr. James Wood, being again examined, laid, That

Doubts have arisen whether the Commissioners have a A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Power to take Cognizance of Debts for Rent under Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of Forty Shillings; and that the present Mode of com-the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, pelling Persons, Debtors or Defendants, to appear, for repairing and widening the Road leading from hath been found very injurious to the Complainants,

F/imwe/l Vent, in the Parish of Tuehurst, in the County and to hinder them frequently from obtaining the Re-of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Haftitigs, in the said lief sued for; which might be sufficiently remedied if County, was read a Second Time. further Powers were given to the Commissioners for those

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Medley, Purposes.

Mr. Rice, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, aft

' Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of

Mr. Alderman Wilkes reported from the Committee, his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more to whom the Petition of several of the Commissioners easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the for putting in execution an Act of Parliament, made Tower Hamlets: And that Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr. in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Ma- Byng, and Sir Herbert Mackworth, do prepare, and brings jesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for in, the fame.

" the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts

" within the Tower Hamlets>" was referred j That the Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to Suiplufe*. Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe- their Address to His Majesty,

tition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it Surplufes, Rated the 5th Day of April 1778: And appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re- also,

port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Surplufes, dated the 10th Day of October 1778.

Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as And the Titles of the said Surplufes were read,

followeth; viz. The laid Surplufes are preserved amongst the other

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Papers of this Session; and the Abstracts thereof

said Act was read, by which Commissioners are ap- are as followeth; viz.

V04. 37.

Sf

ABSTRACT

ABSTRACT of the said Surplufes,

D

cq‘

N

CD

Q-

cr

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund - - - . ....

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1778;

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 - -

D° — of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2

D° — of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 -

1,074,296 19

To Monies brought to this Account on the 5th Dav of April 1778, porfuant to the several Acts of

Parliament in this Behalf; v/*.

Dr.

£ s.

598,45a 4

104,713 15 371,130 18

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 40 Georgii 2dI, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 250 Georgii 2dI Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted ptr Act 16* Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 180 Georgii a*1, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

Surplus of the Duties on Spirituous Liquor?, granted by an Act 190 Georgii 2dl, and the Arrears of the Duties on Glass, granted by the same Act, with the Sum brought to the same in Part of £. 63,078. 8/. Sd. per Annum, directed to be applied out of the new Duty on Glass, granted per an Act 170 Georgii 3tU, to make good the above Duty on Glass repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Acts -

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2$° Georgii 2^ -

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 21° Georgii 2di for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -The Duty of 6J. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii imi, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -

The Duty on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2dt Surplus of the Dmy on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 31*1, and the Arrears of the Duties on D° repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to tee

said Act.....*....

The Duty of 3s. 4^. per Buflicl on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2dl - - - - . - -

The Duty of 12s. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from Bvitjh or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granfed by an Act 10° Georgii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 270 Georgii 2dl ——

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 20 Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of £. 1.250,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28’ Georgii 2dl - - .

Surplus of the Duty upon Coals continued by an Act 1 ’ Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of £. 1,750,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account purlin nt to the said Act 28° Georgii 2di ——

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii 2dI -

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act 290 Georgii 2di -

The feverat Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act 29^ Georgii 2dl - - - --»

15,269 — 10,351 — a3»S77 »4 n

39,407-----

45,633 12 6 136,240 12 6J

2,800 — —

110,979 8 1

113,368 — 5

1,858----

38.523 9 — 1

14,722 3' 10

20,099 — — 5,069----

stated the 5th Day of April 177?,

M

(Jt

OO

Per Contra

Ct.

h 11

8*

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Inttreft, after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of January 1778, as well on the principal Sum of £*37,770,924. is. erfd. remaining unredeemed, of £. 39,28 1,52 1. 5s. i\d. in £.3 per Centum Annuities consolidated, and charged by several Arts of Parliament 011 this Fund, at on the further Sum of £.2,1 §0,000 added to the said Remain by an Art i6J Georgii 3lUf in respect if £.2,oooo,«oo borrowed towards the Supply of the Year 1776 By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pav a Half Year’s Interest, due the §th Day of April 1778, being after the ft ate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.18,353*773. 16/. 4d. to which £.19,183,323. 16/ 4^. charged on this Fund by the Arts 25*’ Giorgi 2dl, and 50 Georgii 3ui, is reduced, by abating from the same £-829,550 subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Arts 120, 140, and \$° Georgii 3d1 ---- - *

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -

By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of January 1 77S, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum on £. 1,919,600, to which £. 2,100,000, borrowed on Credit of this Fund by an Art 24° Georgii 2di is reduced, by abating from the fame£. 180,400 fabferibed and redeemed in pursuance of the Arts 12*, 14°, and 150 Georgii 3d1 *

By Di tto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities lor the same Half Year By Calli taken to answer Annuities on Single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Art 30° Georgii 2dl, and charged on this Fund by an Art 3 2° Georgii 2dl, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1 778 Cv Calli taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorlhrp, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Art 50 Georgii 3d1, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of A ril 1778 -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 5th Day of April 1778, on £.18,986,300, to which the principal Sum of £. 20,240,000 (made one Joint Stock of £.4 per Centum Annuities, by an Art 2* Georgii 3ui) is reduced, by the Sum of £.1,253,700 having been subscribed for£.3 per Centum Annuities, with the Advantages attending the fame, pursuant to an Art 10° Georgii 3lii -By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year ——

! By the fa’.d Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted* per Arts 1° and 2° Georgii 3U‘, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made one Joint Stock of Annuities, from the §th Day of January 1764, by an Art 40 Georgii 3*'*, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1778 By D°, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the tame Half Year -

By D°, to Pay Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 5th Day of April 1778, being after the Rate of £.4 per Centum per Annum, on £. 5,000*000, borrowed and charged on this Fund by an Art 170 . Georgii 3"* - -

By D°, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for One Year, due the said 5 th Dav of April 1778 -

By Ditto, to pay Annuities to continue for 10 Year:, from the 5th Day of April 1777, being after ihe Rate, of Ten Shillings per Centum ter Annum, on the said Five -Millions, for Half k Year, ended the fiud 5^ of April 1 77*

£ *' <?

598,8*3 '7 11,149 *7 Si

375,506 iz jA 5,161 19 n|

*8,794----

539 ‘7 9

13,953 6 3 270------

379,726-----

5.339 >7 *>i

124,125 — — 1,745 10 1*

100,000 — — 2,812 10 —

12,500 — —

23° Februarii. A. 1779.

VOL. 37.

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30*

Georgii z^'y, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 320 Georgii -

To the additional Duty upon Cords exported* the like -To the Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the like -

To D*oTthe Duty on Licences to retail Spii ituouf 'Liquor?, the like -

To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 321 Georgii 2<h, , brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 330 Georgii - -

To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like - -

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, per Acts 320 Georgii and $° Georgii 3l,i To the Surplus of the Duty upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 24 Georgii ad>» brought to this Account.pursuant to an Act 20 Georgii 3 <«» -

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquots, granted by Acts 330 Georgii z& and 6° Georgii 3th, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 20 ami 6° Georgii 3^ -

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 20 Georgii 3tii>and brought to this Account pursuant lo the same Act -

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2<li, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act 2° Georgii 3th -

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act l° Georgii 3th* brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 4" Georgii 3m -To the additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, &c. granted and made a Hart of this Fund by an Act 5 Georgii ui -To the additional Duties upon Policies of Assurance, ti»e litse -

To the additional Duty upon ItoVan Sdk Crapes, and Tiffanies, imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3th ——

To the additional SubP.dy upon East India Wrought Silks, Ofc. granted and made a Part of this Fund, by One other Act 6° Georgii 3th - -

To the additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3th -

To the additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3th, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8* Georgii 3m To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3111, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii 3rii ——

To the additional Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act r6° Georgii 3th, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act ——

To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Newspapers, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act ——

To the Duties on Licences to he taken out by Auctioneers, and the Duties on all Lands, Houses, and other Things sold by Auction, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 170 Georgii ——

To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 170 Georgii 3lil -

To the Surplus of the Duties on Glass, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to One ether Act I f Georgii 3111 -

x

31,20* — —

5.816 *5

2.816 r9 5^ 23,611 — — -

114,730 11 5

1,641----

' *>S°4 — ~

3h257 -

174,482 — —

32,225 — — 74.643-----

246, jgo----

16,076 12 6} 684------

3,coo — —

10,412 7 —

5-99° 9 4 29,996 16 4

4.905----

*1 *95----

24.012 — — 4,83a-----

10,390 — —

9*M----

12,371 4 —

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for One Year, due at the same Time - - - 351 11 3

By Ditto, for Charg^sof Management of the several Annuities payable in respe&of £. 4,980,772. 3/. remaining unredeemed of £.5,000,000 borrowed by virtue of an Act 3ic Georgii for the Service of the Year 1758 (which Management was, by a Clause in the said Act, charged on this Fund) for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1778 ----- 1,400 16 IO

Bv the Chief Cali tier of the Governor atul Company of the Bank of E*glandy to rcmhurle Fees paid to the Auditors of the impreftb, on Declaration of an Accompt of Bank Annuities for 2 Years, to the 5th Day of July 177 3, and at the Pipe-Office ou obtaining a Quietus on the fame; lees paid at the Exchequer for Impress Rolls, fur 2 Years, to the 5th Day of July 17757 and also to the Auditors ©fthe Impress for examining, auditing, andengrossing the Accompts of Dividend Warrants for £.3. 10/. per Centum Annuities, Anno 1758. Long Annuities and £. 3 per Centum consolidated Annuities, for One Year, to the 5th Day of July *775* an<* for reduced Annuities and consolidated £. 4 per Centum Annuities, for

One Year, to the 5th Day of Afril 1775 8,944 5 —

By the Bank of EngLmd, fer Interest ami Circulation of Exchequer Bills made forth

on Credit of this Fund,'for the Service of the Year 1777 ..... 4,637 15

By the U flier of the Exchequer, for Neiefiaries - - - - 44 7 11J

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1778, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities granted by an Act 3 i° Gtorgit 2<h, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament ----- - 17,7^8 10 8J

By Cash taken in full of £.1,939,636. 5/. 9^. granted by an A & if Georgii 3*'*,

towards the Supply of the Year 1777 ---- 238,825 2 6}

1,461,745 16 8

2,536,020 16 5

By Cash remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1778, for the Disposition of Parliament -

1,832,229 18 ij

703,790 18 i\ 2,536,020 16 5

This being the 111th Half Yearly Account made up pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii i*# (Page 567) is humbly preftnud» this 22d Day of February 1 779, by me

Grey Cooper

Or

VO

xp Geo. III. 2 2° FehruariL

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

rD

ABSTRACT of the said Surplufes, slate

4

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund - - Dr.

£ *' *

To Carti remaining the re, the rth Day of April 1778, for the Disposition of Parliament - 703,79018 3J

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 10th Day of fjflober 1778; viz, £. j. d.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio t - 802,794. 14 9J

D° — - of the South Sen Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 - - . - 91,306 16 —

D° — of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 - - - 417,723 11 nj

1,311,825 2 S}

To Money paid into the Exchequer, by an unknown Person, for Conscience Sake - - 100 — —

To Monies brought to this Accountcn the 10th Day of Oflofor 1778, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz. £. / d.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted ter Act 40 Georf u 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2$° Georgii 2rti ----- I7>422 16 5

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted fir Act 160 Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to D° .....- - - - 16,181 4 4

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 180

Georgii 2*1, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account

pursuant to D° ------ 29,450 11 — |

Surplus of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 190 Georgii

2*h, and the Arrears of the Duties on Glass, granted by the same Act, i

with the Sum brought to the same in Part of £.63,078. 8j. %d. per Annum, directed to be applied out of the new Duty on Glass, granted by an Act 17° Georgii 3^,to make good the above Duty on Glass repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Acts - 38,373 15 7

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2&> for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 250 Georgii 2(,» ------- 49,464 2 6

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 21*

Georgii 2Ji, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account

pursuant to D° ----- 104,639 10 4}

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6*

Georgii imi, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account

pursuant to D° - —

The Dury on Licences to be taken out by all Person* dealing in, or vending. Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund, by an Act 32° Georgii 2<li - 4,068 jg —

Surnlus of the Duties on Hottfes and Windows, granted by an Act 6°

Georgii ^tn, and the Arrears of the Duties on D* repealed thereby, brought

to this Account pursuant to the said Act ---- 160,935 4 uj

Tre Duty of 3/. 4£ per fiufhel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2di - 107,651 4 4J

The Duty of 12/. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 21''. for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 270 Georgii li - - - 8,372 — —

Surplus f the additional Duty on So3p, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 20 Georgii aUi, for ra:f?ng the Sum of /. 1,2^0,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to t.iis Account pursuant to an Act 28* Georgii 2 ----- - 40,281 15 3 $ ' . *

Surplus of the Duty on Ccals, continued by an Act i° Georgii 2^*, for raising the Sum of £. 1,7:50,000 by S le of Annuities ro the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act 28°

G -rgii 2<h.....28,150 19 1J

The Duty on LV-nces for ret tiling Beer, Ale, and other excisable Liquors,

brought to ’bus Account p.-rf'iv.-r to an Act 29° Georgii 2di - - - 28,47912 9

The addi ionnl Duty Cards and Dice, brought to this Account puftuant

to One or her Act 290 G'.crgii 2*h ----- 4,115 J9 —

The several Rates anu Duties payable by nil Persons, Bodies PoVimc or Cor orate, having certain ‘Quality its of S.ivrr Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act z£ Georgii s^i - - - - 830 — -

d the loth Day of 1778.

Per Contra - Cr*

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year's Irterefl, after the Rate of £. 5 f*r Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of July *778, as well on the Principal Sum of £. 37,770 924 I*. q{d. remaining unredeemed, of £. 39,281,52 1. 5s. 1 \d. in £.3 per Centum -Annnines, consolidated, and charged by several Acts of Parliament on this Fund, as < n the further Sum of £ 2,150,000 added to the said Remain by an Act 16® Georgii 3UI, in rcipeft of £. 2,000,000 borrowed towards the Supply of the Year 1776 - - -

By D*, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time -By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

to pay Half tf Year’s Interest, due the io*h Day of October 1778, being after the Rate of £.3per Centum petAnnum, on the Principal Sum of jT. 18,3 53,773. t6/. 4d* to which the Sum of £K 19,1^3,323. i6j. 4d. charged on this Fund by the Acts 250 Georgii 2dl, and 50 Georgii 3ni, is reduced, by abating from the same £.829.550, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 12°, 14°, and 15* Georgii 3lii ——

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time By the South Sea Company, to pay Haifa Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of July 1778, bi ing after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on £. 1,919,600, to which £. 2,100,000, borrowed on Credit of this Fund by an Act 240 Georgii 2di, is reduced, by abating fronrl the same £. 180,400, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 120,44°, and 150 Georgii 3d1 .

By D°, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time -By Cash taken to answer Annuities on single Lives payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2di, and charged on this Fund by an Act 32° Georgii 2dl, lor the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1778 By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3ni, for the Half Year ended the 10th Day of October 1778 -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Fialf a Year’s Annuity* due the 10th Day of October 1778, on£. 18,986,300, to which the Principal Sum of £.20,240,000 (made one Joint Stock of £. 4 per Centum Annuities, by an Act 20 Georgii 3,li) is reduced, by the Sum of £.1,253,700 having been subscribed for £. 3 per Centum Annuities, with the Advantages attending the fame, pursuant to an Act ro° Georgii 3d1 - 1 -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time By the said Chief Cashier of she Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted per Acts C and 20 Georgii 3th, for 99 and 98 Years; which were made one Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3t!i, for the Half Year ended the 5*h Day of July ,77g ' - - - ‘ - - - *

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time -By Ditto, to pay Haifa Year’s Annuity, due the 10th Day of Oft-ber 1778, being after the Rate of £. 4 per Centum per Annum, on £. 5,000,000 borrowed and charged upon this Fund by an Act 17° Georgii 3tW -By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time By Ditto, to pay Annuities, to continue for ho Years, from the 5th Day of April 1777, being alter the Rate of Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, on the said ! Five Millions, for Half a Year, ended the said 10th Day of O&oht'-1778 -j By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time j By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the fevrral Annuities payable in respect ol j £.4,980.772. 31. T^ld. remaining unredeemed of£. t;,oooo, coo borrowed by virtue

! of an Act 3J0 Georgii 2'!i, for the Service o' the Year 1758 (which Management

l was, by a Clause in the Did Act, charged on this Fund) for the Half Year ended

i the 5th Dav <*f July 1778 -

! By Sir Heny Oxen ion. Baronet, for an Annury (called Banker’s Annuity) on the ] Principal Sum t>f £. 200, at £. 3 per Cmtumper Annum, for 9 Year and 6 Months,

1 to the 29th D?v of Sip'ember 17 17, £. 57; and for Redemption of the said An-

i| nuity, and Discharge of the said Principal Sum of £. 200, the further Sum of

I £. 100, being the Moiety thereof, pursuant to an Act 130 Georgii im! in that

I Behalf - .....*

£. s. A*

598,813 17 21

*M49 17 5i

275,306 12 1$

5,x6t 19 11J

28,794-----

539 *7 9

13*937 6 3

270 — —

379-26-----

5.339 ll ni

124,125----

1*745 JO *&

I CO,000 — —

1,406 5 —

12.500-----

>75 *5 7l

1,400 16 10

>57----

160 '\ 220 Februarii. A. 1779.

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

o

oo

n

t

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pampfi/er*, and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2^\, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act O* 3 z° Georgii 2^‘ - - - - " 2 7

P Tiic additional Duty on Coals exported, the like ----- 6,905 I iof

0^ The Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wines, the like - 10,312 16 — |

D° of the Duties on Licences to retail Spirits, the like - 21,078 12 2

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 320 Georgii 2J11 brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 33°

Georgii - . - - " 7°>7°8 *0 *

The additional Iniind Duty on Chocolate, the like - >97 " "

The additional Inland Duty on Coffee, per Acts 32° Georgii 2di» and 50

Georgii 3th ------ - 1*537 mmm

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 24° Georgii 2^>

brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 20 Georgii 3th - 4^>!S3 "

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 330 Georgii and 63 Georgii 3th, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 20 and 6° Gar-gh 3th - -- -- - - -- 215,523 — —

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors gran!ed by an Act 20 Georgii 3lu>

and brought to mis Account pursuant to the same Act - - - 39,776 — —

The Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2^:, and brought

to this Account pursuant to One other Act 2° Georgii 3th - - - 268,525 — —

The additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act i°

Georgii 3th, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii

3lu - - ’ - - - 295>321-----

The additional Duty upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East In Ala Goods, tjc. granted and made a Par; of tins Fund by an Act the 50 Gfo^ii 3th - - - 17»°7^ 4 4x

The additional Duties on Policies of Assurance, the like - - 1,298 6 1

The additional Duties upon Italian Silk Crapes, and Tiffanies, imported,

granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 31t - - 3,998 12 l£

The additional Subfuly upon East India Wrought Silks, &V. granted and

made a Part of this Fund by One other Act 6° Georgii 301 - - - 6 I io|

The additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported,

*"* granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3^ - - 4*193 10 1

The additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 30

Georgii 3th, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii 3l‘i 40,720 12 — The Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3‘oi,

brought to this Account pursuant to, tive above Ad S° Georgii ;tn - 4,218 — —

The additional Duty on Coaches, Cdc. granted by an Act 160 Georgii 3th

brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act - - - - 11,402 — —

The additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Parer, and on Newspapers, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act - -- 29,055 12 —

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act ----- 3,877 9 —

To the Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Audioreers, and the Duties on all Lends, Houses, and oth?r Things sold by Airfion, granted and brought to th a Account pursuant to an Act 17° Georgii 3cii - - 17,033 — " —

To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted

and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 170 Georgii 3tU - 21,491 2 10

To the Surplus of the Duties on Glass, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act 170 Georgii 3lli - 28,749 17 —

1,836,662 2 II}

To Cnfh brought from the Supply for the Service of the Year 1778, pursuant to an Act 180

3,148,587 5 8

Gcor pit

Deb

311, to replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the

fluency, on the 5th Day of July 1777, of the Fund established for paying Ann dr' granted by an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Ku George the Second -

es King

43,621 10

1

3,1^1,*c 8 16 5

3,995,999 >4 9

H|h

By the Chief C'afliier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of En%lan/?% to rciiiiburle Fees paid for Warrants and Orders at the Tremury and Rxc’.cquer, for One Year and One Quarter, to the 5.h Day of January for £.3

per Centum Consolidated Annuities, Long Annuities, and /'.3 and J per Centum Annuities, granted Amo i?$8; for Reduced Annuities, and £. 4 per Centum Confo.idated Annuities, One Year, to the toth Day of Oft her; and for Annuities granted Anno 1777, for H df a Year, to the loih Day of October 1777; and for Repayment of bionics paid for Fees, on piovi g Accounts of Annuities and l ottery, 1776 and 1777; and for Fees pa.d to the Auditors of the Impress, for examining, &c. the Accounts of £.3 and ± per Centum Annuities, grained Anno 175S; Long Annuities, and per Centum Consolidated Annuities, from the 5th Day cf July 1775 10 the 5th Dav of Juy 1776; and of £.4 jer Centum Consolidated Annuities, end Reduced Annuities, for One Year to the 5til Day of April 1776 -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1778, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities granted by an Act 310 Georgii a*1, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the said 5th Day of July 177S, of the Fund for payment of Annuities granted by an Act 18° Georgii 3,u, which, by a Ckwfe in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

By Cash taken towards the Supply of the Year 1778, pursuant to an Act 180 Georgii 3*a (being the Surplus of this Fund, which remained for the Disposition of Parliament on the 5th Day of April 1778) -

By Cash taken in Part of £.2,296,209. Is. 8}t/. granted by the said Act, further towards the Supply of the said Year 1778 -

9,568 ia 11 22,751 18 8|

99,891 3 8

703,790 18 3J 1,500,447 4 lOf

3,895.999 14 9

1

This being the 112th Half-yearly Account made up pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii 1*1 (Page 367) is humbly presented, this 2 ad Day of February 1779, by me

Grey Cooper

19 Geo. III. 22° Februarii.

Sir H. Palliser and Admiral Keppel.

if)2 220 Februarii. A* 1779.

Ordered, That the said Surpluds do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Penton, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great ,presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Copies of any Proceedings that have been had at the Admiralty, relating to a Trial to be had on the Conduct of V ice Admiral Sir Hugh Palliser, in the Engagement with the French Fleet on the 27th and 28th of July last} viz.

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Sir Hugh to Mr.

Stephens, 26th December 1778: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to the honourable Admiral Keppel, 27th December 1778: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Sir Hugh Palliser, 30th December 1778: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Sir Hugh Palliser to Mr. Stephens, 10th February 1779: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Sir Hugh Palliser, iath February 1779: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to the honourable Admiral Keppel, 12th February 1779: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from the honourable Admiral Keppel to Mr. Stephens, 18th February 1779: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Sir Hugh Palliser, x8th February 1779.

Mr. Pent on also, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copies of all Official Letters that have passed between Philip Stephens, Esquire, Secretary to the Admiralty, and the honourable Admiral Keppel, relative to the late Court Martial held on the said Admiral; viz.

N® i. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to the honourable Admiral Keppel, 9th December 1778: And also, N° 2. Ditto, 1 ith December 1778: And also,

N° 3. Ditto, 12th December 1778: And also,

N° 4. Ditto, 14th December 1778: And also,

N° 5. Ditto, 18th December 1778: And also,

N° 6. Ditto, 19th December 1778: And also,

N®7. Ditto, Ditto: And also,

N° 8. Ditto, 21st December, 1778: And also,

N° 9. Ditto, 22d December 1778: And also,

N° 10. Ditto, Ditto: And also,

N* it. Ditto, 24th December 1778: And also,

N° 12. Ditto, 26th December 1778: And also,

N° 13. Ditto, December 1778: And also,

N° 14. Ditto, Ditto: And also,

N° 15. Ditto, 29th December 1778: And also,

N° 16. Ditto, Ditto: And also,

N° 17. Ditto, Ditto: And also,

N° 18. Ditto, 1 ft January 1779: And also,

N° 19. Ditto, 4th January 1779: And also,

N® 20. Ditto, Ditto: And also,

N® 21. Ditto, 5th January 1779: And also,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from the honourable Admiral Keppel to Mr. Stephens, 10th December 1778: And also,

N° 2. Ditto, Ditto: And also,

N° 3. Ditto, nth December 1778: And also,

N° 4. Ditto, 12th December 1778: And also,

N° 5. Ditto, 14th December 177S: And also,

N° 6. Ditto, Ditto: And also,

N° 7. Ditto, 16th December 1778: And also,

N° 8. Ditto, x 7tii December 1778: And also,

N° 9. Ditto, 19th December 1778: And also,

N° 10. Ditto, 20th December 1778: And also,

N° It. Ditto, 22d December 1778: And also*

N® ia. Ditto, 23d December 1778: And al o,

N° 13. Ditto, 24th December 177b: And also,

N° 14. Ditto, Ditto: And also,

N° 15. Ditto, 25th December 1778: And also,

N° 16. Ditto, 26th December 1778: Andal.o,

N° 17. Ditto, 27th December 1778: And also,

N° 18. Ditto, 29th December 1778: And also,

N° 19. Ditto, Ditto: And also,

N® 20. Ditto, ift January 1779: And also,

N* 21. Ditto, 2d January 1779: And also,

N" 22. Ditto, Ditto.

Together with Schedules of the said Papers.

And the said Schedules were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Tabl£, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Swlion.

Mr. Gascoyne, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

N° 1. Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony ot Nova Scotia, for the Year 1779: And also,

N° 2. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the lame, from the 24th of June 1778 to the 24th of June 1779: And also,

N° 3. Estimate of the Civil Estabiifoment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of 1778 to the 24th of June 1779: And also,

N° 4. Estimate of the Civil Estabhfoment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1778 to the 24th of June 1779: And also,

N° 5. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Island of St. John, in America, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the iftof January 1779 to the ift of January 1780: And also,

N° 6. Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee, ip South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1779: And also;

N° 7. Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North,

for the Year 1779.

Together with a List of the said Estimates.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Estimates are as followeth;

Estimate*;

Colon al EstabliQp*

men is.

i9

Geo. III.

12

Februarii.

163

E_$ TIM A T E t>f the Charge of maintaining and {importing the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony

of Nova Scoria, for the Year 1779.

Ei-C > i.

To an additional Salary to the Governor - - . - - - *

To a Salary<to the Chief Justice - - - . -

To a Salary to the Attorney General -

To an Allowance to the Secretary, for himself and Clerks -

To an Allowance to the Naval Officer - .

To an Allowance to the Register -To an Allowance to the Surveyor of Lands, and for other contingent Expences attending that Establishment -

To the Salaries of a Secretary and Messenger to the Council -

To the Hire of a House, and other contingent Expences attending the Secretary’s Office To sundry Stipends and Allowances for House Rent to the Ministers and Schoolmasters in the different Distriiffs of the Province -To an Allowance for Fire Wood for the Use of the Governor’s House and public Offices To the Expences of a Pilot Boat ——

To the Salary of the Agent ——

To the Salary of the Treasurer ——

To the Expence of the Orphan House -

To an Allowance to Mrs. How, who, after long and meritorious Services of her late Husband,

' is left destitute, under Age and Infirmity -

To an Allowance for a Magistrate in the Island of Breton -

To an Allowance in Aid of the Duties granted by the Legislature of Nova Scoria for the

Maintenance and Support of a Light House near the Entrance of the Harbour of

Halifax

To Michael Franklin, Esquire, Superintendant of Indians in the Province of Nova Scoria -

To an Allowance, upon Account, for Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Ilfue, of the Monies granted upon this Estimate - -

coo — —

700----

182 10 — 262 10 — 182 10 — 182 10 —

321 15 — 96 12 — 52 6 —

440 -

288 15 — 203 1 —

200 — —

5°----

384 1 $

100 — — 100 — —

too — —

300-----

150----

4,796 10 5

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the lame, from the 24th of June 1778 to the 24th ol June 1779.

To the Salary of the Governor - -

To the Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -

T© the Salary of the Chief Justice -

To the Salary of the Secretary ——

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands - - - *

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents -

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal ——

To an Allowance for a Minister of the Church of England, and Two Schoolmasters To the Salary of an Agent for the Affairs of the Colony -To an Allowance for Fees ——

I-

j C’

1,000 -- —

200 — —

5OO-----

ICO — —

,50-----

100 — — -I5°-----

TOO — —

116 — — 200 — . — 184 — —

2,900 -

Vou 372

a 2° Februariu

A-1779>

ESTIMATE of the Civil- Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East and other incidental

Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1778 to the 24th of June 1779.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief

To the Salary of the Chief Justice -

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council -

To the Salary of the Register -

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents -

*To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands ——

To an Allowance fof an Assistant - - - .

To the Salary of the Agent ——

To a Minister at St. 'Augustine - - - - -

To a Minister at Smyrna -

To a Schoolmaster -

To the Salary of the'Provost Marshal -

To an Allowance fof a Pilot established at Si. Augustine - -

To an Allowance for unforeseen Expences, and for the Purchase of a proper Assortment of Goods for Prefeftts to the Indians, and other contingent Expences relative to that Service - -

d.

1,200 —

500 — SO —

150 — 100 —

loo --

120 --

30 —

200 --

IOO --

IOO --

50 —

IOO --

5° —

2,000 — —

4,95° — __

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1778 to the 24th of June 1779.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief ——

To the Salary of the Chief Justice - - - - - -

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council -

To the Salary of a Register ——

To the Surveyor of Lands, and an Assistant -

To the Salary of the Agent - -

To the Salary of a Minister at Fenjueola ——

To the Salary of a Minister at Mobille - - - - -'

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, at £. 25 each -

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal -

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences, and for a Purchase of a proper Assort-ment of Goods for Presents to the Indians -

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents -

£. s.

1,200 —

5°° —

150 —

x5o —

IOO —

150-----

200 -

IOO -

IOO — ’

5°-----

IOO — - — >

2,000 —

IOO-----

I-

4,900 —

ESTIMATE

jjr Geo. Ill

2 2° Februarii.

t6$

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establi foment of His Majesty’s Island of Saint ’John, in America, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the ift of January 1779 to the ift of January tj8o.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief - - - - .

To the Salary of the Chief Justice -

To the Salary of the Attorney General ——

To the Salary of the Secretary and Register - - - - _

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands

To the Salary of a Minister of the Church of England....

To the Salary of the King’s Agent - _

To the Salary of the Clerk of the Crown and Coroner -

To the Salary of the Clerk of the Council -

To the Salary of the Naval Officer - - - - .

To the Salary of the Sheriff or Provost Marshal - - -

To the Salary of a Schoolmaster -

To an Allowance for a private Secretary, and for Dispatch Boats to and from the Continent, and also for Stationary, Fire Wood, iAc. &c. -

To an Allowance upon Account of Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Issue, of the Monies granted upon this Estimate -

£. s.

1,000---- —

400 — — 200 — — 200 — —

180-----

150-----

150-----

120 — — 80----

IOO -

100 — —

50-----

170-----

15°-----

3,150-----

ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Seuegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary,

and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1779. '

To a Salary to the Governor -

To a Salary to the Chief Justice -

To a Salary to the Superintendant of Trade at James Fort, on the River Gambia 1 -To a Salary to the Secretary of the Province- -

To an Allowance to Two Ministers ——

To an Allowance for a Schoolmaster at St. Lewis - -

To a Salary to the Secretary for Moorish Affairs -

To an Allowance for Repair of Forts, and other contingent Expences -

To the Expence of an armed Sloop to be employed under the Command of the Governor -

To a Salary to an Agent for the Affairs of the Province -

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal -

c

£. s. di 1,200 — — 400 — —

200 — —

200 — — 200 — - —

50----

IOO-----

2,000 -

1,000 -- —

200 — - — IOO — —

5,650----

ESTIMATE of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America,

for the Year 1779.

To an Allowance to a Deputy Surveyor of Lands at , during the Time Major Holland, Chef Surveyor of the Northern District, is employed in His Majesty’s Service -

To John Peachy and Roger Mall Holland, Two disabled Soldiers, left to take care of the Insti uments, for their Subsistence, at 1 s.3 d. per Diem each -To Mr. George Derbage, Assistant to Major Holland, he being now in America, at 5 s. per Day -

To an Allowance upon Account of Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Issue, of Monies granted upon the Estimate -

To an Allowance for defraying the Expence of making Copies, for the Use of the public Offices, of the Maps and Plans returned by the Surveyors, and for preparing them for Publication ——

To Joseph Frederick Wallet Des Barres, Esquire, on Account of his Expences in engraving ana publishing several Plates, from Surveys taken of different Parts of the Coast of North America, being Part of a General Work undertaken by the Direction of Lord Viscount Howe ——

IOO —

45 15

9i S

200

100 —

L504 5

d.

VOL. 37.

4

Uu

Ordered,

Way® and Means.

Laws

rotating

to

Sewers.

Gander

Lane

tt>

Sheffield,

kc.

Road.

Parish

Poop

Children.

166 22° Februarii, 1779.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to

eonfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the llesolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of Mart//, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingossed Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being relating to Sewers, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5.I. 13, After " Att*’ to insert "except for " receiving the Oath of any other " Commissioner."

Pr. 39.1. 5. To leave out " or the Tower Iiamlets."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend the Laws now in being relating to Sewers.

Ordered That Mr. Pownalldo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Gander Lane, in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the West Hiding of the County of York-, and also the Road branching out of the said Road, at or near Mof-brough Green, in the said County of Derby, to Clown, in the same County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Frederick Montague, c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 14th Day of January last, " That Leave be given " to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Att,

" made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the Parish Poor Children of the several " Parishes therein mentioned, within the Bills of Mortality,’’ might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was also moved, That an Att, made in the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the keeping regular, uniform,

" and annual Registers, of all Parish Poor Infants, " under a certain Age, within the Bills of Mortality," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Att, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the keeping of

regular, uniform, and Annual Registers of all Parish Poor Infants, under a certain Age, within tire Bills of Mortality; and also an Att, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Parish Poor Children of the several Parishes therein mentioned, within the Bills of Mortality, and to extend the same to the Parish of Saint Pan* eras, in the County o f Middlesex:And that Mr. bury Brereton, Sir Herbert M Mr. Brett, Mr. Tufnell, and Mr. Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common Stinted Pasture, and a certain Moor or Common, within the Manor of West Wiin the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common Stinted Pasture, and a certain Moor or Common, with^ in the Manor of West Witton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaytor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

llett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Att, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from , in the County of Worcester, and other lloads therein mentioned; and for amending the Road leading from the IVkite Cross, in the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the said County, to the River Severn; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the several Hundreds of,

and Thredling, in the County of Suffolk; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of South Molton, in the County of Devon; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved. That an Att, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amend ing, explaining, and reducing into One Att; of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Force?, by Sea," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Charges, Complaints, or Applications in Writing, for Courts-Martial upon Commissioned Officers, exibited at, or made to, the Board of Admiralty, since the passing of the said Att; and of all Orders thereon, or Answers thereto, and of all Entries, except the Proceedings of the Courts-Martial, in any Book or Books at the Admiralty concerning the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the usual Commission granted, since the pairing of the said Att, to the Commanding Officers of Fleets or Squadrons of Ships of War, impowering them to order Courts-Martial.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That ^eave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating

*nd

fcpfk

West

Witton

Inciolurr.

Upton

Bridge,

&c.

Road.

Hartsmere,

&c«

Poor,

South

Molton

Roads.

Government of Ships and Forces by Sea.

Stewards1* Fees of Copyhold Courts.

Supply*

Army;

Mutiny and

Desertion*

19 Geo. III.

226 — 23° .

167

and ascertaining the Fees of Stewards of Copyhold Courts i

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yes, j "*

Tellers for the Noes,|jJ;-^^;. \,}6.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the- Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1779, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Che/fea H for the Year 1779. be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Coming, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Government to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of by Sea. his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into " One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and " Forces, by Sea."

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Ways

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Meant. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is t 23® d Februarii;

Anno 19* Georgii ill'11 Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ordtook the Chair of the Committee. \/f R- presented to the House, according to

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Order, a B ll for erecting a Market House, and

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they regulating the Markets, within the Borough of had come to several Resolutions; which they had di- ter, in the County of Somerset; and for paving, cleansing, rested him to report, when the House will please to lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other

Bridge-

water

Market,

Ate.

receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was di-rested by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and

public Passages and Places, within the said Borough: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet, Vill, or Tithing, of Ablington, in the Parish of Bibtiry, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet, Vill,

Ablington

Inclosure.

for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quar- or Tithing, of Ablington, in the Parish of Bibury, in the

ters;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for limiting and ascertaining the Time of Service of such Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers as are already enlisted, and of such Persons as shall hereafter be enlisted in the Army.

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put,

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Sir William Guise do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Gloucester to Stone Roads as far as the

68.

Tellers for Tellers for the Noes,

(Mr. Robtnjon:

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom-Vox.. 37.

An ingrafted' Bill to repeal an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King ‘George the Second for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts passed for amending the Road from Gloucester to Stone, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, 9 Mile Stone, so far as the feme relates to the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, in the County of Gloucester -, and for granting other Powers for amending the said Road, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from a certain Bridge over a Brook or Stream called Sudbrook, near the City of Gloucester, to the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Sir William Guise do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Heath, or Waste Land, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of C in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Heath,’ or Waste Land,

and

Coleshill

Iaclofurew

i68 21* Felruarii.n; A. j.779.

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Cokfhiin the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Herbert do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Gloucester A BiH to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-first

Roads' Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for en-

from the larging the Terms and Powers of several Acts passed 9 Mile Stone, for amending the Road from Gloucester to , and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far a6 the same relates to the Road from the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at Stone; and also the Roads to or near BerkleyWot ton under Edge,

Stroud, and Sodbury; and the several Roads leading from the River Severn, and crolfing the said Road from Gloucester to Stone; all in the County of was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Guise, Mr. De Grey, fee.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mafty- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Inclosure Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Mafeyhamplon, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir William Guise, Mr. Townshend, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Raincock’s Bill to enable John Raincock, and others therein Kanie. described, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Fleming, pursuant to the Will of pitcher Fleming, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord, Mr. Solicitor General, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Army; Mr. Orcf, according to Order, reported from the Mutiny Committee of the whole House, to whom t)>e Bill for

Defer? punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better

e ertion. payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment?, be irigrossed.

Supply. Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was rer ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

‘Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-seven thousand Seven hundred and Three Pounds Eight Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of ' the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces

and Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sbf hundred Twenty-eight Pounds Two Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to F^is Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances

to the several. Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding X)ne hundred and Three thousand One hundred Twenty-seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Ckelfai Hof [dial, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir Walkin Williams Wynn reported from the Com- Wrexham mittee, t9 whom the Petition of several of the Trustees to

for executing so much of an Act, made in the Thirtieth rc

Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of " ham, in the County of Denbigh, to Bridge, in

" the County of Flint, and from the Town of Mold to;

" Northop, Holywell, and Rhuddlan, in the same i

" County, and from thence to the Ferry House, opposite tc the Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon,

" and from Ruthin to the said Town of Mold," as relates to the District of Road from Wrexham a forefad to; [

Pentre Bridge aforesaid, called the Wrexham District pr:

Division of the said Roads, was referred; That the

Committee had examined, and found that the Stand- j

ing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, c

relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the ':

fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he,

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered;

it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; .

and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the "

said Act was read; And,

Mr. John Hutchinson being examined, laid. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said . 1

Act, so far as relates to the said District. of Road, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit !.

of tire Tolls; that there now remains due the Sum of "

.756. 3 s.7 d.which cannot be paid off, and the ‘

laid Road properly unpaired, unless the Term of the j

said Act-is further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, j

made in the Thirtieth, Year, of the Reign of his Ma- j

jesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the " Roads from the Town of Wrexham, in the County " of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint,

" and from the Town of Mold to Northop, Holywell,

" and Rhuddlan, in the same County, and from thence " to the Ferry House, oppohte the Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon, and from Ruthin to the " said Town o{ Mold," as. relates to the District of Road from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint:

And that Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Mr. Williams, and Sir Roger Mojlyn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, Militia a Bill for defraying, the Charge of the Pay and Cloth- Pny ing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called Clothing. England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Rill be read a Second Time,

Ordered.

J9'Geo III.

2 3" — 24* februarii.

169

Duchy of 'Ordered That the Bill to enable Uye Chancellor and Emm" Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, for the Time being, to make a compleat and effect ual Disposition of certain , Fee Farm Rents, and otherJAents, within the Survey of the said Duchy, therein mentioned, be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain Fee Farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within :the Survey of the said Duchy: And that the Lord , Mr. and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Addrrf? Resolved, Netfiine contradicenteThat an humble Ad-

ef aFriuce* '^re^s Pre^ented to His Majesty, to offer to His Majesty our Congratulations on the happy Delivery of the Queen, and the Birth of another Prince; and to allure His Majesty of the very affectionate and zealous Attachment of this Hpufe to His Majesty and his illullrious Family.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

Estimate Ordered, That an Estimate of the Debt of His Ma-of the jellyVNavy, as it Hood on the 3 x 11 of December 1778, be Ni»y Debt. jaj(j ^cfore House.

Estimate Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an of the Estimate of the Gross Receipr, Payments, and Net Pro-

Customs. <juce of the Revenue of the Customs, from the 5th of January 1777 to the 5th of January lafft, with the Payments into the Exchequer, in the said Years reflectively.

Account;

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, Moriorf that he will be gmciously plealed to give Directions that for Paper* there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of all t

Letters and Papers received by any of His Majesty's Fleet*" Ministers, or by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, containing any Intelligence respecting the Equips ment, Number, and Force of the Fleet which failed from Brest, under the Command of Monsieur in

the Month of July Iaftj

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, , |97.

Tellers for rise Noes,11j O*

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-Sfamtn/ count of the Number of Seamen and Marines employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, between the ill of

nuary and the 31st of December 1778, upon a Medium of each Month, distinguishing the Seamen from she tylar*nes, and what Number of each were borne, and what muster-,ed, in the Service.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Money Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt of the in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1779, for the xchequer. XJifposition of Parliament, of the -Surplules, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund, commonly called ft he Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

Account Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Excise. Account of the Gross and Net, Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, from the 5th of Jury 1778 to the 5th of January last.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Mr.Speaker,

Mcrrberi The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to jfNaval repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Tvyenty-second Courts Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Martial. Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, explaining,.and.reducing into One Act of Parliament, the " Laws, relating to the-Government of His Majesty’s " Ships,'Vessels, and Forces by Sea," as directs tl\at no Member of any Court Martial, after the Trial is begun, shall go on Shore until Sentence be given j, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of dps . Hpufe.

And the’ Messengers withdrew.

r

A Motion was made, and the ^Question being put, Vox.. 37.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Papers fmrnJ His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give 0II board Directions.that there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of such Papers, found on Beard the French Frigates Pallas and Licorne, as relate to the Equipment, Number, and Force, of the French Fleet, then at Brejl.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, Afi Act Members to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty- of Naval second Ye.ar of the Reign of his late Majesty King Courts

George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, aftia‘

" explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament,

" the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea," as directs thac no Member of any Court Martial, after the Trial is begun, shall go on-Shore until Sentence be given, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Government

ing next, relolye itself into a. Committee of the whole of Ships and H°ufe, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An A<^ for amending, explaining, and reducing " into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the " Government of ;His Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and " Forces by Sea."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Forces by Sea.

J\rfercurii> 24* Fekruarii

Anno 190 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

SI R John Palmer reported from the Committee, to Kni°,ht whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Thorpe the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Commonable Inclosure. Places, in the; Lordships or Liberties of Knight Thorpe and Tiborpe Acre, in the County of Leicestewas com nutted j ‘That the Committee had examined, apd found , chat the Standing \ Orders of the iHopfe, of the 25th of April 1774, relative t;o Bills of Inclosure, had bgen complied, with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that $he Committee had gepe through the .....Xx ‘ Bill,

Wendovcjr

to

Buckinghata

Road.

Oxdown

Gate,

fee.

Road.

Dmifley

and

H:\ffVott

Inclosure.

Ashby-de-la

Zouch

to

Tetbury

Road.

170 24° rebruarii. 7 70.

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be’ ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Fifteenth and Twenty-

fourth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wendever to the Town of ingham, and other Roads in the County of so far as the same relate to the Road from the Welt End of the Town of Beaconsfield, to within Half a Mile of the River Colne, near Uxbridge, in the county of,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title 'be. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Fifteenth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from to the

Town of Buckingham, and other Roads in the County of Buckingham, so far as the same relate to the Road from the West End of the Town of , to

within Half a Mile of the River , near , in

.the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. IValler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Lovel Stanhope presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Xhirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdown Gate, in Popham , to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through , to

Chandler's Ford, and from Hurjley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge, and Winborne Minfier, in the County of Dorjec; and for amending and widening the Road from Ringwood Gate, in the said County of,

to W oohbridge, and from thence to the Great Western

Road, between a Place called Thick Thorn and Cashmore Inn: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Commons, or Parcels of Waste Lands, called Dunjley and Hrijfiott Commons, within the Manor and Parish of Kinver, otherwise Kinfare, in the County of was

read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Bagot, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Bagot reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn, in Tut bury, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and " found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by.One; and, upon die Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ngrolled.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Hell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire that this House will give Leave to Peregrine Cufi, Esquire, a Member of this House, to attend the House of Lords, in order to his being examined upon an Enquiry into the Management of Greenwich Hospital.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Cufi, being present, flood up in his Place, and declared that he was willing, with the Leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in the said McfT ge.

Resolved, That Peregrine Cufi, Esquire, a Member of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is defiled by their Lordships in their said Message, if he thinks fit.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew'.

A Bill for naturalizing Peter Bonnevaux, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Ralph Payne, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Moyjey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the President and Governors of the Hospital or Infirmary at Bath, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing and well governing an Hospital " or Infirmary, in the City of Bath," was read; by which it appeared, that the several Persons therein named were appointed a Body Politic and Corporate, for regulating and governing the said Hospital, with Power to receive and possess all such Sums of Money as then had been, or should then after be, contributed, given, deviled, or bequeathed, for the Purposes of the said Act, and with a further Power to them and their Successors, to purchase, take, and receive, at any Time then after, without Licence, in Mortmain, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Eftats or Intcreii arising or derived out of the fame, so that such Estates or Interests did not, and should not, exceed the Annual Value of £. 1,000 in the Whole.

And it further appeared by the said Act, That all Persons resident in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, whole Circumstances were such that they were not able to have the Benefit of the medicinal Waters at Bath, without charitable Relief, should be entitled to the Relief of the said Hospital. Then,

Daniel Danvers, Esquire, bei ng examined, said, That in pursuance of the Powers and Directions of the said Act, the said Hospital was completed and opened many years ago, and great Numbers of poor Persons,

-The Lords desire leave for a Member to attend them*

Bonnevaux’s

Nat.

Bvh

HospiuL

ip Geo. III. 24*

Tons, who lived at various Distances from and from the Indigence of their Circumstances were incapable of using the medicinal Waters there, have been admitted Patients into the said Hospital for the Trial of the said Waters, many of whom have been completely cured of their Disorders, or greatly relieved thereby; that the said Hospital hath not as yet realized more than an Estate of £. 240 Annum above Reprizes, which, with the iaterest of 10,675, ’n the public Funds, amounting together to about £. 560. 51. per Annum, forms the Whole of the Income of the said Hospital, exclusive of voluntary Contributions and pecuniary Donations, which are very uncertain, and wholly contingent, so that, although the said Hospital is large enough to receive 113 Patients at a Time, the Income thereof is very inadequate to the Support of such a Number.

And being further examined, he said, That many Persons who have been desirous of promoting the charitable Ends of the said Act, were unacquainted with the Ceremonies and Requisites prescribed by the Statute of Mortmain, with respect to Conveyances or Bequests of Lands for charitable Uses, by which Means their good intentions have been wholly frustrated, to the Loss of the Hospital, and Disadvantage of the Public. And be concluded with saying, That if all Persons, who may hereafter be inclined to be benefactors to the said Hospital, were enabled to give or bequeath Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Interest arising therefrom, to the Amount of the Sum limited by the said Act, and the Governors of the said Hospital were impowered to receive the same, without any greater or other Form, Ceremony, or Re-quilition, in the Will, Deed, or Conveyance of any Benefactor, than are required for devising or conveying. any Real Estate from one natural Person to another, the completing of the permanent Income of the Hospital to the annual Sum of £. 1000, as limited by the said Act would be accelerated; and a Charity, which extends to the Kingdom in general, the City of Bath excepted, the Inhabitants of which are expressly excluded from it, "would be greatly promoted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, more effectually to enable the President and Governors of the Hospital or Infirmary at Bath, established by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing and well-governing an Hospital " or Infirmary in the City of Bath" to take, or acquire and hold, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Interest in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and any Money or Personal Property to be laid out in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur-luant to any Will, or otherwise, to the Amount limited in the said Act: And that Mr. and Sir

John Sebright do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

City of . Wlr. Tudway reported from the Committee, to whom

-Wtj*s the Bill for building a new Assize or Town Hall, and

"c_a1’ Market House, within the City and Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset, and for regulating the Markets within the said City and Borough, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with thfe Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

oittt Mr. Foley presented to the House, according to Voi. 37.

Februarii. 171

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within and belonging to the Township of in

the Parish of Cropthorn, and County of Worcester:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second T^ime.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, ChesterfcM, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Ro^ of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road.

" from Chesterfield to the Turnpike Road at " Lane Head, and also the Road branching from the " said Road, upon the Eafi Moor, through Bqflow and " Wardlow, to the joining of the said Roads again

near Wardlow Mires, and also the Road leading between the said Road and Branch from Calver Bridge " to Bajlow Bridge, and also the Road from the Turnpike Road, near Newhaven House, to the Turnpike " Road near Grindleford Bridgein the County of " Derby" was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, Dewftmry to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dewjbi to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Thomas Skipworth reported from the Committee, Binton

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain and

Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Drayton other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Binton, and *nc^ure' in the Hamlet of Drayton, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, was committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

.and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,.and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he 1 read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Tirrie, One by

One;

171 240 — J5° Februarii. A. 1779.

One; and, upon the Question Severally ppt thereupon, were agreed to by the Hpufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Maidenhead Mr. Elwts reported from the Committee, to whom Bridge the Bill for widening and repairing a Lane, called Pitt's Road*. or Sheppard's Lane, leading from the Market House, in

the Town erf' Maidenhead, in the County of , towards CookMm, in the said County* and for turning the Course of the preienf Road, leading from Ray Mills and Cookham, to the Turnpike Road near head aforesaid, was committed That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Rill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone , . through the Rill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House i and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at cite Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon jthe Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Thai the Bill* with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Army; Ordered, That the Bill for puni(fling Mutiny and Mutiny Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army Desertion. ant* l*ieir Q.uarters» be read the Third Time ujxm Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Answer The Lord Hinchhibrcoh reported to the Hdofe, That to Addrtls their Addjefs of Yesterday (to congratulate His Ma-on the jesty on the happy Delivery of Her Majesty, and on BPrince/ l^c ®'rt^ anot^er Prince) had been presented to His Majesty; and t,hat Hi.s Majesty was pfeased to receive the same very graciously, and return Thanks to this House for this further 1 nftance of their affectionate Attachment to Him and His Family.

The Lord Hinchingbrook also reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and tliRt His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, t hat He will give Directions accordingly.

Way* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House and Means. i0 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly:

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated the 5th Day of April 177S, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated the 10th Day of October 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, Tint the Copy of Accounts of Sales of Lands in the Ceded IJIands, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales, the ift of July 1765 (which was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of March 1766) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sales of Lands in the Wands of Dominica, Tobago, and Saint Vincent jn 1776 (which was presented to the House upon the 1.0th Day of April 1767) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Sales of Lands, in the Ceded IJIands, in 1767, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales, the 8th Day of July 1767 (which w^s presented to the Hpufe upon the 5th pay of February 1768) be referred of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the general Account of Sales of His Majesty’s Lands in the Southern Caribbee IJIands, in the Years 1765, 17^6, 1767, 176$, and 1769, (which

was prelepted to the House upon the 10th Pay of April 1770) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of French prizes, tak.ep before the Declaration of War (which was presented to the Hpule upon the 7th Day of March ,1764) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Sale? of Land?

" in Dominica, 9th April 4770" .(which was presented to the House upon the 16,th, Day, of April 1772) be referred to the said Committee. \

Thea the House resolved itself into tbs Committee. '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr- Qrd took the Chair of the Committee,

(Mr-.Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Qrd reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed turn to report, when (the Hpufe will pfeaie to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may ha.vp Leave to fit agaiq.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Way* ing ntx-t, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ai^Meam. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read; Supply.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of che Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten iof -the Clock.

Jovis, 2 5* die Feb,

Anno 19® Georgii 1IL[U Regi?, 1779-

Prayers. 1

ORDERED, That Mr. St.John be added to the Alrcar, Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and &c-bring ip, a Bid for draining, impraving, and preserv- riuna^e* ing, the Low -Lands, in the Pari (lies of Ah car,

Halfall, and Walton upon the Hill, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Mr. St. John presented to the House, according to Ditto. Order, a Bilk Jar draining, improving, and preserving, the Low Lands, in the Parish es of Alt car, Sefton, fall, and Walton upon the Hill, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; And read the

jFirft 1 hue.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tune.

An ingrafted Bill -for dividing and inclosing certain Binton Open and Common Fields, Meadows, -Failures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Binton, and in the Hamlet of Drayton, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Wa was read the Third Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain-Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other (Commonable Lands, in the Parish of and in

the Hamlet of Dr avion, in the Parish of Old. Stratford, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Skipworthdo carry the Rill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

19 Geo. III. 250 Feb 173

CkCcrfieW, An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers sc. of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign Roads. of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from field to the Turnpike Road at and also the Road branching from the said Road, upon K the East Moor, through and to the

" joining of the said Roads again near Mires,

" and also the Road leading between the said Road " and Branch from Calver Bridge to Bajlow , and also the Road from the Turnpike Road, hear " haven House, to the Turnpike Road near " Bridge, in the County of Derby" was read the Third Time.

Kejolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty feeond Year of the Reign of his Majesty Ring George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " to the Turnpike Road at Lane , and also the Road branching from the said Rond, upon the East Moor, through and to the

" joining of the said Roads again near Mires,

and also the Road leading between the said Road and " Branch from Calver Bridge to Bajlow Bridge, and also " the Road from the Turnpike Road near New haven " House to the Turnpike Road near Grindleford , " in the County of Derby."

Ordered, That Lord George do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Miidahead An ingrossed Bill for widening and repairing a Lane, called Pitt's or Sheppard's Lane, leading from the Market House in the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, towards , in the said Coun-

ty; and for turning the Course of the present Road, leading from Ray Mills' arid Cookham, to the Turnpike Road near Maidenheadaforesaid/ was read die Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for widening and repairing a Lane called Pitt's or Sheppard's Lane, leading from the Market House, in the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, towards Cookham; in the said County 5 and for turning the Course of the present Road, leading from Rqy Mills and Cookham,. to the Turnpike Road near Maidenhead aforesaid. ’

Ordered, That Mr. EAves do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Moyfey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill more effectually to enable the President and Governors of the Hospital or Infirmary at Bath, established by an Act pafi'ed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing and well-governing " an Hospital or Infirmary in the City of Bath," to take, or acquire and hold, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Interest in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and any Money or Personal Property to be laid out in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pursuant to any Will or otherwise, to the Amount limited in the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Aven DaJJet, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Skipwith, Mr. Mellifk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 37.

Mr. Chester reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Thombuiy, in the County of Gloucester, and of others using the Roads thereinafter mentioned; and also, the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Clifton, in the County of Gloucester-, and also, the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Ashton, in the County of Someand others using the Road thereinafter mentioned; and also, the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Leigh, Saint George, Portbury, and Portishead, in the County of merfet; and also, the Petition of divers Inhabitants of the Parish of Bitton, in the County of and of the Parish of Keynfham, in the County of Somerset ?nd of others, Subscribers thereto, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined,^and found that thd Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills had not been complied with ( and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame* as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio we th; viz

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, Mr. Jeremiah Osborne, being examined, said, That the Road from the Ship at Alvestone, through the Town of Thornbury, to Stone, which is in Extent about Three

Miles and an Hail’, is too narrow, and would be a Road of great public Utility, if properly widened and repaired.

In Support of the Second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Osborne being again examined, said, That it would be very convenient to the Inhabitants of the Parish of Clifton, and its Neighbourhood, and to all Persons resorting thereto, if a Road was made from a certain Branch called The White Ladies Road, to Gallows Acre Lane, in the said Parish of Clifton, which would be about 150 Yards in Length; and that Notice has been given to the Owners and Occupiers of the Grounds through which such new Road would pass, of the intended Application to Parliament for a Power to make the lame. And he added, That so much of a Lane leading from a House in the City of Bristol, called the Red Lodge, to Clifton, as lies between the Top of Park Street and the End next Bristol of the Road which is usually called The White Ladies Road, cannot be kept in Repair by the Laws in being; the Extent of which Road is about too Yards.

In Support of the Third-mentioned Petition, Mr. Osborne laid, That the Road leading from a Place near the Coach and Horses, in the Parish of to the

Cross Hands, at the Top of C/erken Coomb, in the said Parish, is much out of Repair, and in many Places too harrow; which Road is about Three Quarters of a Mile* in Length.

In Support of the Fourth-mentioned Petition, Mr. Osborne being again examined, said, That the Road from the Two Mile Stone on the Ashton Road to bam Passage, and from thence, over Leigh Down, to Pill, is about Three Miles and an Half in Extent, and from Pill to the Sign of the Blue Anchor, at Portishead, is also about Three Miles and a Half in Length; which Road is much out of Repair, too narrow in many Places, and might be made a very useful Road if properly widened and repaired.

And the Witness being further examined in Support of the last mentioned Petition, he said, That the Lane or Way leading from Brockham's Hill, in the Parish of Bitton, in the County of Gloucester, to Kynjltam B idge, and from thence to the Briflmgtun Road, is much out of Repair, and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being; which Road is about a Mile in Length.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing the Acts passed in the

y yThirty-

Bfiftnl

Roads.

Parish

Poor

Children

2 5* Februarii.

174

Thirty-first and Thirty-second Years of King the Second, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Brijlel, anil for granting other Powers for that Purpose; and for making and maintaining a new Road from the Turnpike Gate near Stokes

Croft, in the HorfiAd Road, to the Turnpike Gate near

The Blackbirds, on the Stapleton Road, near the said City, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from a Public House known by the Sign of the Ship, at Alvejione, through the Town of

Thombury, to the Turnpike Road usually called The Hor* field Road, leading from the City of over

bury Heath, to Stone, in the County of , at or

.near the Thirteen Mile Stone on the said Road, if they think fir.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, That they have Power to make' Provision in the said Bill, for making and keeping in Repair a Road from a certain Branch of the Aujl Road, called The White Ladies Road, to Gallows Acre Lane, in the Parish of Clifton, in the County of Gloucester; and also for keeping in Repair so much of a Lane leading from a House in the City of Bristol, called 1 be Red Lodge, to Clifton aforesaid, as lies between the Top of Park Street, and the End, next the said City, of the said Road, called The White Ladies Road, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from a Place near a Public House, known by the Sign of the Coach and Horses, in the Parish of Long Ashton, to the Cross Hands at the Top of Clerken Coomb, in the said Parish, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Two Mile Stone, on the Ashton Road, to Rownham j and from thence over Leigh Dawn to Pill; and from Pill to the Sign of the Blue Anchor at in the County of Somerset, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending and keeping in Repair a Lane, or Way, leading from Rrockham's Hill, in the parish of Bitton, in the County of Gloucester, to Keyttsham Bridge, and from thence to the Briflington Road, if they think fit.

Mr. Salisbury Brereton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present

A.

*779-

Majesty, for the keeping of regular, uniform, and Annual Registers of all Parish Poor Infants, under a certain Age, within the Bills of Mortality; and also an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Parish Poor Children of the several Parishes therein mei.tioned, within the Bills of Mortality; and to extend the same to the Parish of Saint Pan eras, in the County of dlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and lnc^ur»-Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al* Dewfcury tering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in EaJjnd the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repair* ing and widening the Road from Dewsbury to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dewsbury to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing > Estimate the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- of fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, Na'}' *

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st December 1778: And also.

An Account of the Number of Seamen and Marines, Account employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, between the ift January and 31st December 1778; distinguishing

the Seamen from the Marines, and what Number of each were borne, and what mustered in the Service, upon a Medium of each Month.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Account were read.

The said Estimate and Account are as followeth; vtz.

k

t

v

k

i9 Geo III.

2 5 ° Februarii.

175

Navy Office, 7 An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on th» ti , f 4th February 1779.,) mentioned, as it stood on the 31st December 1778. Heads hereafter

Heads of the Naval EAnnates.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, and Transports.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, &c. I'upplied for the Service thereof -

For Freight of Transports and Tenders* and for Stores delivered mto His Majesty’s several Yards, &c. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1778, as also to several Bills of Exchange -To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establish ment made by his late Majesty in Council, on that Behalf - - - *

Seamen’s Wages.

Due to pay the Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off

To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31 1778

To discharge and pay off all the Biils entered in Course, for Slop Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeon’s Necessaries, Free Gifts, (sfc.- - - - -'

Victualling Defet, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due for Short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -For paying off all Bills entered on their Course -For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December

„ s J

1778 ——

For Necessary Money, Extra ditto Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies - -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Particular!.

j.

d.

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due to the Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty’s. Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and for Contingencies relating to the said Office ——

The Total amounts to the Sum of Six millions Three hundred Seventy thousand Nine hundred and Twenty Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten Pence -From whence deducting the Money in'! the Treasurer’s Hands - - -fas on the other

And all'o the Money that remained to C Side.

come in of the Supplies - ‘ . -3 The Debt will then be Five millions One hundred Seventy-five thousand Six hundred an<F Seven Pounds Three Shillings and Ten Pence Half Penny -

' ' ' 1

In this Debt is included, for Charge of Transports be-tweelT the 31st January 1778*' and 31st December following,

And it appears, by an Account receivtd From the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals iuppiied the Soldiers, between ift January\"yf% arid 31st December following, amounts to -

1

2,183,145 18 5

649,705 4 5 112,265-----

95»246 3 5.

158.284 8 9"

1,419,jSo 8 —

183,740 13 1

17,949 6 — 1,407,423 11 6

40,194 it 11 17,840 4 4 17,656 4 4

270,515 6

924,798 —

437,025 6

68,961 5 3

For which Sum of £.505,986. ni. 6J. Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted,-as the like Service was provided for in former Years.

The Nett Debt of the Navy will then be Four millions Six hundred Sixty-nine thousand Six hundred and Twenty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny - £

Tot Aii*

3,040,362 6 3

t,761,411 9 10

*501,063 18 t

68,082 16 8 ^370,920 10 to b*9S*3*3 6

5,t75,6o7 3 iof

505,986 11 6

4,669.620 12 4f

Chet. Middleton,. J. Williams, Edit/1, Hunt. Geo. Marsh. T. Brett. W.

Palmer.

Memorandum.

*n

Menttranfym: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1778, in Money, as undermentioned, and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

0

0 ' ?

0 0* rT 3

; 1 . 1 — ii * — > . la what Treasurer’a Hands. In Money, On the Heads of Tot]au

( ' " Wear and Tear, ♦Ordinary, and Trandom. Seamen’s Wages. > Vldliui*.

£. J. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

Bight honourible George Grenvilk, 5 In Money 7,645 2 7$ *,47 3* t»# a»379 16 5 7

Esquire - (Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen ioy 9 7* + V 11,605 10 7!

Right honourable Wm Lord Viscount 5 In Money - - 7*051 J9 Si 3,452 1 4: 1.640 7 7^7

Bar+ington, ' - - - 1 Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen 35 10 ioi 1 / r -C V I2»*79 l9

Right honourable Rick* Lord Vifcooftt f In Money - 10,152 16 14,278 7 i| *,097 10 - a m aQ m _ 1

Howe - - - I Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - - 19 12 6J 2*>548 7 yi

Right honourable Sir <J?/VJ*rr Elliot > fin Money 10,643 17 yi 2,813 — 6,727 1 — £) r, Q £ X

Bar Onet - «. «. (Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen m m m 102 1 7I - - - I 20,2,00 — fh

Right honourable EJBt, f In Money 140,222 — 4I 32,508 10 i* a Oj# Q . I

Esquire - - . (Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen 7,428 8 5 19,736 9 i4| 199.095 ® *

; "ssssssas *75*715 *7-i 62,218 3 9I 32,581 5 z\ 270,515 6 — *

14

Cjrt ' o

These remained, on the 31st Ditmhtr 1778, to come in from the Exchequer of the Supplies of the Year 1778

£ s. d.

924,798 - ii{

VO

A3'* — be*

19 Gf.O. III. 45° Februarii. 177

4

Navy Office, I An ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen and Marines employed in the Ser-24th February 1779. 3 vice of the Royal Navy, between the ift ’January and 31 1778, upon a

Medium of each Month, distinguishing the Seamen from the Marines, and what Number of each were borne, and what mustered in the Service i prepared pursuant to a Precept of the honourable House of Commons,

a

dated the 23d of February 1779.

MONTHS. Seamen, Marines.

t Borne. Mustered for Victuals. r Borne. . Mustered for Victuals.

January m m 5L938 5* >°43 9,347 6,769

February m - - 52,362 52»0,7 9.553 6,887

March mm* a. - 55>°2 9 54,882. 9.897 7*1

April — - - t. 56,484 55*9 10,360 ’7»5°5

May at - 5*»*32 58,086 10,814 7,872

June - - 60,522 ~ 6°.552 *.*53 8.389

July - _ - 63»577 63.549 11,698 8,705

August - m m . - - 64,7*3 65,232 11,815 9,084

September - m m - 66,19 6 67,429 12,546 9,630

October - - - 67,066 66,454 12,712 9,875

November - - - 67,187 65.331 12,760 *0,344

December - - 68,253 65,165 12,923 10,396:

Total - - 73I»529 725,712 135.578 102,570

Upon a Medium 60,960 60,476 11,298 8.547 .

Chau Middleton. J. Williams. Geo. Marsh. T. Brett.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Member* of the House.

Awount* The House was moved. That the Entry in the Jour-respecting nal of the House of the 3d Day of February 1741, SkipsofWar. " That the proper Officer do lay before this House, " an Account shewing what Time or Times any of His Majesty’s Ship’s of War in Commission, have been " in the Ports or Harbours of this Kingdom since the ift of October 1739S distinguishing how long they " continued in such Ports or Harbours, and the Numbar of Men borne and mustered on each Ship every Month respectively," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That' there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing what Time or Times any of His Majesty’s Ship’s of War in Commission, have been in the Ports or Harbours of this Kingdom since the ift Day of January 1778; distinguishing how long they continued in such Ports or Harbours, and the Number of Men borne and mustered on each Ship every Month respectively;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth

Tellers for the Yeas.

Tellers for the Noes, j Lord So it passed in the Nagative.

Bedford A Bill for charging the Lands within the North L,cvtri Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called

Drainage- Bedford Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in Vol. 37.

the Manor of Crowland, with further Taxes, for a limited Time, for discharging the Debts incurred by the Commissioners under an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second; and for better supporting and preserving the Drainage of the said Lands, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gould,

Sir John HyndeColton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to American their Order,

N° 1. Lift of the Commissariate appointed at the Treasury, in Consequence of the War in North,

with an Account of their Pay: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from John Esquire,

to Daniel Wier, Esquire, dated 17th December 1777, transmitting the Older of the House of Commons for an Account ot Persons employed in the Commissariate:

And also,

N° 3. Extract of a Letter from Daniel Esquire, Commissary at New York, dated iad May 1778, accompanying the Return of the Commissariate; And also,

N° 4. Lift of Persons employed in the Commissariate under Direction of Daniel Wier, Commissary General:

And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from John , Esquire, to Nathaniel Day, Esquire, dated 17 th December

1777, transmitting the Order of the House of Commons for an Account of Persons employed in the Commissariate: And also,

N° 6. Extract of a Letter from Nathaniel Day, Esquire, Commissary in Canada, to John Robinson, Esquire,

Z z transmitting

(Mr. Luttre/l, 7

(Sir William Meredith: \

38.

Lisburne,

J

50.

178

transmitting a Return of the Commissariate in Canada: And also,

N° 7. Lift of Comrhiflarics in , for the Year

1775: And also,

N° 8. Lift of Commissaries in Canada, for the Yedr 1776 s And also,

K® 9. Lift of Commissaries in Canada, for the Year 1777: And also,

N° 10. Lilt of Commissaries in Canada, for the Year *778; June34th.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Selflon.

Call of the The Nafnes of the Members who made Default to iloufe* appear upon the Call of the House, and were ordered to attend the House Upon this Day, Were called over; and they all appeared, except the honourable Fitzmaurice, and Charles Fitz Esquire,\vho

were excused upon Account of their ill State of Health, and Sir Cecil IFray, Baronet, who was excused as being on the Road to Town.

Government The House, according to Order* fefolved itself into -nd f orces a of l*ie whole House, to consider further

""y Sfa< of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act " of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Governrnent of His Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces by " Sea.’*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ways Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the nd Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of £.7,000,000 be raised by Annuities, and the further Sum of £.490,000 by a Lottery, in Manner following; that is to say,

That every Contributor to the said £.7,000,000 shall, for every £. 100 contributed, be entitled to an Annuity after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and also to a further Annuity of £.3. 15*. per Centum per Annum, to continue for a certain Term of Twenty-nine Years, and then to cease; the said Annuity of £. 3 per Centum, and o £.3. 15s. per Centum. to commence from the 5th Day ot January 1779, and to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England and to be paid Half Yearly on the 5th Day of July and the 5th Day of January in every Year, and shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, a Fund to be established in this Session of Parliament for Payment thereof, and for which the Sinking Fund shall be a collateral Security:

That every Contributor, or his or her Representa-tive, who shall chuse to have and receive a Life An-

l9

A.i-yic).

nuity indeed of the said Annuity of £.3. 15s. per w

Centum per Annum, to continue for a certain 'Perm of

Twenty-nine Years as aforesaid, shall, upon completing the Whole of his dr her Contribution Money, fi‘

and signifying fuel) his or her Intention to the Chief °(

Cashier of the Gbverfior and Company of the Bank of England, have a Certificate ligned by him the said 0

Cashier, expressing the Sum io paid by futh Contributor, or his or her Keprelenfative, and the Annuity, k

after the Rate of £.3. 1 gs.per Centum per Annum, to which such Person is entitled in rcljieft of the lame; ®

and shall, upon producing such Certificate to the Au-ditof of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, at —

any Time on or before the 2ad Day ol December next, have and be entitled to a like Annuity* a;ter the Rate Di

of £<3. ics. per Centum per Annum, to be paid at the ot: Receipt of the Exchequer* to commence from the 5th I®

Day of January 1779* and to^ be paid and payable tety.

Half Yearly, on the 5th Day of July and the $th Day

ot January in every Year, during the Life of such No- T

mihee as he or she shall appoint at the Time of deliver-- S*

ing such Certificate to the said Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the said Fund to be efta- hi

blillud in this Session of Parliament, and for which the ad

Sinking Fund is to be a collateral Security: ttid

That every Contributor towards raising the said Sum cd

of £.7,060,000 shall, for every £.1,000 hv him or her contributed, be entitled to Seven i i< kern in a Lottery to consist of 49,000 'Fickets* amounting to £ 490,000, upon Payment of the further Sum ct £.10 for each Ticket; the said £.490,000 to be distributed into Prizes for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which shall be paid in Money at the Bank of England to such Proprietors, upon Demand, as loon after the ift Day of March 1780 as Certificates can be prepared, without any Deduction whatsoever:

That every Contributor shall, on or before the 2d Day of March next, make a Depcfit cf £. 15 person such Sum as he or flie shall chule to subscribe to-waids raising the said Sum of £. 7,000,000, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and also a Deposit of £.15 per Centum with the said Cashier or Caliiers, in Part of the Monies to be contributed towards raising the said Sum of £.490,000 by a Lottery; as a Security for making the future Payments, respectively, on or before the Days or Times herein after limited; that is to say, On £.7,000,000 for Annuities.

£.10 per Centum, on or before the 23d Day of April

next.

£.15 per Centum, on or before the 28th Day of May next.

£. 10 per Centum, on or before the 25th Day of June next.

£.15 per Centum, on or before the 23d Day of July next.

£.15 per Centum, on or before the 27th Day of August next.

£. 10 per Centum, on or before the 22d Day of next.

£. 10 per Centum, on or before the 19th Day of No-

vember next.

On the Lottery for £. 490,000.

£.20 per Centum, on or before the 9th Day of April

next.

£.23 per Centum, on of before the 7th Day of May next.

£.20 per Centum, orl or before the nth Day of June

next.

£.20 per Centum, on or before the 8th Day of October next.

That all the Monies, so to be received by the said Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied from Time to Time

25° Februariu

19 Geo. III. 25® Febru 179

Time to Fuch Services as shall then have been voted in this Session of Parliament:

That every Contributor who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money towards the said Sum of £. 7,000,000 to be contributed for Annuities as aforesaid, at any Time before the 19th Day of Q El ether next, or on Account of his or her Share in the said Lottery, on or before the 8th Day of ’June next, shall be allowed an Interest, by way of Discount, after the Bate of jC-3 p*r Centum per Annum, on the Sums so completing his or her Contribution Money respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the 19th Day of November next, in regard to the Sum to be paid for the said Annuities, and to the 8th Day of October next, in respect of the Sum to be paid on Account of the said Lottery; and that all such Per-fofis as shall make their full Payments on the said Lottery, shall have their Tickets delivered to them as soon as they can conveniently be made out:

That the Annuities after the Bate of £.$ per turn par Annum, to be payable in respect of the said £. 7,000,000, to be contributed as aforesaid, shall, from the Time of their Commencement, be added to and made one joint Stock with the £.3 per Centum An* Unities consolidated, per Acts 25*, 28°, 29*, 31% 32% And Georgii a", and by several subsequent Acts»

and shall be payable and transferable at the Bank of England, and subject to Redemption in the same Manner as the said £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities are payable and transferable there, and Redeemable by Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was,'Upon the Quell ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a . Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornzva/l,the Lord Westcote, the Lord Palmerston, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Powell, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Gross Receipt, Payments, and Net Produce, of Customs in England, for Two Years, to 5th January 1779, and the Payments into the Exchequer.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followethj viz.

Vol. 57.

AN

Estimate;

Receipt

of

Customs.

C3

An ESTIMATE of the Gross Receipt, Fay scents, and Net Produce, of the Revenue of CUSTOMS in for Two Tears, to 5th January 1779; and the Payments into the Exchequer.

PAYMENTS, Payments into the Exchequer.

TEARS GROSS RECEIPT. / Debentures. Bounties. Certificates. \ Salaries and Incidents. NET PRODUCE.

1777 3,293,200 932,860 — — 200,050 — — 18,300 — — 295,600 — — , 1,846,390- — — 2,199,105 19 4

1778 3,538,040 868,600 — — 172,700 — — 23,000 — — 288,640 — 2,185,100. — — 2,131,458 13 6i

Custom House,

25th , 1779.

N'

CD

CL

CT

O

FT

R, Paifons, Comptroller General.

dl

'6LL1 -y - 'tuvnuqqj ogi

Papers

! reflecting East India Alfairs.

t

19 G eq. III. 2 5* Februari 81

Ordered, That the said Estimale do lie upon the Ta- Council at Fort their Military Depart-

blc, to be perused by the Members of the House.: ment, to the Court of DirectorB, datod the 6th March

' ' 1777: And also,

The House being informed that Mr. Jdichell, from N° 2.6. Extract of a Letter from the Governor Ce-the Directors of the East Inal a Company, attended at neral and Council at Fort in Bengal, in their

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Secret Department, to the Court of Directors, dated to the House, pursuant to their Order, the a 2th February 1777: And also,

N° 1. Extract of a Letter from the President and N°27. with One Inclosure, N® 28. Copy of Secret Council at Fort Saint George, in their Military Depart-; General Letter from the Governor General and-Council ment, elated the 15th Odeber 1776: And alto, at Bengal to the Presidency at Fort Saint George, with

N° 2. Extract of a Letter from George Stratton, Copy of their Letter to the Presidency of dated

Esquire, 'to John Roberts, Esquire, Chairman of the the 27th January 1777: And also.

Court of Directors, of the same Date: And also, . , Nf 28. 'Copy of a Letter from the Governor General

N° 3. Extract of a Letter from the Governor Ge- and Council at Bengal to the Presidency of Bombay, neral and Council in Bengal, in their Secret Depart- dated the same Day: And also, 1

ment, to the Court of Directors, dated 25th November ;N° 29. Copy of a Letter to the Court of Directors

>776: And also, from Lord Pigot, dated the 21st February 1777: And

N° 4. Extract of the Proceedings of the Governor also, i

General and Council at Fort William, in their Secret N° 30. Extract of a Letter from the Rajah of Taw-Department, dated the 17th October 1776: And also, ' jore to his Vakeel, dated the 3d February 17771 And N° 5. Extract of the Proceedings of the Governor also, ' '

General and Council at Fort William, in their Secret N® 31. Translation of a Letter from the Rajah of Department, dated the 21 (I October 1776: And also, to his Vakeel, dated the 13th 1777:

N° 6. Translation of a Letter from the Rajah of And also,

Tamjore to the Court of Directors, dated the same Day: N° 32. Translation of the Purport of a Conyerfation

And also, held by Colonel Stuart with -the Rajah’s Vakeel, on the

N° 7. Extract of a Letter from the President and 31 ft January 1777: And also,....

Council at Fort Saint George, in their Military Depart- N° 33. Copy of a Letter to the Court of Directors ment, dated the 14th December 1776: And also, from Lord Pigot, dated the 6th 1777: And

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from the President and also,

Council at Fort Saint George to the Governor' Ge- N° 34. Translation of a Letter from the Rajah of neral and Council in Bengal, dated the 19th OctoberTanjore to Mr. Stratton, dated the 16th 1777:

1776: And also, And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from the Governor General N° 35. Translation of a Letter from the Rajah of tnd Council at Bengal to the President and Council at jore to his Vakeel, dated the same Day: And also,

Fort Saint George, dated the nth November 1776: N° 36. Account of Grain sent for the

And also, - Company’s L/fe, after the Kingdom was restored to the

N° 10. Copy of a Letter from Colonel Janies Stuart Rajah, without Date And also, to the President and Council at Fort Saint George, N* 37. Account of sundry Effcds procured by the dated the 19th October 1776: And also, Ancestors of the Rajah of Tanjore, and which were

N° 11. Extract of the General Letter from Fort forcibly carried away by the Nabob, without Date: And Saint George, dated the 5th February 1777: And allb, also,

N° 12. Extract of a Letter from the President and N® S9. Account of Countries and Jewels which were Council at Fort Saint George, in their Military Depart- fold and mortgaged to the Dutch by the Rajah of Tan-ment, dated the 6th February 1777: And also,- Jor*,-without Date: And also,

N° 13. Extract of a Letter from the President and N® 39. Account of Tankas given to Europeans by Council at Bombay to the Court of Directors, dated the the Nabob on the Country, without Date: And

30th November 1776: And allb, also,

N° 14. Copy of a Letter from the President and N° 40. Account of Taijkas and Towjees given by Council at Bombay to the President and Council at Fort the Nabob to his Creditors and Servants on the Tanjore Saint George, dated the 17th November 1776$ with Country, without Date: And also,

Mr. Draper's, Diflent thereto: And also, N° 41. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Stratton to

N° 15. Translation of a Letter from the Nabob to John , Esquire, dated the 15th December 1776;

Mr. Stratton, with Two Papers respecting Keer Ul Deen And also,

Khan, without Date: And allb, N® 42. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Stratton to

N° 16. and Two Inclosures, N® 17 and 18. Trans- the fame, dated Fort Saint George, the 6th March 1777: lation of a Letter from the Nabob to Governor Strat- And also, ton, dated the 2d February 1777; with Papers respect- N® 43. Translation of Draught of a Letter from the ing Ins Claim to llauainantagooily: And also. Rajah of Tanjore to Mr. Stratton, dated the same Day:

N° 19. Copy of a Letter from the Nabob of Arcot And also, to the Court of Directors, dated the 6th February 1777: - N® 44. Translation of a Letter from the Rajah of And also, Tanjore to his Vakeel, dated the same Day: And also,

N" 20. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Stratton to N® 45. Account of Conversion between Colonel John Roberts, Esquire, dated at Fort Saint George, the Stuart and the Rajah of Tanjore, sent to the Vakeel 1 ft February 1777: And allb, with the above Letter of 6th March 1777: And

N® 21. Copy of a Letter from the same to the fame, also, transmitting a Minute respecting Karooden Karon, dated N® 46. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stratton to John,.

Fort Saint George, the 4th February 1777: And also, Robe, Esquire, inclosing One from the Nabob to N® 42. Copy of a Letter from Lord Pigot to the him, dated Fort Saint George, 7th March 777: And

Court of Directors, dated the 7th February 1777, trans- also,

.mitting his Lordship’s Diary: And also, N® 47. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Jourdan to John

N® 23. Copy of Lord Pigot's Diary: And also, Roberts, Esquire, dated Fort Saint George, 5th February

N® 24. Copy of a Letter from Lord Pigot to the 177 7: And also.

Rajah of Tanjore, dated the 14th February 1777: And N® 48. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Jourdan to the also, fame, dated Fort Saint George, 5th March 1777: And

N° 25. Extract of a Letter from the President and also,

Vol. 37. 3A N®49.

Papers respecting East India Affairs*

182 25 Fekruarii.' A. 1779*

N® 49. Extract of a Letter from the Govcrhor General and Council at Fort William, in their Secret Department, to the Court of Directors, dated the 2$th March 1777, with fevetal Letters from the Nabob of Arcot to the Governor General of Bengal: And also,

N* 50. Copy of a Letter from Mr. and Mr; Stone to the Court of Directors, dated the nth May 1777 5 And also,

N* 51. Copy of a Letter from Lord. to the Court of Directors, dated the 10th May 1777 s And

also, .....;

N* 52. Translatlon of a Letter from the Rajah of Tanjore to Mr. Stratton, dated the 21 (I March 1777: And also,

N® 53. Translatlon of a Letter, from the Rajah of Tanjore to his Vakeel, dated the 21ft, 1777:

And also,: 1

N° 54. Translatlon of a Letter from the Rajah of Tanjore to Mr. Stratton, dated the 29th March 1777: And also,

N® 55. Translatlon of a Letter from the Rajah of ' Tanjore to his Vakeel, with an Account of the Money and Grain received, by the Rajah when the Kingdom was restored to him, dated the 29th March 1777: And also, .'

N® 56. Translatlon of a Letter from the Rajah of Tanjore to his Vakeel, dated the 9th April 1777: And also,

N* 57. Translatlon of a Letter from the Rajah of Tanjore to the fame, dated the 24th April 1777: And also,

N* 57 (A). Extract of a Letter from the President and Council at Fort Saint George, in their Military Department, dated the 7th June 1777: And also,

N® 58. Copy of a Letter from Claud Russell, J. M. Stone, and Richard Lathom, Esquires, to the Court of

Directors, dated the 22d June 1777: And also,

N® 59. Translation of a Letter from the Rajah of Tanjore to the Court of Directors, dated the 7 th June 1777: And also,

N® 60. Translation of a Letter from the Rajah of Tanjore to Mr. Stratton, referred to in the last above Letter, dated the 24th of April 1777: And also,

N*6i. Translation of a Letter from the Rajah of Tanjore to Mr. Stratton, dated 12th January 1777: And also,

N® 62. Extract of the General Letter from Fort Saint George to the Court of Directors, dated the 2d July 1777: And also,

N® 63. Ext rad of a Letter from the President and Council at Fort Saint George, in their Military Department, to the Court of Directors, dated the same Day: And also,

N® 64. Copy of Lieutenant Colonel Horne's Narrative of Lord Pigot's Treatment at The without

Date: And also,

N° 65. An Account of the Nature, Rile, and Progress, of the Disorder of which the Right honourable Lord Pigot died, by Mr. Gilbert , Principal Sur-

geon at Fort Saint George, without Date: And also,

N® 66. Relation of Lieutenant Fireworker concerning the Nature of Lord Pigot's Confinement at The Mount, without Date: And also,

N® 67. Relation of Lieutenant Fireworker Speediman, concerning the Nature of Lord Pigot's Confinement at The Mount, without Date: And also,

N* 68. Extract of a Letter from the President and Council at Fort Saint George, in their Military Department, dated the 4th July 1777: And also,

N® 69. Copy of a Letter from Commodore Sir Edward Hughes to the President and Council at Fort Saint George, dated Salijlury, in Madras Road, 3d July 1777: And also,

N® 70. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Russell and Mr. Stone to Sir Edward Hughes, dated Fort Saint George,

3d July 1777: Afld also,

N" 71. Copy of a'Letter from the President and Council at Fort Saint George, in their Military Department, to Commodore Sir Edward Hughes, dated the same Day: And also,

N®72. Translation of a Letter from the Rajah of Tanjore to his Vakeel, dated 5th May 1777: And also,

N* 73. Translation of a Letter from the lathe to the lame, dated the same Day: And also,

N® 74. Copy of a Letter from Messieurs Clavd Jtll, J. M. Stone, and Richard , Esquires, to the

Court of Directors, dated Fort Saint id July

1777: And alto,

N® 75. Copy of a Letter from Messieurs and

Stone to the Court of Directors, dated Saint George, 5th July 1777: And also,

N° 76. Extract of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors, on Wednesday, 14th May 1777: And also,

N* 77. Extract of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors, on Wednesday, aift May 1777: And also,

, N* 78. Extract of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors, on Friday, 23d May 1777; And also,

N" 79. Copy of a Letter from Alexander Da’rymplt, Esquire, containing Obfefvations on a Letter from Colonel Capper, the 19th of April 1777, dated 24th May 1777: And also,

N* 80. Extract of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors, on Wednesday, 28th May I’j'l'J: And also,

N® 81. Extract of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors, on Thursday, 29th May 1777: And also,

N® 82. Extract of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors, on Friday, 30th May 1777: And also,

N® 83. Extract of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors, on Wednesday, 4th June 1777: And also,

N* 84. Extract of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors, on Friday, 6th June 1777: And also,

N° 85. Extract of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors, on Monday, 9th June 1777: And also,

N® 86. Copy of a Letter from Alexander Esquire, representing the Consequences of the Court’s warranting, by any Ad, the Legality of the present Administration at Fort Saint George, dated 4th June 1777: And also,

N® 87. Extract of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors, on Tuesday, roth June 1777: And also,

N® 88. Extract of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors, on Wednesday, 1 ith June 1777: And also,

N® 89. Copy of the Company’s Letter to Thomas Rumbold, Esquire, Major General He El or Munro, John Whitehiil, Charles Smith, Samuel , Peter Perring,

Alexander Davidson, John Holland, and James Daniel, Esquires, dated the same Day: And also,

N® 90. Copy of the Company’s Letter to Lord Pigot, dated the nth June 1777: And also,

N*9i. Copy of the Company’s letter to Messieurs Stratton, Brooke, Sir Robert Fletcher, Floyer,

Jourdan, and Mackay, dated the same Day: And

also,

N® 92. Copy of the Company’s Letter to Messieurs Russell, Dalrymple, Stone, and Lathom, dated the same Day: And also,

N® 93. Copy of the Company’s Letter to the Right honourable George Lord Pigot, President and Governor at Fort Saint George, Thomas Rumbold, Esquire, Major General HeElor Munro, J. Whitehiil, C. Smith, S. son, P. Perring, A. Davidson, J. Holland, and J. Daniel,

Esquires, dated the same Day: And also,

N® 94. Extract of the Company’s Letter to the Nabob of Arcot, dated the same Day: And also,

N* 95. Extract of the Company’s General Letter to Bengal, dated the same Day: And aHo,

N® 96. Extract of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors, on Wednesday, 16th July 1777: And also,

N® 97. Extract of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors, on Tuesday, 7th June 1777: And also,

K! 98. Copy of a Letter from Lord Viscount Weymouth

19 Geo. III. 250 reb 3

mouth to Sir Edward Vernon, dated at St. James's, txth June 1777: And also,

N# 99. Copy of a Letter from James Esquire,

protesting against Court’s Proceedings relative to Fort Saint George Affairs, dated 13th June 17775 And also,

N* 100. Extra# of the Proceedings of the General Court, the 18th June 1777: AnJ also,

N° 101. Extra# of the Proceedings of the Court of Dire#ors, the 25th June 1777 And also,

N° 102. Copy of a Letter from Alexander Esquire, dated 19th June 1777, aco >mpanying a Memorial to the Court of Directors, relative to their late Proceedings at Madras: And also,

N* 103. Extra# of the Proceedings of the Court of Dire#ors, on Wednesday, 2d July 1777: And also,

N° 104. Extra# of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors, the 4th July 1777: And also,

N9 105. Extra# of a Letter from the C -urt of Directors ro the President and Council at Fort Saint George, dated the same Day: And also,

N* 106. Copy of the Company’s Loiter to the Rajah of Tanjore, dated the same Day: And also,

N° 107. Extra# of the Company’s General Letter to Bengal, dated the same Day: And a<so,

N* 108. Extra# of the Pr -leadings of the Court of Dir #ors, the 20th August 1777: And all-',

N* 109. same relpcding the Establishment of the Temporary Government at Fort Saint George, with the Opinions of the Attorney and Solicitor General, and Mr. Sayer, thereon: And a' o,

N° no. Extra# of the Pr >ce< dings of the Court of Directors, the 27th Attguji 1777: And a'so,

N" 111. Extra# of the P. >ceedings of the Court of Dire#ofs, the 3d September 1777: And also,

N" 112. Extra# of the Proceedings of the Court of Dire#ors, the 10th September 1777: And also,

N* 113. Extra# of the P.oceedings of a General Court, the 24th September 1777: And also,

N° 114. Extra# of the Proceedings of the Court of Dire#ors, the 30th October 1777: And also,

N* 115. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Alexander Dal-rympfy, inclosing his Reply to the Minute of the Majority of the Madras Council, of 9th Augitjl 1776, dated

the 27th October 1777: And also,

N9 116. Extra# of the Company’s General Letter to Fort Saint George, dated the 23d 1777:

And also,

N9 117. Extra# of the Company’s General Letter to Fort Saint George, dated the 17th April 1778: And also,

N* 118. Copy of the Company’s Letter to his High-neis the Nabob of Arcot, dated the 13th April 1778: And also,

N9 119. Copy of the Company’s Letter to the Rajah of Tanjore, dated the same Day: And alto,

N° 120. Extra# of the Proceedings of the Court of Dire#rs, on Wednesday, 20th May 1778: And also,

N° 121. Copy of a Letter from Medieurs Rujjell and Stone, advifirg their Arrival, dated the same Day: And also,

N* 122. Extra# of the Proceedings of the Court of Dire#ors, on Friday, 19th June 1778: And also,

N9 123. Copy of a Letter from Alexander

Da try mpie, and John Maxwell , Esquires, as to the Enquiry into their Condu#, dated 17th June 1778: And also,

N* 124. Extra# of the Proceedings of the Court of Dire#ors, on Wednesday, 23d July 1778: And also,

N9 125. Extra# of the Proceedings of the Court of Dire#ors, on Friday, 31st July 1778: And also',

N° 126. Letter from Admiral Hugh Pigot to the Court of Dire#ors, dated 30th July 1778, inclosing Counsel’s Opinions on Lord Pigot's Cafe, and requesting them to present a Petition to His Majesty, to dire# His Vox.. 37,

Law Officers to take Prosecution under their Dire# ion: And also,

N° 127. Copy of an Opinion given at a Confutation, held the 21st July 17781 And also,

N* 128. Copy of Mr. Attorney General Thurlow's Opinion on Lord Pigot's Cafe, Rated in May 1777 1 And also,

N" 129. Copy of Mr. Solicitor General Wedderburn's Opinion On Lord Pigot's Cafe, Rated in May 1777: And also,

N* 130. Copy of a Lettes from George Stratton, Esquire, advising his Arrival in London, from Fort Saint , dated 25th July 1778: And also,

N9 131. Extra# of the Proceedings of the Court of Dire#urs, on Wednesday, the 16th September 1778: And al.o,

NJ 132. Copy of a Letter from Henry Brooke, Esquire, dated 141I1 September 1778, advising his Arrival from Madras: And also,

N9 133. Extra# of the Proceedings of the Court of Dire#ois, on Wednesday, the 23d September 1778: And alii),

N9 134. Copy of a Letter from George Mackay, El quire, advising his Arrival in , agreeably to

the Court’s Order, dated the zzd September 1778: And also,

N9 135. Extra# of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors, on Wednesday, the 21st October 1778: And also,

N9 136. Extra# of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors, on Friday, the 6th November 1778: And also,

N° 137. Copy of a Letter from Charles Floyer, Esquire, advising nis A,rival from Fort Saint in Obedience

to the Court’s Orders, dated the 4th November 1778: And also,

N9 138. Extra# of the Proceedings of the Court of D.re#ors, on Wednesday, the 18th November 1778: And

also,

N" 139. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Hugh Pigot to the Court of Dire#ors, dated the 11th November 1778, repeating his Request for the Court to apply to the Crown to profecure the Persons therein named, for illegally deposing their Governor, Lord Pigot: And also,

N* 140. Copy of a Letter from Mr. William , dated 12th November 1778, stating his Brother Archdale Palmer's Inability to return to England from Madras, according to the Court’s Orders: And also,

N9 141. Extra# of the Proceedings of the Court of Dire#ors, the 25th November 1778: And also,

N9 142. Copy of a Letter from George Stratton, Esquire, inclosing Duplicate Letter from Fort Saint George, sent per Swallow, dated the 16th November 1778; And also,

N" 143. Extra# of the Proceedings of the Court of Dire#ors, on Wednesday, the 2d of December 1778: And also,

N* 144. Extra# of the Proceedings of the Court of Dire#ors, on Thursday, the 10th of December 1778: And also,

N* 145. Copy of a Letter to George Stratton, Henry Brooke, Charles Floyer, and George Mackay, Esquires, dated 10th December 1778: And also,

N* 146. Copy of a Letter to Melfrs. Rufftll, Dalrymplt, and Stone, dated 10th December 1778: And also,

N* 147. Copy of same relative to the Troubles at Madras, with the Opinions of the Attorney and Solicitor General, Mr. Dunning, and Mr. Sayer, thereon: And also,

N9 148. Extra# of the Proceedings of the Court of Dire#ors, the 16th December 1778: And also,

N* 149. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Humphry Ram, requesting the Court would indemnity his Son G. A. Ram, at Madras, in an Action brought against him

Papers resptcting East India Affairs.

Papers respecting East India Affairs*'

25* Februarii.

A. 1779.

by Mr. Mackay, dated IOth December 1778: And

also,

N® 150. Copy of a Letter from. M. , Esquire, repeating his Request for an Enquiry into his Conduit, dated the 16th December 1778: And alto,

N* 151. Extrait of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors, on Thursday, the 17th December 1778: And also, .

’ N® rif2. Copy of a Letter from Claud Esquire,

requesting that his Conduit may be inquired into, dated the 14th December 1778: And also, '

N® 153. Extrail of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors, the 22d December 1778: And also,

N® 154. Copy of a Letter from George Esquire, acquainting the Court he is ready to answer any Quc(lions respecting his Conduit as a Member' of the Council at Fort.Saint George, dated 15th December 1778: And also,

N® 155. Copy of a Letter from Alexander Esquire, desiring to be informed what are the Heads of the proposed Enquiry into his Conduit, as one of the late Council at Fort Saint George, dated the 12th December 1778: And also,

N® 136. Copy of a Letter from G. Mackay, Esquire, acquainting the Court he is ready to answer such Questions as they may think proper to put to him, dated the 19th December 1778: And also,

N* 157. Extract of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors,- the 23d December 1778: Andalfo,

N® 138. Letter from Andrew Stuart, Esquire, to the Court of Directors, respecting the Conduit of Brigadier General Jamei Smart, at Maddated 2 2d December 1778: And also,

N° 159. Extrail of the Proceedings of the Court of Directors, the id January 1779: And also,

N* 160. Copy of a Letter from Henry,

Esquire, to Mr. Peter M'uhedated 23d December 1778, respecting the late Transactions at: And

also,

N® 161. Extrail of the Company’s General Letter to Fort Saint George, dated 23d December 1778: And

also,

N® 16a. Extrail of the General Letter from the President and Council at Fort Saint George to the Court of Directors, dated- the 19th September 1777: And also,

N® 163. Extrail of the separate Letter from Fort Saint George, dated the 19th September 1777: And

also,

N® 164. Copy-of a' Letter from Mr. Richard Lathom to the Court of Directors, dated the 15th' September 1777: And slid,

]\® 165. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Richard Lathom

to the Court of Directors, dated the 28th September \~l~l~l: And also,

N® 166. Extrail of the General Letter from Fort Saint George, dated the 3d October 1777: And also,

N® 167. Extract of the General Letter from Fort Saint George, dated the 15th October 1777: And also,

- N° 168. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stratton, lAc. to the Bench of Justices, dated the 7th October 1777: And also, .

N® 169. Copy of a Letter from Mr. G. A. Ram to the President and Council at Saint George, dated the 15th October 1777: And also,

-N". 170. Extrait of a Letter from Mr.’ John Whitehill to the Court of Directors, dated the 20th September 1777: And also,

N° 171. Copy of a Letter from John Whitehill, Esquire, to- the Court of Directors, dated Fort Saint George, 4th October 1777: And also,

N*-i72. Copy of a Letter from John Esquire, to the Court of Directors, dated Fort Saint George, 13th October 1777: Andalfo,

N® 1*73. Copy of a Letter from Claud and

> J

V

John Maxwell Stone, Esquire?, to the Court of Directors, dated Fort Saint George, 13th September 1777: And also,.

' N® 174. Translation of a Letter from the Rajah of Tanjore to Mr. Stratton, dated - 14th July 1777: And

also,

N° 173. Translation of a Letter Lorn My. Stratton to the Rajah of ‘Tanjore, dated. 41 h Av.gujl 4777: And also,

N® 17G. Translation of a. Letter from the Rajah of Tanjore to Mr. Stratton, dated :9th 1777 :. -And

also, ' , f ';

N° 177. Translation of a Letter from the Rajah of Taujor to Mr. Stratton, dated 23th August 1777: And also,

N® 178. Translation of a Letter from the Rajah of Tanjore to the Court of Directors, dated lit 1777: And also, -

N° 179. Extrait of the General Letter from the Governor General and Council in Bengal tq the Court of Directors, dated 21st November 1777: And also, .

N® 180. Extrail of the Proceedings of the Governor General and Council in Bengal, the 3d November 1777: And also,

N® 181. Extrail of a Letter from the Prc-fident and Council at Fort Saint George, in their Military Department, dated the 3th February 1778: And also,

N® 182. Extrail of a Letter from the President and Council at Fort Saint George, dated 7 th December 1777, transmitting Proceed ings before George A, Ram, Coroner, &c. respecting the Death of Lord Pigct: And also,

N° 183. Extract of a Letter from John IV,die hill,. Esquire, to the Court of D-rcitors, dated the 3th February 1778: And also,

N° 184. Transiation of a Letter from the Rajah of Tanjore to the Court of Directors, dated-29th January 1778 :* And also,

N" 185. Copy of a Letter from Richard,

Esquire, to the President and Council at Saint George, dated 21st January 1778: And also,

N® 186. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Jour dan to 'the Court of Directors, dated Fo Saint George, 28 th January 1778: Andalfo,

N° 187. Extrait of a Letter from the President and Council at Fort Saint George to the Court of Directors, dated the 14th March 1778: And also,

N® 188. Extrait of a Letter from the President and Council at Fort Saint George, in their Military Department, to the Court of Directors, dated the same Day: And also,

N® 189. Copy of a Letter from Brigadier General Stuart to the President and Council at Fort Saint George, dated the 6th Atlarch 1778: And also,

N® 190. Copy of a Letter from Major General Munro to the President and Qouncil at Fort Saint George, dated the 1 ith March 1778: And also,

N" 191. Extrait of a Letter from Thomas Esquire, to the Court of Directors, dated Saint George, 13th March 1778: And also,

N® 192. Copy of a Letter from George Andrew , Esquire, dated 14th March 1778, requesting, that a Copy of his Letter of the 1 ft ulr. to the President and Council, may be made a. Number, and traniinitted in the Packet: And also,

N® 193. Copy of a Bill of Complaint in the Mayor’s Court at Madras, G, Mackayverlus G. A. Ram: And also,

Extraits of Proceedings of the President and Council at Fort Saint George, subsequent to those already delivered to the honourable the House of Commons, in Books; viz.

N® 1514. From 16th September to 23d December 1776;

And also,

N® 195. From 2d January to 24th June 1777: And

19 Geo. III.

25* — 26° Februarii.

18$

Return

from tin?

ConiTnifi'irr^f*

of txcik*

N* 196. From 3d July to 24th December 1777 And also,

N* 197. From 5th January to 14th March 1778:

And also,

N° 193. Proceedings respecting the Libel mentioned in the Letter from the President and Council at Fort Saint George, to the Court of Directions* dated the 14th of December 1776, N° 7, and in the General Letter fro-n that Presidency, dated the 5th of February 1777, N*n.

Together with a list of the said Papers and Books.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Books do lie upon the Table, to be nerufed by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers and Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Brnere ,from the Commissioners of lixeiie, attended at the Door j he was caikd in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " Commissioners of Excise Return to the Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated 23d February 1779."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 26° die Februarii;

Anno 19* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

Knight

Thorpe

Inclosure.

Grafton

Fiyford

Inclosure.

AN ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Places, in the Lordships or Liberties of Knight Thorpe and Thorpe At re, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Retched, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and commonable Places, in the Lordships or Liberties of Knight Thorpe and Thorpe Acre, in the County of Leicester,

Ordered, That Sir John Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, in the Parish of Grafton Fiyford, in the County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Himbleton* dividing and inclosing the Open and Com*

Inclosure. rnon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and all other Commonable Land, within the Manor and Parish ol -

ton, in the County of , was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to mot this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 37.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Robertjbridge, in the Parish of in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioiuts observe, by the Votes, that the Trustees appointed by an passed in the Twenty-iixrh Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell Vert, in the Panlh of Ticin the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of HaJiings, in the said County, And several other Persons, have present. d a Petition tm Leave to oring in a Bill to continue the Teim. a d enlarge the Powers, of the said Afl; ana alto for turther Powers for more eftcdually amending and keeping the said Road in Repair; and reptefenting to the House, That the Turnpike Gate, at the Welt End of ti e Town of Robertjbridgat the Entrance of the Hoad leading to the Parish of in the

laid County, lus been, from its Eretftion to the present Time, a great and unjust Oppression upon the poor and ir.dust ious Inhabitants of the said Town of Rob: rtf-bridge, lubjccting their hire Wood, Faggots, and Timber, in particular, and ma;y other of the Necesskrie* of Lite, to a heavy Tax, which they are not able to bear; and what renders this Grievance still more intolerable is, that the large and more opulent neighnour-ing Town of Battle, which stands upon the said Road leading from Film well Kent to HaJiings, is open at the West End, where it has a free Communication with very considerable Woodlands in its own Parish, besides those in the Parishes of Bright ling, Mcntfield, and Dal’iugton, being altogether the moll extensive Woodlands in that or any Part of the County, without paying any Toll whatever: And therefore praying, That the said loll Gate, at the West End of the Town of Robertjbridge, upon the Entrance of the Road leading to BrigktL.g,may be removed, or that the House will

take their same into Consideration, and grant them such other Relief as they shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from F/imxvell Vent, in the Parish of Ticehurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of HaJiings, in the said County, is committed.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed,

Mr. Mortimer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for extinguishing the Cattle Gates or Leas upon certain Stinted Pastures, within the Parish oi West Slower, in the County of Dorfei, and for allotting certain Lands in Exchange for the Glebe Lands, and for the said Cattle Gates or Leas belonging to the Impropriator of the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent tb the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made le-veral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Thread and Silk Lace, commonly called Bone Lace, in the Counties of Buckingham, Bedford, Northampton, and other Parts of this King lorn, was presented to the House, and read;

3 B Setting

Fl’nwdf

Vent

ro

Halting*

Road.

West

Slower

Tythei.

Foreign Bone Lace.

1

186

16° Februarii. A. 1779.

Set ring forth, That the Petitioners, sensibly affected with the continual and most alarming Decline in the Deina d f u trie aici Commodity, feel themselves ne-Cellitr.cd ro request the I iterposition of the Legislature, to prevent their Ruin, and the total Destrudtiort of numherlels poor Artificers, whole Support for many Years past has been drawn from the said Manufacture, in which they have been reputably and industriously employed to public Advantage; and that this distressing Circumstance is occasioned, in a great Measure, by the itv.mense Quantities of Foreign Thread Bone Laces smuggled into this Kingdom, and His Majesty’s other Dominions, which are publicly fold under the Sanction or having paid Duty, a fallacious Pretence that succeeds with uncommon Impunity, through the Want of an Act to prevent the Importation of low-priced Laces, it being almost impartible, as the Law now stands, to convict any Lace Dealer of possessing un-li enfed Goods; and that the Evil stops not here, for if, by any Mismanagement, some small Packets of Laces, that cannot for Sale bear the Duty of 16 Yard, should be brought to the Custom House, through Mistake, they are ealily re-entered for Exportation, and a Drawback of 14 d. Yard being recoverable, the only Loss sustained is 2 in the Yard; and the Petitioners have great Realbn to believe, that the Dealers in contraband Goods, well' acquainted with this Business, carry it still farther, and re-land the Laces before they quit the Fiver Thames-, by which iniquitous Deceptions the most effectual Destruction overwhelms the fair Trader, while the industrious Artifice; peiilhes through extreme Want; and that, for these Six Years past, t ie Petitioners have been much affected with the Complaints and Distresses of this numerous Body of Artists, whom they have relieved, and have provided them with Materials, and taken their Work without a Hope of vending near the Quantity they made; and the Petitioners apprehend, that the only effectual Remedy against the Progress of these Calamities would be totally prohibiting the Importation of all foreign Thread or Silk Laces, commonly Called Bone Laces, the original or first Price of which is Six or even Five Shillings per Yard and under, an additional Duty of Eight Pence per Yard being laid &t the same Time on ail Laces from that Price to Ten Shillings, and a still higher Duty from Ten Shillings upwards; for an Act of this Nature would give such Vigour to the Petitioners Exertions, and so rapid a Progress to their Improvements, as would quickly enable them to increase the Reputation of this Commodity. The Revenue, in Consequonce of the increased Importation of the Thread and Silk used in this Manufacture, would receive an Addition so considerable as to render the Duties, loft by the Prohibition, a Matter of no Consideration, particularly if it be adverted to, that a very small Part of the I aces, under Five Shillings per Yard, are ever entered at all, or, if they should be entered, it is only to afford an Opportunity for carrying on an illicit Trade with greater Security; and that the Petitioners are well aware of the Objections that may arile against a Prohibition on the Importation of German Bone Lace, but apprehend that such Objections would be founded in Misinformation, as few low-priced Laces are ever entered; and that for One Yard of German Lace imported into this Country, and paying Duty, there are Ten thousand Yards of prohibited French Laces fraudulently introduced by the French Lace Merchants, and others, under that Denomination, through the Inability of the King’s Officers to distinguUh the one from the other, and they consequently fear to make a Seizure under hazardous Circumstances; and that the Notoriety of these Grievances is unquestionable, dif-trefling at they are, they contain but faint Outlines of the numerous Oppressions under which the British Lace Manufacturers have long struggled; and with ihc

utmost Deference the Petitioners submit the proposed Prohibitions to the Consideration of the House, humbly conceiving, if they were parted into an Act, it would prevent the destructive Practice of Lace smug-gling, and alleviate the Miseries arid Anxiety under which Thousands of the reduced Artificers now labour.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Dealers in Tea and Spirits, residing in the Town of Buckinghdm, and adjacent Villages, in the County of Bucks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That within these Six Years past the daily Increase of Smuggling has almost deprived the Petitioners of their Tea and Spirit Trade, inlbmuch that without the speedy Interference of Parliament the Revenue arising from the Duties on these Articles will be daily decrealing; and that, from an established Correspondence which the Smugglers have in almost very Town and Village throughout the Country, where they have unentered Houses, in which they lodge their Goods, they dispose of the same to Hawkers and Duffers, who seldom carry more than Four or Six Pounds of Tea with them, and that made up in small Quantities, which they fell to private Families; the great Difference in the Prices (the Duty paid on this Article being lo high) is so great Temptation, that many Families are induced to purchase of the Smugglers almost their whole Consumption: And therefore praying the House will take the Aiffair under Consideration, and effectua'ly to flop the increasing Evil, pass a I aw with such Regulations as to them shall seem meet, to detect Smugglers, and inflict such Punishments and Penalties on them as will for ever prevent their being guilty of the like Practices, lo injurious and detrimental to the Commerce and Revenue of this Kingdom,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir William Wake reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Lepton, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West hiding ut the County of York, was committed; That the Commit ee had examined, and found that ihe Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to

Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their C nfent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made le-veral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he retd the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bi 1, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and, then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Piper's Inn to Glastonbury, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset-, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Piper's Inn aforesaid to Athelney Bridge, in -the same County, was i -ad a Second Time

Jlefolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Popham,

Mr.

Petition

complaining

of

Smuggling*

Lepton

loclofore

Piper*! Inn thro*

Glaitonbiwjr

Ko^d.

fiper’s Inn ihro’ Gbllonbury Road.

Cranage

Iadofjrc.

Wrexham

to

Pentre

Road.

ip Geo. III.

a6° Februarii.

187

Mr. Townshend&c: And they art to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Matters, and Burgesses, and Others, the principal Inhabitants of the City of Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset, on Be* half of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said City or Borough, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; arid afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the said City or Borough is very ill paved, cleansed, and lighted, and subject to various Encroachments and Annoyances, and very incommodious and unsafe for Travellers and Passengers; that it will be of great public Utility and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said City or Borough and to all Persons resorting thereto, if the same was properly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and all Encroachments and Annoyances aforesaid removed, and prevented for the future. And he further informed your Committee, That towards defraying the Expences of the said Works, it is proposed to receive a small Toll on Sundays at all the Avenues leading into the said City or Borough. And he added. That all the Roads mentioned in the Bill now before the House, for repairing several Roads leading from the said City and Borough of Wells, have Communication with, and lead through, the said City or Borough.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Piper's Inn to Glastonbury, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the county of ; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Piper's Jm aforesaid, to Athelney Bridge, in the same County, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for paving, deanfing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, within the said City or Borough.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds within the Township of Cranage, in the County Palatine of Chester And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir WatkinWilliams Wynn presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of Ins Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening,

" and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town " of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre " Bridge, in the County of and from the Town " of Mold to Northop, Holywell, and in the same County, and from thence to the Ferry House " opposite the Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon, and from Ruthin to the said Town of Mold,'' as relates to the District of Road from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refokcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

You. 37,

Ordered, That the Lord Mulgrave do iiiake the Re- Government port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom

the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the j,y Sea; Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for am end- ing, explaining, and reducing into One AftofPar- liament, the Laws relating to the Government of " His Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea," was committed.

The Lord Mulgrave accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Seoond Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

Sir Philip Jennings Clerke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for restraining any Person, concerned being a Member of the House of Commons, from be- i» ing concerned himself, or any Person in Trust for him, Comradku in any Contraft made by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ord nance , or by any other Person or Persons for the Public Service, unless the said Contraft shall be made at a Public Bidding: And the same was received 1 and read the First Time.

.'Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That- the said, Bill be read a Second Time Upon Monday SeVennigth, the 8th Day of March next.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, Butcher*

" An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, La- Appre»«iflup». " bourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices," might be fead.

And the same being read accordingly:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ih a Bill to enable Persons to exercise the Trades of Bakers and Butchers, although they shall not have been brought up as Apprentices in the said Trades; And that the Lord Ongley, Mr. Gilbert, and Mn George , do

prepare, and bring in the lame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill for defraying the Charge of the ci'Oathing> Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, be now read a Second Time;

Thfc House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the " Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England,

" for One Year, beginning the 25 th Day of March " 1778; and for filling up Vacancies in the Militia in the Cafes therein mentioned," might be read;

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will upon Tuesday Seven-night, the Ninth Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to Leather head; whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in tec.

Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty- R°a<1*

third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Iwt at Leather/icad to the May Pole at the upper

Duchy of Lancaster Eila res.

DiArt fled Debtors,

Army; Mutiny and Desertion.

188 26® Februarii.-~-\'> A. 1779.

pr F.nd of Spital or Sotnerfet Street, in the Parish of

Sink:,near the Town of Gulin the County of Surry, was ret. 'red *, That the Committee had examined, a d found that the Standing Orders of the H -use, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike had been complied with} and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had cliieftecl him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his P*ace; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Jones, Clerk to the Trustees, informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have caused the said R act to be repaired; and that the Sum of i*oooo is now due and wing upon the Credit of the said A cl, together with Three Years and a Half Arrear of Intc-rest; which Debt cannot be poid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and some of the Tolls in-aeased, and some Amendments and Alterations made in the said Act.

Sir Frederick Evelyn, Treasurer to the Trull, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given- to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead to the May Pole at the upper End of Spital or Street,

in tire Parish of Stoke, near the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey: And that Sir Joseph Mawbey and Mr. Scarwen do prepare, and and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Hyde presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, to sell and dispose of certain Fee Farm Rents and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within the Survey of the said Duchy: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Officers, Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, Marines, Soldiers,

isle.&c. Prisoners for Debt in His Majesty’s Prison of the Kings Bench, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners, suffering the fevers Hardships of Imprisonment, are under the Necessity of making Application to the House upon a Business which not only concerns themselve;, but many Thou lands of others His Majesty’s Subjects, now confined for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners, in order to induce the House to listen to the Prayer of their Petition, are willing to give every Proof of their honeil Intentions, by giving their Effects to their Creditors, and their Services to the State, either in their own Persons or by Substitutes, by which Means some Thoufantls will be added to His Majesty’s Forces: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief, by Act or otherwise, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Bill, now ingossed, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingossed C’atrfe was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, That a Regimental

Court Martial, held in Great Britain, shall not consist of less than Five Commission Officers; and for limiting the Number of Lillies to be infiifted by such Court Martial.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negat ive.

Refo/ved, Tint the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and Irom the said Town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties

O *

of Cumberland and IPej/moreland, is committed.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the C ulloms, at termed at the Door; he was called in: and, ar the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity and Value ol Goods exported from that Part of Gre Britain called Etrjai.d, to Ireland, and imported fr an I)eland int i that Part of Great Britain called England, from ill January 1768 to ift January 1779; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account ot all the Wooden or Bay Yarn imported into tint Part of Great Britain called n Ireland, since Chrifmas 1773; to which Time the Lft Account was delivered to the honourable House of Commons.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do' lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refo/ved, That this House wiil, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Commitiee of the whole Hoide, to consider further of Wars and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunesy 1° die Martii;

Anno 19* Georgii III. " Regis, 1779. Prayers.

SIR Joseph Mawbey presented to the House, acceding to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first: Year of the Reign of his late Ma -. fly, for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead to the Pole at the upper

End ef Spital ox Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoke, near the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Storey And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

19 Sir

Carliflf

to

Pc*nri»ti

Road.

2

21

Accounts; Imports and Export:, lrclaad.

Wa\s and Means#

Supply.

Leat’^rhead,

c.

Road*

Hfrbcrbury

Inclosure.

Bridgewater M*r*er, &c.

Huttoft

Inclosure.

Wllingham

lacioidfc.

lurton upon Trent Sum&

ip Geo. III.

i° Mart

189

Sir Thomar Skipwith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Common^ able Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and WffteLand, within the Parish of otherwise

Harbury, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for erecting a Market House, and regulating the Markets, within the Borough of , in

the County of Scrnerfet; and for paving, clean ling, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Borough, was read ‘ a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Allen, Mr. Pouleit, &c.: And. they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham* ber.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain Open Fields, logs. Meadows, and Commons, or Watle Lands, within the Pa ilh of Hut~ toft, in the County of Lincoln 1 And the same was received; and read the Full Tune.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Broxvnloxv Bertie reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Furze, Leys, Stinted Common Pastures, and Wafts Grounds, in the Parish of Willingham, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; Thar the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 17 /4, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (exceDt the Owner of Lands assessed to the Quarter’s Land Tax at the Sum of u, 8 d.who was against. the Inclosure, because her late Father was against all Inclosures, and that ihe would not consent to it, however beneficial it might be to her Estate; and also except the Owners of Lands affuT. ! to the Quarter’s Land Tax at £.5. <r. who refund to con ent; and that the whole Lands affected by the Bill are assessed -to the Quarter’s Land Tax at the Sum ot /.iy. ioj-. 2; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bid) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di:efted him to report to the Floufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qudlion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas do make the Re-

port from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Henry Lord , Baron of Beaude-fert, in the County of Stafford, and the humble Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Burton upon Trent, in the said County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Sir Thomas Skipwith accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-pth i.viz.

Vo L.37.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Fowler being examined, said. That the Streets*

Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Town and Borough of Burton upon Trent, are at *

present very ill paved,'lighted, and cleansed, and are subject to great Nuisances, Annoyances, and Incroachments therein; and the public Drains of the said Town are in a bad Condition: And that he apprehends, if the said Streets, Lanes, and other public Paffvges and Places, within the said Town and Borough, were properly paved, lighted, and cleansed, and the Nuisances,

Annoyances, and Incroachmenrs, therein removed, and prevented in future; and also, if the public Drains were properly cleansed, and new Drains made, the same Would tend greatly to the Safety, Health, Benefit, and Advantage,' of the Inhabitants of the laij Town and Borough, and be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Town and Borough of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford’, and for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein: And that Sir Thomas with, Sit William Begot, and Sir John Wrottefey, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and Aflihvdela alter ing and enlarging the Powers, of an Aift, made in Z"»di the Twenty' fixih Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, y

for repairing the Road from Ashby-d in the Road.

County of Lehester, through Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock in Tutbury,

in the said County, was read the Third Tune.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-£x;h Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Afoby-de-la-Touch, in the County of

Leicester, through. Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn, in Tutbury, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Skipwith do carry the Bill /. to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ot

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Cir.-uceRu passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his stro'u\°R*.l late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencesterto the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dudbridge, and also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bifley, to far as the Bottom of Gulph Hill, all in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir William Guise, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Cirencester passed in the Thirty-iecond Year of the Reign of his cricklad* late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and Road, widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chester,

Sir William Guise, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Lepton mons and Waste Grounds within the Towr.ship of Lep- *nt-l°fure-ton, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An AcV for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Lepton, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

3 C Ordered,

f-

19°

Martii.

A.

*779'

yarifli'Poor

Children.

Cwdo^’n

Gate,

He,

Road.

Ordered, That Sir William Wake do carry the Bill to and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. made several Amendments thereunto; which they had

directed him to report to the House; and he read the A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the keeping of regular, uniform, and annual Registers of all Pari 111 Poor Infants, under a certain Age, wuhin the Bills of Mortality; and also an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Parish Poor Children of the several Parishes therein mentioned, within the Bills of Mortality; and to extend the same to the Parish of Saint Penter as, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Re/ohed> That the Bill be committed to Mr. hi<ry Brertton, Sir 'ftjeph Maw, &c.: And they are

to meet th"« Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the . i

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for building a new Assize or Town ^all, and Market House, within the City and Borough ..ABzeHali, < )ZJk7ells, in the County o (Semerfet;and for regulatingv *= iS'Markv ^id City and Borough, was

ed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title *

be, Act for building a new Assize or Town Hall, and M \et House, within the City or Borough of , in the O' ' ty of Somerset-, and for regulating the Markets wit ’L ’e said City or Borough. '

Ordere- £ it Mr. Popham do carry the Bill to the Lords, anc>_* 'e their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roa«’s from Oxdown Gate, in

Popham Lane, to the City of Winchester; and from the said City, through Hurjley, to Chandler's Ford; and from

Hurjley afori said to the Turnpike Road at Romsey; and Mr. from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in Mr. Speaker,

the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Winborne Minster, in the County of Dorset; and for for dividing and inclosing a Common Stinted Pasture, amending and widening the Road from Ringwood Gate, and a certain Moor or Common, within the Manor of

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and

West

Witton Ts Inclosure.

in the said County of Southampt, to Wools bridge, and from thence to the Great Western Road, between a Place called Thick Thom and , was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. S(mtr ’ hope, Mr. Penton, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's . Chamber.

'Askwith

and

gnowd n Moor.

West Witton, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act; for confirming and establishing the Division and Allotment of the Common or Open Fields, and Common Downs, within the Manor of Milfton and in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act;

Sir John Goodricke reported from the Committee, to for dividing and inclcling certain Open Fields, Lands, whom the Bill for dividing, indoling, and improving, and Grounds, in the Parish of Brattleby, in the County certain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Town- of; without any Amendment: And also,

ship of Afkwuh, in the Parish of Weston, in the County The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows,

was committed; That the Committee bad examined, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, of Croft, in the and found that tie Standing Orders of the House, of County of; without any Amendment: And

the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, allb,

had been complied with; and that the Committee had The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the to enable Nathaniel Lee Esquire, and the Heirs

lame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of

k

Million,

&c.

Inclosure.

Brattlelif

Inclosure.

Croft

Inclosure.

A "on* Name.

given their Content to the Bill,-to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that, the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,'in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

Leicester,

&c.

Road.

Alemouth

to

Hexham

Road.

before, and jointly with, the Surname of pursuant to the Will of Baptist , Esquire, deceased; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, lor repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester. in Once read throughout; and thenna Second Time, One the County of to the Town of Ashby de la

by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- Zoueh, in the said County; without any Amendment: ppon, were agreed to by the House. And also.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Derm, ingrafted. confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon be- ot Lincoln

tween the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Lord Algernon Percy reported from the Committee, The Bleftitd Virgin , of Lincoln, and the Right ho- . Monson’s to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the nourable John Lord Monson, of certain Lands and He- Excn»r.»e. Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King reditaments in the County of Lincoln-, to which the George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And from Alemouth, through the Town of Alnwick, to Roth- also,

bury, and from thcuce to the Town of Hexham; and The Lords do desire, that this House will give Leave The Lords

also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road between to Philip Stephens, Esquire, a Member of this House, to desire

Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jocky's Dike Bridge, in the attend the House of Lords, in order to his being exa-

County of Northumberland; and for making more ef- mined upon an Enquiry into the Management of Greets feftual Provision /or the Repair of the said Roads, was wieh Hospital.

committed; That the Committee had examined the And then the Messengers withdrew.

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to bet ue; Mr. Stephens, being present, Hood up in his Place,

and

Leave for a Member to attend them.

Dean, &c. of Lincoln

and

Lord

Monson's

Exchange.

Altcar,

&<*.

Drainage.

Government of Ships and Forces by Sea.

Badby

Inclosure.

Bath

Hospital.

Account; Stamp Duties.

19 Geo. III. i° Mar. 191

and declared that he was willing, with the Leave of the House, to go 19 the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in the faitj Message.

Resolved, That Philip Step Esquire, a Member of thts House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in their said Message, if he thinks fit.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And tht.i the Messengers again withdrew.

An ingrossfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirfning and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of The Blessed Virgin Mary of and the

Right honourable John Lord Mottfon, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of , was read

the First Time.

Resolved, Xhat the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for draining, improving, and preserving, the Low Lands, in the Parishes of , Hawaii,

and Walton upon the Hilly in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Chqrles Bunbury, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossfed Bill to-explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into

One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the " Government of His Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and " Forces by Sea," was ifead the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of " Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of 41 His Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea."

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

granted by the Acts of the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, and of the Second and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, for augmenting the Salaries of the Judges of England and Wales, for Seven Years, ending the 5th Day of January 1779, distinguishing each Year; and also an Account of the total Amount of the Surplufes of those Duties, remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1779, after Payment of the several Allowances then due and payable out of the fame, by the Acts of the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty.

Xhe Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways find Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, for Three Years last past, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Gross Receipt, Payments, and Net Produce, of Customs in England, for Two Years, to 5th January 1779, and the Pay-merits into the Exchequer, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Panlh and Liberties of Badby, in the County of "Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be committed to Mr. Powys, Mr. Ktiightley, occ.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill more efTcftually to enable the President and Governors of the Hospital or Infirmary at Bath, established by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing and well-governing " an Hospital or Infirmary in the City of Bath," to take, or acquire and hold, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any interest in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and any Money or Personal Property to be laid out in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pursuant to any Will or otherwise, to the Amount limited in the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Moy-fey. Sir John Sebright, &c.: And they are to meet this-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce, at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, of the several Stamp Duties

Vol. 37.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon the 5th Day of February last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, upon the ingrafted BUI from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage had between the Right honourable Hugh Baron Percy, Lucy, Poynings, Filzpaine, Bryan, and Latimer, and the Right honourable Ann Baroness Percy, his Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesdcq Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Tuesday last, " That there be laid before this House, " an Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt " of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of Jamary 1779, for the;Disposition of Parliament, of the Surplufes, " Exceftcs, and Overplus Monies, and other Reve* " nues, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the fetid Order be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account

Way* and Means.

Percy’a

Divorce.

Committees,

Account; Money in the Exchequer.

- i^»

N

192

i° — 30 Martii. . 1779.

Account of the Income of Sinking , with the Cha'-ge thereupon, for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of January 1779.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolveed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till JVtdnefiday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Mer cur it,30 die Mar tii;

Anno 190 Georgii II1‘" Regis, 1779.

1:

PrAYBRS.

np H E House, according to Order, resolved itself Divorce. - *nto a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed. Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage had between the Right honourable Hugh Baron Percy, Lucy, , Fitzpayne,

and Latimer, and the Right honourable Ann Baroness Percy, his Wile; and to enable him to marry again} and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Freeman took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Freeman reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Supply Bill; Sir Grey. Cooper presented to the House, according Lottery, to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by &e. \Vay of Annuities; and for establ idling a Lottery: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the

Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and SheffieH, Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-full Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, inti- ,0i ‘ tuled, " An Act for repairing and widening the Roads " from Little SJieffield, in the County of York, through

" the Towns of Hathcrfage, Hope, and to " Sparrowpit Gate, in the County of Derby, and from " the Guide Poji, near Barber's Fields Cupola, through " Grindleford Bridge, Great Hue blew, Tidjiiell,

" IVall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the County of " Derby," is committed.

Mr. Fuller, from the Com mi (boners for executing Papers the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, reiP^in& presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to French Fleet. His Majesty,

N® t. Copy of a printed Paper, found in the Captain’s Apartments on board of the Pallas French Frigate, intituled, " Ordre de Mouillige de- 1’Armee du " Roi dans la Rade de Brejfl, en 1778 And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Paper, found in the C.ptun’s Apartments on board of the Pallas french Frig..te, intituled, " Rang des VaiffeauxAnd alto,

N° 3. Copy of a Paper accompanying N° 1. and N° 2. found on board the Pallas: And also,

13*4. Copy of a Paper, trail limit ted by Admiral pel in his Letter to Mr. Stephens of the 21 ft 1778, in Addition to N° 1. and N° 2. found on board the Fallas, intituled, " The Fleet in Brest "

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

Mr. Buller, also, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Book, intituled, " Copy of all the Proceedings " of the Court Martial held on the honourable Admiral Augustus Keppel, on a Charge'exhibited against him

" by Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Palli/er

And the Schedule of the said Papers, and the Title of the said Book, were read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That the said Papers might £)!tt0* be read.

And the same were read accordingly* and are as followeth} viz.

Goulet.

ip Geo. III.

3* MartiL

N*r.

j C O P Y of a printed Paper, found in the Captain’s Apartments on Board of the Pallas French Frigate, intituled, " Ordre de Mouillage de l’Armee du Roi, dans la Rade de Brejl, en 1773."

t-

L' Anphion. L’Orient.

Le Fier.

VAlexandre* Le Solitaire.

C

Le Conquera Le -Pendant. L’A cl if.

Le Palmier.

Le Glor

Le.

La Ville de Paris.

A

La Bretagne.

Le Due de Burg6gne.

Le Robujle.

Le Bien Aimt.

' B

La Courotssie.

Le Magnifi

L'lntrepide.

L E veil. e.

t

' ~Le$ Lignes A. B. font N. S.

Les Lignes A. C. font N. O. & S. E.

La Dutance entre chaque Ligre eft de 240 Brafles. La Distance entre chaque Vatfieau eft de 140 Brafles.

le St. Michael.

L' Artezein.

/: : V A

LeSt. Esprit.

t

0 S

Le Reflechi.

Le Sphinx.

Le Ro/land.

Le Dauphin Royal.

- U'.

B

A -rAnCl

N*

- «1

COPY of a

Paper, found in the Captain’s Apartments on Board of the Pallas French Frigate, intituled,

" Rang des Vaisseaux.":

1 La Britagne.

2 La Couronne.

3 Le St. Esprit.

4 La Ville de Paris.

e Le Due de Bourgogne.

6 Le Robujle. ’

7 L'Orient.

8 Le Glorieux.

9 Le Conquerant.

jo Le Fendant.

11 Le Magnifique.

12 Le Palmier.

13 L'lntrepide.

14 L' AElif.

15 Le Zodiaque. *

Le r.

16 Le Dauphin Royal

- 17 L'Antfien.

18 Le Bien Aimi,

19 Le Solitaire.

20 Le St. Michel.

21 L'Alexandre.

Le , V Ablionnaire, Vlndiesu

22 Le Reftbchi.

23 Le Rolland.

24 Le Sphinx.

VAmphiort.

2 5 V Eveille.

26 Le ritott.

27 Le F/er.

Voi.37. $D

N*3. COPY

*94

3° Mattil

A, 1779.

Motion respecting the fleet under Admiral Keppel.

N* 3.

COPY of a Paper, accompanying N* 1 and N* a, found on Board the Pallas 1

Three Ships of 74 Guns each.

Three Frigates,

One Fireship,

Are laid to have failed from Brejl the nth June, with a Convoy.

N. B. Admiral Keppel, in his Letter to Mr, Stephens, dated the aift June 1778, observes, " in regard to One of the Papers enclosed Yesterday, which mentions 3 Seventy-four Gun Ships, and " 3 Frigates, and a Fire Ship, having failed the 12th Instant from Brejl,' that the Man who gave it, now contradicts that Particular.

N* 4.

COPY of a Paper, transmitted by Admiral Keppel in his Letter to Mr. Stephens of the aift June 1778, in Addition to N* 1 and 1, found on Board the , intituled, " The Fleet in Brejl."

The Fleet in Brejl, commanded by

Le Admiral De Chafaut.

Duke De Gras.

- - Duke De Chartres.

Three Deckers, of 106 and 112 Guns, and 1,300 Men,

5 Ships of 80 Guns.

19 or 20 D* of 64 and 74 Guns.

12 D* Frigates.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Votes of the House, of the 23d Day of February last, of the Address of this House to His Majesty, That He would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies, or Extracts, of such Papers, found on Board the French Frigates Pallas and Licorne, as relate to the Equipment, Num-

ber, and Force of the French Fleet then at Brejl, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Member having proposed to examine Admiral Keppel (a Member) in his Place, with respect to the State of the English and French Fleets in June last; and

it being also proposed, that the Questions, and his Answers thereto, should be taken down at the Table as Evidence;

And the same being objected to, in point of Order;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the Questions proposed to, and Answers made by. Admiral Keppel, be taken down at the Table as Evidence.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the Word " That," the Words, no Enquiry having been instituted by the House;"

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 21st Day of October 1667, of the Proceedings of the House, on entering into Debate of the Matter of Miscarriages in the late War, might be read._

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 17 th Day of October 1667, of the Appointment of a Committee to enquire into the Miscarriage of Affairs in the late War, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the Words, " no " Enquiry having been instituted by the House," be inserted in the said proposed Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdlcts for (ho Yeas, \ MrpljIoS-

Ttllors for tho Noes, ‘jj . J*«9-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put. That no Enquiry having been instituted by the House, the Questions proposed to, and Answers made by. Admiral Keppel, be taken down at the Tabic as Evidence;

It passed in the Negative.

And Admiral Keppel having, in his Place, given Information to the House, of several Circumstances respecting the State of the English and French Fleets in June last;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it appears to this House, that the fending Admiral Keppel, in the Month of June last, to a Station off the Coast of France, with a Squadron of Twenty Ships

of

i9 Geo. lit; 3* — 4° MdrUL 195

of (he Line, and Four Frigates, at a Time when a French Fleet, consisting, as there is great Reason to believe, of Thifty-two Ships of the Line, and certainly of Twenty-seven, with a great Number of Frigates, was at Brejl, and ready to put to Sea, was a Measure greatly hazarding the Safety of these Kingdoms, without any Prospect of an adequate Advantage j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Te,tefotlheYtas,}M^^.|

tales for he Noes, { }

So it passed in the Negative.

170.

204.

Villingham An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Ifldoiiire. open Fields, Meadows, Furze, Leys, Stinted Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of (VII-lingham, in the County of , was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Furze, Leys, Stinted Common Paf-tures, and Waste Grounds, ill the Parish of in the County of Lintoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brbwnlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defxre their Concurrence.

Homcaftlf, A Petition of the principal Traders, Inhabitants, and Occupiers of Lands, within the Wapentake of Small Debts. j.j,c Parts of Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition is presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery Of Small Debts, within the Soake of and Wapentakes

of Gartree, Louth, Efke, Ludborough, and

in the said Parts of Lindsey; and that it would be for the Benefit of the Petitioners to have the said Wapentake of Wraggoe included in such Bill: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to include the said Wapentake of Wraggoe in the same Bill, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Traders, Inhabitants, and Occupiers of Lands, within the Soake of and Wapentakes

of Gartree, Louth, EJke, Ludborough, and Calceworth, b the Parts of Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln, is

referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; ^nd report the fame, as it 111 all appear to them, to the Hoiiie.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, to - Wi*»» ' whom the Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and ariiending, the Hoads from Wigan to in the County Palatine of and for repealing (even'd

Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, and in the Fourth and Twenty-third . Year* of his late Majesty, relating to the said Hoads, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with riie Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after One of the Clock on Morning,

adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

jfovisy 4* die M;

Anno 19* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War presented to tb)e House, by Kftimates; His Majesty’s Command, NonbBnum

Estimate of the Charge of a Regiment of Fencible Fen"jlc*’-Men, to be forthwith raised in North Britain, for the Highland Year 1779: And also, Road*

Estimate of the Expence of the new Roads of Com- ?nd munication, and building the Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of Lieutenant General Sir James Adolphus Ought on, for the Year 1779.

And the Titles of the said Eftiraates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of a Regiment of Fencible Men, to be forthwith raised in North Britain,

for the Year 1779.

Number* Pay for 320 Days.

A Regiment of Fencible Men, commanded by Colonel William Wemyfi, from 8th February 1779 to 24th December following, both Days indufive Allowance for 1,08 a Men, at £. r. ix. per Man 1,169 £. x. d. 18,448 1,136 a —

Total 1,169 19,584 2 —

War-Office, 3 March 1779.

C. Jtnkinson.

Vol. 37.

196

Mariii.

j. 1779.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and building the Bridges,'in (he Highlands of North Britain, pursulnt to the Orders of Lieutenant General Sir James ior the

Year 1779.

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort Augustus, towards Bernera and the I tie of Sky; confuting of Two Subaltern Officers at T, Jh. per Die each, Two Serjeants at i each, Two Corporals at 8 d.each. Two Drummers and Fifty Private Men at each, for 9a D.-.ys - - - - -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Iron, Lime, and incident Expences -

To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling, by , in Lennox, to Dunbarton; con-filling of 2 Subalterns, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 50 Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Iron,; Lime, and incident Expences - , -

To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling, by Crees and Lay Bridge, to Dalna car dock; confiding of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 28 Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92. Days each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, (Be, - -

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort William, over the Black Mountain, to Stirling, from Lyndrom to Inverary, and from Dahnalie to confiding of 1 Subaltern, 2

Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 50 Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days each - - - - *»- -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, iAc, - .

To a Party to work on the Road from Inverness, by Pitmean, to; confuting of

1 Subaltern, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 50 Private Men, at the aforeihid

Rates, for $2 Days each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, tBc. - -

To a Party to work on the Road from Canton to Pollow, in; confining of 2 Serjeants,

2 Corporals, and 25 Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, ior 92 Days each - -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, £5 ic.- - -

To a Party to "work on the Line of Road from Fort George, through , to Corgarjf

Barracks, Braemar Castle, and to Blairgowrie and Cupar in Angus; confiding of 7. Subalterns,

2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 50 Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days each - -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, -

To; a Party to work from Dunbarton, up Lochlomondfide, to Larbet, and to , and th ough

' Glenfallach and Glenfruen, to the Junction of the Road with the Black Mount Road; con-

siding of 1 Subaltern, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 30 Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days each - . . - -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, -

To a Party to work on the Road leading over Cd to; confiding of 2 SeF-jeants, 2 Corporals, and 28 Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Pays each --Extra Changes of Artificers, Carts, -

To a-Party to work on the Road from Fochober's, oa Spy side, to Strathbogie; confiding of 2 Serjeants, a Corporals, and 24 Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days each -Extra Charges of Artificers,! Carts, iAc. - - , - - - - r - -

To a Party to work on the Road from Dunkeld, by Blair in , to; confiding

of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 24 Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 9 c D-ys each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, iBc. .

To "the New Road from Port Patrick to the River of Sark, and to the Harbour at Port Patrick - ‘ -

To Ensign M Korkle, William Taylor, Alexander Mc Leod, and Donald Overseers -

To the Bridge over the Water of Doveran, confiding of 7 Arches - -

To rebuild Four Bridges upon the Line of lioad between Amelrie and Dalnacardoch, carried away by a Flood in June lad -

To build Four Bridges upon the Line of Road from Dunkeld to Dalnacardoch -To build Two Bridges on the Road1 from Stirling to D unoar ton 1 -

To build Two Bridges, and repair differeot Bridges, up<6i> ,thei Line of Road from Inverness to Dalwhinny - - - - J ‘ - -

To build l’hree Bridges, and repair different Bridges, "upon* the Line of Road from Fort George to Cupar in Angus -

To"repair Bridges froth Dahvhhmy, over Cor'riarick, to Fort Augustus -To repair the Bridge of Enlrlck, much damaged by the Rood in November lid To repair Lay Bridge, and different Bridges, upon the Line of Road from Stirling to To repair Bridges from Inver ary to Tyndrom- - -

To repair Bridges from Fort William, by Fort Augustus, to near Inverness To repair High Bridge, much damaged by the Flood in November ialt -To rebuild Three Bridges in G'enfullacfi, carried entirely away by the Flood in November lad -To repair ihe Shoeing and Piling of the Badge over the Water of Array, much damaged by the Flood in Novemb r la t ---- ..

To repair the Wooden B idge over the Water of 71 by Fort Augustus -

To repair the Piling and Shoeing at Dunbarton Bridge -

War-Office, Total - -

3 March 1779.

C. j eukinjon.

£ s. d.

162 I 0 s

120 10 —

162 10 8

117 — —

79 8

5* lb

146 8 S

122 5

146 8 8

,23 10 —

74 16 8

- 43 l5 3

162 10 S

121 *4 6

100 8 8

Sr *5 9

79 *4 8

5-6- 16

70 10 3

49 16 "

70 10 8

}5 3

2,000 — —

100 — —

600 — —

250 *5 —

289 10 6

170 1 r 4

160 5 —

172 16 8

59 >4 10

I25 — — .

108 13 —

42 10 —

99 *5 —

120 iz — .

1S9 14 —

68 14 — *

45 is —

I8$ 10 6 -f —

6,995 *3 11

Ordered,

Afltwith

and

Snowden

Moon.

Market

Earborough

Road.

Kibworth

Beauchamp

Inciosure.

Spann

Sir.itby

Sec

Roadi.

io Geo. III. 40 M&ftii. io?

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for diriding, inclosing, and improving* certain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of AJkwith, in the Parish of in

the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of AJkwith, in the Parish of Wejion, in the County of York-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir John Goodricke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Palmer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City of Coventry, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards ef livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Palmer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, lying and being within the Manors, Lordships, or Liberties, of Beauchamp, Kibworth Harcourt, and Smeeton , in

the Parish of Kibworth Beauchamp, in the Coupty of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second Time

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed by an Act: of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Roads from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Ellon,

" through the Town of Middlewich, and by Spittle " Hilt, in Stanthorn, to Win Bridge, and from

'* Spittle Hill to the Town of in the County

u Palatine of Chester," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Nayler being examined, said, That the Tolls and Duties collected by virtue of the said Act have been duly applied in the Repair of the said Roads; but that there remains due of the Money taken up on the Credit of the said Act, the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, which cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads Voi. 37-

kept in Repair for the future, unieis the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued, and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Elton, through the Town of Middlewich, and by

tle Hill, in Stanthorn, to IVini ford Bridge-, and from Spittle Hill to the Town of in the County

Palatine of Chester: And that Mr. Crewe and Sir Thomas Eger ton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Cranage, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crewe, Sir Herbert Mackworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage had between the Right honourable Hugh Baron Percy, Lucy, Filzpayne,

Bryan, and Latimer, and the Right honourable Ann Baroness Percy, his Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein ^nentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Freeman do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable John Raand others therein described, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Fleming, pursuant to the Will of Fletcher Fleming, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, or Piece of Waste Ground, within the Township of Fenwick, in the Parish of Campfal, in the West Riding of the County of York-. And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for extinguishing the Cattle Gates or Leas upon certain Stinted Pastures, within the Parish of Wcfl Slower, in the County of Dorset, and for allotting certain Lands in Exchange for the Glebe Lands, and for the said Cattle Gates or Leas belonging to the Impropriator of the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for extinguishing the Cattle Gates or Leas upon certain Stinted Pastures, within the Parish of West Slower, in the County of Dorset, and for allotting Lands in Exchange for Part of the Glebe Lands, and for the said Cattle Gates or Leas belonging to the Impropriator of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Mortimer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the 3 E Top

Cranapo

inclosure.

Percy's1*

Divorce*

Raincock*!

Name.

Fenwick

Indulure*

West S tower Tythe

White Sheet Hil),

& c. Road.

Wrextmm Road; Ruthin Diilriifl.

4* Fuartii. A.

Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of

Saint Antiretv, in the County of and several

other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties ot Dorset, Somerset, and Wilts, was read ,the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Ijril do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Pari 111 of Saint An-

drew, in the County of Wilts, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of and Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Mortimer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Watkin Williams Wynn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Baronet, on Eehalf of himself and other Truf-toes for executing so much of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the vSecond, for widening and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, as relates to the Roads leading from the Town of Mold to Non hop, Holly well, and Rhuddish the County of Flint, and from thence to the Ferry Hcuje, opposite the Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon, and from Ruthin to the said Town of Mold, was referred; Tha> the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with'; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Ac't was read; whereby it appeared, that the Term thereof will expire at the End of this present Section.

And it also appeared, by a Letter produced to your Committee from Edward Edwards, Clerk to the Dif-trieft of Road from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the d own of , in the County of Flint, that the Trustees were milled in their Opinion about the Continuance of the Ad, but now find themselves under a Mistake, through which they neglected to give the Notices required by the said Standing Orders. Then,

A Member produced to your Committee a Letter, by which it appeared, that the Sum of £. 1,400 is now due and owing upon the Credit of the said Act, with respect to the said District of Road from Ruthin to Mold. And,

Mr. John Hutchinsonbeing examined, said. That unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as relate to the said District of Road, are continued and enlarged, the said Road cannot be properly widened and kept in Repair, nor the Money due and owing as aforesaid repaid.

A Member present confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Hutchinson.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That in Consideration of the particular Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the ensuing Ealler Quarter Simons of the Peace to be held for the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, and by Advert dements in the public Newspapers, published within the same Counties, in the present Month ot March and in the Month of April next, or One of the pi, of the Application to Parliament for a Continuance of the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as the same relates to the District of Road from the Town of in

the County of Denbigh,-to the Town the County of Flint, in such and the like Manner as -are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th ot April 1774, of Applications intended to be, made.relative to Turnpike Bills.

Sir John Wrottfley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclufing certain Com- ^nc^olure* mens and AVafte lands, within the Manor and Parish of Broom, in the County of Stafford, was committed;

Tint the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satistadion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bounty Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty on

King George the ’Second, intituled, "An Act for L"ie6S*

" granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British " and IriJ/i Linens exported, and taking oft’ the Duties " on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns " made of Flax," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,44 An Act for continuing the Bounties on " Britishand Irish Linens exjiorted; for further dif

" continuing the Duties on the Importation of Foreign " Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and for granting " a Bounty on the Exportation of British Checqucd " and Striped Linens, and upon British and hish Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen,

" of above a certain Breadth," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Adds.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and

Mr. Anguish.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Co'clhi'.l for dividing and incloting the Open and Common IncUaure. Fields, Meadows, Heath, or Waft; Land, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Cclcjhill, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Eiii^n for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common and Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Bint on, and in the Hamlet of Drayton, in the Parish of OldStretford, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to t he Bill, intituled, An Act Gloucester for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from a certain Bridge, over a brook or Stream, called RG:ds

brook, near the City of Gkmcester, to the Nine Mile 3? t. r -1 the Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called 9miie 1*-one* The Clay Pits, in the county of ; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act AWinpton for dividing, allotting, and incloting, the Open Common impure.

Fields,

ip Geo. Ill 4 0 Martii. 199

Fields, Common Pafiures, Downs, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet, Yill, or Tything, of Ablingl on, in the Parish of Hi bury, in the County of Gfaitcetler \ without any Amendment: And also,

T!:tLords The Lords do del:re, that this House will give

Leave to Sir William Jam Baronet, a Member of this

r House, to attend the House of Lords, in order to his

Ji !iUCI . 9 t

10 give being examined upon an Enquiry into the Management Evince, of Greenwich Hospital

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir William James, being present, flood up in his Place, and declared, that he was willing, with the Leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as isdelired by their Lordships in the said Message.

Resolved, That Sir William James, Baronet, a Member of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in their laid Message, if he thinks fit. And the Messengers were again called in: and Mr.

o o *

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Cropthom A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Indolure. ^Gn fields, and all other Commonable Land, within and belonging to the Township of Cropthom, in the Parish of Cropthom, and County of was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Combe, Mr. Lyra:, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

I at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Fmife’i An ingrossed Bill to enable William House the Younger, ^ames* and others therein ddm bed, to take and use 1 he Surname and Arms of Newell, pursuant to the Will of Wii'am Newell deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable William the Younger, and others therein described, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Newell, pursuant to the Will of William Newell, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Page do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

illegal Practice of smuggUng Tea Is arrived to so great an Height, and the Increase of Smugglers in all Parts of the Kingdom has been ib rapid lor thel'e Ten Years pad, as to become not only very injurious to the Revenue, but exceedingly detrimental to the fair Trader; and that the Places, from whence the Smugglers chiefly draw their Supplies, are Dunkirk, Giier*ifey,

Jersey, and Gottenburgh, and from the private Adven-

tures which the Captains and Crews of the Company’s Ships dispose of at different Places in the English Channel, and also in the River Thames, before they can be cleared at the Custom House; and that from Dunkirk and Fluffing the y smuggie Teas into the South and Ea(l Counties, from Guernsey and Jersey into the Wellern Counties, and from Gottenburgh into Scotland, and the Northern Counties; and that the Cutters and Vessels employed in this illicit Trade are fall Sailers, carrying from Fifteen to Thirty Guns each, and frequently import Ten to Fifteen Tons of Tea; enclusive of other uncustomed Goods, the Mailers whereof have regular Attendants on Shore to receive the Cargoes, who make Signals in the Night to inform the Crew when the Coall is clear; and that the Cargoes being landed, are paid for in Specie, or bartered for Wool, which they carry to our natural Enemies, to the great Detriment of our Manufactories; and that the Smugglers on Shore form themselves into large Bodies, from Thirty to Eighty Men, well mounted and armed, their Horses carrying from One hundred and Fifty to Two hundred Pounds cf Tea each, anil daringly ride through the Towns in Defiance of the King’s Officers, and the Dragoons who are lent to afilfl them, some of whom have lost their Lives in fruitless Attempts to flop their Progress; and, having secured their Goods, from a Correspondence which they have established, not only in the said Cities but throughout the Kingdom (where they have unentered Houses in which they lodge these Goods) the same are di(poled of to Duffers or Hawkers, whole Business it is to make up the Tea in Parcels, which they carry and fell to private Families, at the following Prices;

Halation Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for of the better Regulation of Prisons, and Houses of Cor-Prisons, &c. redbion, within the Kingdom of England and Dominion of Wales: And that Sir Herbert Hackworth Sir Charles Banbury, and Mr. Turner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply Bill; A Bill for raising a'certain Sum of Money by Way lottery, fcc. of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Duchvnf A Bill to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Lncaster Duchy of Lancaf.cr to sell and dispose ot certain Fee Liste*. piUT1 ]Jents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements, within the Survey of the said Duchy, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the - Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 12th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

TcV.'jon A Petition of the Dealers in Tea residing in the Cuivs of London and Wand Borough of South-» work, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre-

fcnted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the

Y;.l 37.

VIZ. s.

Bohea Tea 2 Green Ditto 3 Hyfon Ditto 5 Congou Ditto 3 SouchongDitt0 3 Roasted Coffee 1 P.aw Ditto o Chocolate 1

d. s. to l

to 5 to 9

to 4 5

to 2 to I to I

o

6

6

4

6

3

9

2

Sold by the fair Trader,

and that the great Difference between the above Prices, is so tempting, that many Families are induced to buy of the Smugglers their whole Consumption, especially, as Servants frequently make a Practice of procuring and secreting linuggled Teas, for the Supply, not only of their own, but other Families, within the Circle of their Acquaintance; and that, amengft various other Inventions devised to evade the Laws in force against these Offences, the following is frequently practised, and least liable to Detection; that of entered Traders felling a larger Quantity of Tea in one Day than they enter into their small Excise Book; for Instance, if they retail 50 and make an Entry of only 10 lb they are enable to take in 40 of smuggled Tea, or, as in many Instances, fell their Permit for the 40 lb.of Tea at the Rate of 18 d. per Pound; so that, when the Officer comes to take the Account, he finds the Stock right, and the Book correct; and that a very extraordinary Species of Smuggling has been lately carried on, to an amazing Extent, by the Prisoners in the King's Bench and FleetIhi Ions, who have a continual Supply of smuggled Teas clandestinely conveyed to them, and in Defiance of the Law, keep open Shops in the Prisons for the Sale of those Articles, which they retail out to Families, and employ Men and Women to duff and hawk in and about the Metropolis;

200

4 — 8° Martii.

A.

*779'

Petition* Hs; and that another Grievance, which calls aloud for eomplaming Redrgfs, is, the Commissioners of Customs and Ex-Smuggling cife, a°d Justices of the Peace, mitigating the Fines from perhaps £. ioo to £. 5 Sterling, when Tea Dealers have been detected by the Excile Officers, and convitfted on the clearest Evidence; and that the Petitioners have Reason to believe, that the Cutters and Vessels employed in this illicit Trade, after being seized, are restored to the Matters by the Officers of the Revenue Cutters, and immediately return to the same Service, going back to , or some other

Foreign Sea Port, in order to procure more contraband Goods, to import to this Country; and, in case they are intercepted by any of the Custom House Cutters, produce a Clearance from such Sea Port, by which Means they obtain their Discharge; and that the Petitioners have also Reason to believe, that the Custom House Cutters go alongside the smuggling Vessels and take only Part of their Cargo, and afterwards set them at Liberty, by which Means they give the Vessels an Opportunity of getting off with the Remainder of the Cargo, which they land at some small Distance, and set Sail for more; and that these Practices are carried on to such a Degree, that they are not only highly detrimental to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, and the East India Company in particular, but also occasion a Lois to the Revenue of no less than £.600,000 per Annum; and that the Revenue also suffers great Lois by the injurious Practice of entered Dealers buying low Teas at the different Sea Port Custom House Sales, which they vend by Duffer tsV. at a triffing Loss wthout Permit; and, by virtue of tire Permit they receive from the Customs, bring , into their Stock fine Teas, which they fell at a considerable Profit into the inland Parts of the Kingdom; and that there are many Thousands of Sailors employed in Smuggling, few of whom ever serve on Board the Royal Navy, for, if they happen to be impelled, they generally find Friends sufficient to obtain their Discharge; but, if that Trade was flopped, they would in all Probability become Fishers, whereby our Sea Coasts would be greatly enriched, and our Ports be able to furnifti both Ships and Men in case of Necessity; and that there are many Thousands of Silk Weavers and Lace Manufacturers out of Employ, owing in a great Measure to the Smuggling of Silks, Callicoes, and'Laces, from France: And therefore praying the House will take the Affair into Consideration, and, effectually to stop the increasing Evil, pass a Law, with such Resolutions as to them thall teem meet, to detest Smugglers, and inllict such Punishments and Penalties as will for ever prevent their being guilty of the like Practices, so injurious and detrimental to the Commerce and Revenue of this Kingdom.

Ditto. A Petition of the Dealers in leas and Spirits residing in the City of , and Town* of Lynn,

Swaffham, Dereham, Ay/fhaand other adjacent Places, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Dealers in Teas and Spirits redding in the Towns of , Faken-

ham, Walsingham, Wells, and other adjacent Towns and Villages, in the County of , whose Names

are thereunto subscribed: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Dealers in Teas and Spirits redding in the Towns of Sherborne and and

other adjacent Towns and Villages, in the County of Dorset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And

also,

Ditto. A Petition of the several Dealers in Teas and Spirits,

' and others, the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Farmers,

re‘'..ling in the several Towns and Places in the Ifie of Wight, in the County of , whose Names

are thereunto subscribed: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Dealers in Tea and Spirits redding in the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne: And also.

A Petition of the Corporation, Merchants, and others, redding in the Town of Poole, in whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

likewise complaining of the illicit Practice of Smuggling; and praying Relief in the Pre-mi fes.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Petition of levefal D»n<lin;< principal Landholders, Merchants, and Traders in Corn, in the Isle of Wight, which was presented to the 1

House upon the 2d Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consulcration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- ,

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Way* Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- an<* mittee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Supply* Monday last, for the House to resolve itielfinto a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-, ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of WaV» the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider ,n<* ®'leanfc further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received upon Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luncey 8* die Martii y

Anno 19* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

Committee*,

Altcar,

&c.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Biii for draining, improving, and _ . preserving, the Low Lands, in the Parishes of Altcar, rau,a£c Sefton, Half all, and Walton upon the Hill, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is committed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Herberbury Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Mea- Inc, ofure» dows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Waste Land, within the Parish of Herbtrbury, otherwise Har-bury, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas

Huttoft

Ifldulurf.

Dean, Ire. o t Lincoln and Lord Wonfon's Exiharge.

Irtherhead,

kc.

Road*

Elton

Inciolurc*

Petiiiom

complaining

of

Smuggling.

LudUwfach, 4 c. iUd.

19 Geo. III. 8* Martii., 20 f

5 kipwith, Mr. Bacon, See.: And they are to tnect this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain Open Fields, Ings, Meadows, and Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Huttoft, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved ', 1'hat the Bill be committed to Mr. Pelham, Lord Brownlow Bertie, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill front the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange, agreed upon between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of The BleJJ'ed Virgin Mary of Lincoln, and the Bight honourable John Lord Monson, of certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mr.

Watson, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Crock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty* first Year of the Reign of his late Map-fly, for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn, at Leatherhead, to The May Pole at the upper 1 nd of Spiral or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoke, mar the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second

Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Norton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Newhaven presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Elton, in the County of Huntingdon:And the same was received}

and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Dealers in Tea and Spirits, residing in the Town of Reading, in the G unty of Berks, whole Names are thereunto subscribed: And al(b,

A Petition of the Dealers in Teas and Spirits, residing in the Towns of Hertford, Ware, Stanford, Hit chin,

Hatfield, and other adjacent Towns and Villages, in the County of Hertford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Dealers in Teas and Spirits, residing in Ipswich, Woodbridge, Saxmundhani,

and Bungay, including fimdry other adjacent Towns and Villages, in the County of Suffolk, whole Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Dealers im Teas and Spirituous Liquors, residing in the Towns of , Wakefield*

Halifax, Bradford, and Huddersfield, in the County York:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the illicit Practice of Smuggling; and praying Relief in the Premises.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Adanu reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Ludlozfiach, in the County of Carmarthen, to the Town of Llandovery, and from thence, through the Town of L/angadock, to the River Amman, and several other Roads in the said County communicating the rewith, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, Vol. 37.

and found the farne to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feverat Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then A Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas White, Retford, in the County of Nottingham, Esquire, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, O whers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and entitled in Right thereof to Allotments of certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of ,in

the County Palaiine of Durham, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol!oweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of in the County

Palatine of Durham, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Commissioners appointed by the said Act are directed to set out and allot a Quantity, not exceeding Five hundred nor leis than Three hundred Acres, of the said Moors or Commons, to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Durham; and that the Money arising by the Rents and Profits thereof, are to be applied in making Satisfaction to Persons who should thereafter sustain any Damage by or on Account of searching for, winning, or working, any Mines or Quarries within their Allotments, by the Lord of the said Manor; and that, if, after satisfying all such Damages as aforesaid, there should be any Overplus, the same is directed to be laid out in repairing the Highways, Causeways, and other Ways, which should be made over the said Moors or Commons. And the said Commissioners are also directed to cauie the said Allotment to be inclosed with fufilicient Outfences, and to be subdivided into Fields or Closes by Quickset or other Hedges or Fences, or Walls, and to crest a convenient Farm House, with a Barn, Byer, Stable, Stack Yard, and Fold Yard, and other necessary Buildings or Conveniences, upon such Part oi the said Allotment as they should think fit.

Then Mr. Thomas Rippon being examined, informed your Committee, That the Commissioners have set out a Plot of Ground, containing Three hundred Acres# to His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Durham, for the Purposes aforesaid, and have caused the same to be in Part ring-fenced, and certain Buildings to be erected thereon; but the same is not completed lb as to be fit to let to a Tenant; and that the compleiing the Ring-fence, and erecting the said Buildings, agreeable to the Directions of the Act, will be very expen live.

That he apprehends the Out-fence will cost, over and above what is.heady expended thereon, the Sum of One hundred and Forty-two Pounds, or thereabouts; and that proper Buildings, and other Conveniences, will cost about Forty Pounds more, exclusive of the Subdivision Fences necessary to be made, which he apprehends will cost about Two hundred and Forty Pounds. And he added. That the Commissioners have not yet executed their General Award.

3 F And

Lancheftef

Moors

Agreement

Inriofure*

Lanchester

Moors

Agreement for

Inclosure*

Ditto.

202 8° Mar 1779.

And being asked, Whether* if the Land let out as aforesaid was properly fenced, and the Buildings and Conveniences completed, it might not be let to a Tenant at a Rent sufficient to answer the Expence of finishing the Fences, and erecting the necessary Buildings? he laid, He thought not} lor that near One Hall is an ordinary Sand, and not fit for the Purpose of Husbandry. And being asked, If he was a competent Judge of the Nature and Value of that Land? he said. He was; and that he had been brought up in the Farming Bufinel's in that Neighbourhood, where he now lives, and rents a Farm.

That about One hundred and Forty Acres of the Land is not fit to grow Corn, as it is a loofie Sand, and being situated on the North Side of a Hill, the Corn would not ripen if sown; that the rest of the Land might be made fit to grow Corn, but it would be attended with a great Expence, as some of it is very poor Land.

Being asked, What Quantity of Lime would be ne-cdTary to lay upon an Acre of this Land, in order to make it fa for Corn? he laid. It is customary in that Part of the Country to ule 1 hree Loads of Lime to an Acre; and that Lime there colls about Half a Guinea a Load.

Then the Witness produced an Agreement, which was made and executed by several of the Proprietors of Allotments of the said Moors and Commons, and by the Petitioner, Thomas White, at the Meeting hoklen at Lanchester, on the First Day of December last, in Consequence of Advertisements pubiitlied in Three Newcastle Newspapers, dated the Day of

whereby it is agreed, that the Premises should be vested in the said Thomas White and his Heirs, subject to a perpetual Rent of Thirty Pounds, payable to such Person as the Justices should appoint, and free from all Taxes and Deductions} and that Mr. White was to be at the foie Expence of soliciting and obtaining an Act of Parliament for establishing the said Agreement, and that the Proprietors were to be at no further Expence relating to the Premises.

And upon being asked the Question, the Witness said, That he thought Thirty Pounds was the full Value of the Land in its present State.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto l'ubinibed, being entitled to Allotments of certain Moors or Commons, within the Parish and Manor of Lattckejier, in the County Palatine of ham, by virtue of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the said Moors or Commons, was pre-i’ented to the i foutc, and read} Setting forth, That the Petitioners find Application hath been made to the House, to confirm an Agreement entered into between Thomas White, of Retford, in the County of Notting-

ham, Esquire, and several of the Proprietors of the said Moors or Commons, for the Sale of a certain Plot or Parcel of Ground, Part of the same Moors or Commons, together with the Edifices and Buildings thereon, at a perpetual Yearly Rent Charge of ^.30, and upon certain Conditions; and that the Petitioners apprehend sufficient Notice was not given of the Meeting hoklen for the Sale of the said Plot or Parcel of Ground, Edifices and Buildings, and that the same have not been fold for the full Value thereof; and that if the said Premises were again put up to Sale, and proper Notice given thereof, the same would be sold for a much greater Yearly Rent than £.30, so agreed to be given for the Purchase thereof by the said Thomas White, as aforesaid; and that the said 7 Wh he is contenting, that the Premises, so purclvafed by him as aforesaid, should be again put up to Sale, upon certain Conditions, and that i'uch public Notice Ihculd

be given of the Time and Place to be appointed for that Purpose as shall be thought proper: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief therein as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conlidention of the Committee, to whom the said Report is re-committed: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Crezve prefen ted to the House, according to Or^ der, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fixfh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smith, in the Towri-ship of Elton, through the Town of Midd/ewich, and by Spittle Hil!, in Stanthorru, to lEin ford Bridge; and from Spittle Hill to the Town of Nort/;u'ich9 in the County Palatine of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Badland, in the County of Glon~ ccfier: And the lame, was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

General Honexwcod reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Tr;litres appointed to put in execution an Act cl Padiament, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and <c widening the Roads horn the East End of Brough {i under Stainmoor, in the County of IVtjhucreland, by u the End of Appleby Bridge, to Ec.mort Bridge, in the said County," and several ether Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and lound that the Standing Orders of the House,.of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had exuniued the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s T-.ble: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz*

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Heelis being examined, said, That tlieie hath been a considerable Progreis made in amending the said Roads; in the doing of which, the Tods granted by the said Act, together with the Sum of/ft 1,943, borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly expended; that the Powers of the said Act have in several Instances been found defective, and that unless the same be amended, and the Term enlarged, the Money owing canpot be paid off, nor the iioaJs be effectually repaired.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads tri in the East hr. 1 of Brough under Stainmoor, in the County of WefmoreUv.id, by the End. of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge, in the iaid County: And that General Honyzvood and Mr. FLtcher do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

General Horrtzvood presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Open Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordtliip of Bolton, in the Parish

Smithy,

8cc*

Road*

Buckfond

inclosure.

Brough

under

Stainmoor,

&c.

Roads*

Bolton

Inclosure#

19 Ge&. III.

8° Martit.

203

CoJo'd

and

Peiiied

Poor.

of Morland, in the County of West Moreland: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Claries Banbury reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Km-ploy mm t of the Poor of the ilvcral Pari flics within

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen

the Hundred of Ccs/ord, except the Parish of Hadleigh, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to

and also of the Pa: ilh of within the Hundred of Bubergh, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fiv-.ral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time. One by One; and, upon the Qecftion feveraiiyput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

late

poH<ion

Incluiure.

Ordered, That Mr. Coke of Derby do carry to the Lords the ingossed Bill for. continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in Tut bury, Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according in the said County, and desire the Concurrence of their to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Lordships thereto, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, and Waste Land, of and within Sir James Lowlherpxtfcnttd to the House, according the Manor, Lord ft) ip, or Liberties, of Little Bowden, to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, in the County of Northampton: And the same was re- or Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or ceived; and read the First Time. Lordiliip of in the Parish of Morland, in the

Srsnton Under Hanlon Inclosure.

Market

Hat borough Roads,

PuTett

Iiidotjit.

Monty

laid i>y tnl' ance Office for Dominica.

County of And the same was received }

and mad the Fisft Time.

That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. prafented to the House, according to Order, a bill h r dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Woodend, in the Parish of Blakeftey, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First; Time.

Resolved, That the Eill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Winchcombe Hartley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more e tie (final, the several Laws now in being relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the Lid Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating Madhouses," for a further Time therein limited; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve dividing, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open F ftds, within the Parish of Cob ham, in the County of Surrey, Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, pursuant to without any Amendment: And also,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Stanton Barden, in the Parish of Thornton, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

gerford, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet tin's Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Market in the County of Leicester, through the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City of Coventry, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year cl the licign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City of Coventry.

Ordered, That Sir John Rain do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunger ford do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for

Militia

Laws.

explain, amend, and render more eif.final, the several Laws now in being relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for Lieutenants and Ensigns upon Halt Pay in the Corps of Fencible Men; and also, for Serjeants who are admitted on the Establishment of at an Allowance of Twelve Pence per Day in the same Corps.

allotting.

and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Aven Dafjett, in the County of Warwick, was committed.

their Order,

'Fhe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

An Account of Money paid by the Office of Ord- for continuing the Term, and abering and enlarging the nance, to answer Bills of Exchange from Dominica, pre- Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second 1 ear

fented since the Account delivered pursuant to an Order of his Jatc Majesty, for repairing and widening the of the honourable House of Commorfs. Road from to in the West Riding

Vol. 37. <*'

Ashby

de-la

Zouch

to

Tutbury

Road.

Morland

inclosure.

Woodend

Inclosure.

Militia

Laws*

Regulating

Madhouses.

Mariners

and

Seamen.

Cobham

jncioiure.

Dewsbury

to

Ealand

Road.

Chesterfield*

kc.

Road.

204 8 ' Martiu

of the County of fork; without any Amendment t And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield " to the Turnpike Road at Hernstone Lane j and " also the Road branching from the said Road, upon " the East Moor, through Bajloxo and Wardlow, to the " joining of the said Roads again near Mires;

" and also the Road leading between the said Road " and Branch, from Galvcr Bridge to Bajlozv;

" and also the Road from the Turnpike Road near " New, havenHouse to the Turnpike Road near -

ford Bridge, in the County of Derby," without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. HugJifon, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in;

and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Income of the Sinking Fund, with the Charge thereupon for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of January 17 79; An(l also*

An Account of the Net Produce, at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, of the several Stamp Duties, granted by the Acts of the 3 2d Year of King George the Second, and of the 2d and 5th Years of His present Majesty, for augmenting the Salaries of the Judges of England and Wales, for Seven Years, ending the 5th Day of January 1779, distinguishing each Year; and also, an Account of the total Amount of the Surpluies of those Duties remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1779, alter Payment of the several Allowances then due, and payable out of the fame, by the Acts of the 32d Year of King George the Second, and the 12th Year of His present Majesty.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts wete read.

The laid Accounts are as followeth; via.

Accounts*

Sinking Fund.

Stamp

Duties.

>> >- i' i

O

To (he Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Eurgefles in Parliament assembled.

D

cq"

n‘

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

c§

ft

to

o

Income of fte Sinking Fund, Tor the Quarter ended the 5th Day of January 1779.

Surplus of the AggrroRtc Fund

GeneralFimd - -

South Sea Company's Fund

Additional Duty on Paper A 1731 ....

Surplus of the Duty on Wines A" 174$ " t . "

Arrears of the Duty on Glass A’ 1746, additional Duty on Spirits 1746,

and Duty on Glass 1777 -....

Additional oubfidv on Poundage since ifl March 1747 *

Duty on Coaches A° 1747 -

Duty on Salt since 5th Afrit 1759 - - - - *

Sweets since M'ulfummrr 17^7 -

Plate Licences since July 175^ -

Surjwis Duty on Co<ds, Paper, and Soap, 1714 -Coals A" 1719

Additional Duty on C?rds and Dice since 1 c;th April 1756 Ale Licences since Easter 175') -

Surplus Additional Duty on Wine Licences since 5th July 1 757 Additional Duty on Stampt Vellum since D®

Coals exported since D°

Surplus Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors since Lady Dry A0 1746 Additional Subsidy on Poundage since 5th April 1759

Coffee since D° -

Chocolate since D' -

Surplus additional Duty on British Spirits and Low Wines since lfi July

7$i....

Additional Duty on Malt since Sth February 1760

Brandy, British Spirits, and Low Wines, granted An-nis 1 760 and 1766 -

Brandy, British Spirits, and Low Wines, since 21st January 1762

Additional F.xcifc on Beer since 24th January 1761 Duty on Policies since ill June 1765 Coals and East India Goods since li°

Fuji India Wrought Silks since ill June 1766 Surplus Houses and Windows since 10th Ofiobei- 1766 Unrated Goods imported, undervalued Drillings and Broad Linens since 25 th May 1767 Duty on Wines since 31st March 1763 Cyder and Perry since 1766 Duty on Cards and Dice since ill June 1776

Stampc Velium. tffc. since 51b July 1776 Coaches A° 1776 -

Stampt Vellum since $th July 1777 Duty on Auctions, &c. since 5th July 1777 Servants since D°

5?

i?S.5S3 4 4l 18;,8;? i,) 11 4i?3')6 6 4J

9.CCO — 4,4U 11

10

14 " 3 3 8 9

63,683 16 9I

2«,o6o ---- —

64.064 8 8

I, 9 6 — ~

!»474 — ~

21,-63 6 6

8,306 4 ill

2.312-----

8.365 -

2.104 *6 5z

l5>6 ;6----

2.262 12 iol

13.35s-----‘

50,838 16 81

691-----

647-----

4,847-----

70.365 -

54,980 — —

7,281 — —

98,388-----

189-----

II, $4* 16

l,6oi 15 3

68,959 9 9i

264 9 6

3>ao4 8 3 11,643 14 io|

2,152 -

2,243-----

11,786-----

6,775 -

7,939-----

8,561-----

3,700-----

£ ' + 389,810 7 8|

Charge on the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5th D^y of January 1779.

fothe Chief Cashier of the Bv:k of England, for 6 Months Interest, and Ch rges of Management, on the 3 per Cent, confoMated Annuities, due li January 1779 -

To D° for 6 Months Interest, with Charges of Management, on Annuities granted for 99 and 9S Years, due O’ . - - _ .

Fo DJ f >r Cha ges of Management, of Annuities A0 1758, due D® -Tp D° to m. ke good the Deficiency of Annuities A’ 17^b, due D° -To the Chi^f Cashier of the S:u/h Sta Company, for 6 Months Interest, at 3 per Cent. on Annuities A° 1751, with Charges of Management, D® - -

To pay Life Annuities A0 1757, at the Exchequer, due D® ——

To make good the Deficiency of Annuities 1778, due D*

690.737 16 6j 1,080,548 4 3

Balance, to be applied in fu ther Part of £.1,296,209. 8U. granted for the Service of has Year 1778 *--

£. s.

609,^63 14 8}

145,870 10 if 1,400 16 10 18.919 18 3*

*9333 >7 9 13,917 6 3

*91.735 *6 *0

991,144 — 9

89.406 3 6

1,080,548 4 3

Exchequer, the 8ih Day of March 1779*

John Hnghfen.

O

cn

t*»

19 Geo. III. V Marti

A. 1779.

VMartii.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

-4

v

Ah ACCOUNT of the Net Produce, at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, of the several Stamp Duties, granted by the Acts of the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, and of the Second and Filth Years of His present Majesty, for augmenting the Salaries of the Judges of England and Wales, for Seven Years, ending the 5th Day of ’jamary 1779, distinguishing each Yearj and alto, an Account of the total Amount of the Surplules of those Duties, remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1779, after Paymenuof the several Allowances then due and payable out of the fame, by the Acts of the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty.

The Net Produce of the Stamp Duties, by the Act of the Thirty-second of King George the Second , viz.

For the Year ended the 5th Day of x 773

Ditto - - - 1774 - -

Ditto - - - - 1775 -

Ditto - - - 1776 - -

Ditto - 1777 -

Ditto - 177 d -

Ditto - 1779' -

The Net Produce of the Stamp Duties, by the Act of the Second of His present Majesty j For the Year ended the 5th Day of January 1773 -

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

>774

1775

1776

1777 1773

1779

The Net Produce of the Stamp Duties, by the Act of the Fifth of His present Majesty;

For the Year ended the 5th Day of January

»773

9,000

8,820

8,656

*8,031

8,430

9,048

9,080

s.

7

10

13

3

3

9

11

d.

5

6

1

6

11

10

301 16 1

33° 4 8 430 16 3

‘463 4 ~ 373 >« 9

5C2 3 3

325 2 6

875 >7 9

Ditto — — ee >774 - 73° 11 3

Ditto — m M >775 927 4 4

Ditto 1776 - 99 7 5 6

Ditto m m + m >777 804 6 11

Ditto >778 - 1,076 1 2

Ditto m m \ >77?’ " - 725 7 —

61,137 *9 3

2,727 5 6

6,136 13 11

7 0,001 18 8

The total Amount of the Surplufes of the above Duties, remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of 1779, after Payment of the several Allowances then due and payable out of the fame, by the Acts of the 1 n» y-second Year of King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, amounts to the bum Fifteen thousand Two hundred and Ninety-seven Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence Farthing.

Exchequer, the 8th Day of March 1779.

John Hug/ifon.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perafed by the Members of the House.

Stanton Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is under Barton concerned in the Bill for dividing and inflating the nc o ure. Qpcn fields. Open Meadows, Common Pastures, and

17

Common or Waste Grounds, within the Town 'P Stanton under Bar don, in the Parish of Thornton, County of Leicester j which Bill was this Day Second Time, a?jd committed

was

LOnti 1 llUC) dlJU wlllullllCU y 1 jjp

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Commano, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, ^av"^orme(j

V.

19 Gfo. III.

8° Mar

!207

informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Commissionc-rs of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, preheated to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Accounts; An Accent of the Quantities of Corn and Grain Corn, i:c. *imported into that Part of Great Britain, called England, imports 1 rom Chrtftm as 1765 to 1778; distmgunhing each Year, and each Specie?, and the Places from whence til" same were imported: And also.

White An Account of the Monies which have been produced F'hc °Ut °T ^'s I.ijesty’s Cult am? in England, and arc appli- 1 c.dde to the* Payment of the Bounties for the Wiiite Herring Fisherv, from 5th January 1771 to 5th January iy]9i dtllinguilF.ingeach Year: And also,

Ditto. An Account of the Number of Buflcs which have* been cleared out for the White Herring 1'ilheiy, at the several Ports in England, frditf) the jth Day of January 1771 to the 31st Day of 1778; with the Number of Men, Tonnage, and Quantity of Fish taken: And also,

Dato. ^\n Account of the Bounties paid by the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Customs in England, on the Briti/nWfiite Herring Fishery, from 5th January 1771 to 5th Januarx 1779; chfttrguishing each Year.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

.pThe said Accounts are prderved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

CliXord Mr- Chester preferred to (ho* House, according to Or-Cltamhers der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and jndolurc. Common Fields, Common Puftures, Common Meadows, ard Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Clifford Chambers, in the County of ceft.r: And the same was received; and read the First T mie.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

South Sir John Hynde Gotten nrefented to the House, accord-Bedford ing to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more Level effectual, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His unjge. present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low " Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the " Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford " Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the " River Cam, otherwise Grant, Welt, and the Hardlands of Bottisham, , and Swajfha

Prior, East; and for impowering the Governor, Bailift’s, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the F’ens, commonly " called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands lying " within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invcjled " Lands:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Raincock’s An ingrafted Bill to enable John Raiucock, and others Name. therein described, to take and ule the Surname and Arms of Fleming, pursuant to the Will of Fletcher Fleming, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal’s: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John and others therein

described, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Fleming, pursuant to the Will of Fletcher Fleming, de-cealed.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raffing a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, be now rend.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ordtook the Chair of the Committee. gj

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That £ they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments tBfcreunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Supply Bill; Letter)-,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Von. 37.

A Motion being made, That it be an Instru&ian to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Justices of the Court of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and the Puisne Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House the Consideration of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Justices of the Court of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and the Puisne Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer at -minffer.

Ordered, That it be an Instru<£lion to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Justices of the Court of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and the Puisne Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer at

A Motion being made, That it be an Instruiftion to the fa'.d Committee, That they do consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salary of the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer at Westm inft

The Lord North, by His Me;.:fly’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House the Consideration of a proper Augmentation of the Salary of the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salary of the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster.

A Motion being mr.de, That it be an Instruiftion to the said Committee, That they do consider of a proper Augmentation of t he Salary of the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the Haule, That His Majesty recommends to the House the Consideration of a proper Augmentation of the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of a proper Augmentation of theaSalary of the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas.

Mr. Penton, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Copy of the usual Commission granted, since pairing the Aifl for amending, explaining, and reducing intQ One,.Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, to the Commanding Officers of Fleets or Squadrons of Ships of War, empowering them to order Courts Martial: And also,

N* Ij Extract

Supply.

Naval

Courts

Martial.

ft

Letters

from

208

8‘

Martii.

A. 1779.

N# t. Extract of a Letter from the Right honour- The House was alto moved. That the Entry in the

urnal of the House, of the 2.1 ft Day o? in

able Vice Admiral Lord Viscount Howe, to Mr. Stephens, Journal Lord Howe, Secretary of the Admiralty, dated on Board His Ma- the last Session of Parliament, of the Address of this SiC‘ jetty’s hiiip Eagle, off Biilingpoit, May the 9th 1778: House to His Majesty, might be read.

And all'1, And the same was read accordingly.

N° 2. Copy of a circular Letter from Lord George Then the Question being put. That it appears to Germain to the Governor of New York, £s?r. dated White- this House, that the State of the Navy, on the breaking ball, 10th January 1778: And also, out of the War with France, was very unequal to what

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from the Lord Viscount Howe this House and the Nation were led to cXpeft, as weil to Governor ‘Tryon, dated Eagle, off Sandy Hock, 11th from the Declarations of His Majesty’s Ministers, as

V

April 1778: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Governor Tryon to Lord Viscount IIjzee, dated New York, 12th April 1778.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the ft id Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused*W the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

*tt

Papers re (petting Courts . Akrtial.

Ditto.

Ordered, That tlicr# be laid before this House, a Copy of the Complaint, on Application for a Court Martial, made by Captain Cruikjhank against Captain Erskine in J 748 or 1749, and of the Letter, or Letters, of the then’ Secretary to the Admiralty, in answer thereto.

from the great Sums of M ney granted, and Debts incurred, for that Service, and inadequate to the Exigencies of the various Services for which it was the Duty of His Majesty’s Ministers to have provided at so important a Crisis;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellm for the Noes, j

So it passed in the Negative.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon This flay last, for receiving Tomorrow Morning the Report from the Committee of the whole, ./ft ouie, to Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a whom ic was referred to consider further of AVays and Copy of the Complaint against Captain Stott, by a Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, Lieutenant, or other Officer of his Ship, in a Voyage might be read.

to Falkland's Island, and of the Order made thereon, or

Answer thereto.

Meirbc's not to be concerned in

Contratfs.

A Bill for restraining any Person, being a Member of the House of Commons, from being concerned himself, or any Person in Trpft for him, in any Contract made by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the CommilftoRers of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons for the Public Service, unless the said Contract fhdl be made at a public Bidding, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

State

A Motion was made, and the Question oeing pro

A BILL for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, or Piece of Waste Ground, within the

Ways and Meant.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon 'turf-day Morning next.

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Complaint made by Captain Clements, of His Ma-jefiy’s Ship Vengeance, in December last, against a Mid-shipman and others of his Crew, and of the Order made thereon, or Answer thereto.

House, to consider further of Ways and Means lor Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy railing the Supply granted to His Majesty. of the Proceedings held at the Admiralty on the Demand of a Court Martial against Captain Clements, Com- Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Morn-

mander of the Pallas. ino- next, resolve it felt into a Coru;r.ittee of the whole

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

in^ next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Ditto.

Supply.

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to fils Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to tit till Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on 7 lief lav Morning, adjourned till this Morning,

Eleven of the Clock.

Mortis, 90 Martii;

Anno 19° Georgii III11 Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

Fenwick

inclosure.

of the Navy, posed, That it appears to this House, that the State of Township of Fenwick, in the Parish of in the

the Navy, on the breaking out of the W ar with France, West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second was very unequal to what this House and the Nation Time.

were led to expeift, as well from the Declarations^of His Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ba- Majesty’s Ministers, as from the great Sums of Money con, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet this

granted, and Debts incurred, for that Service, and ina- Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the' Speaker’s dequate to the Exigencies of the various Services for Chamber, which it was the Duty of His Majesty’s Ministers to

have provided at so important a Crisis; An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing certain

The House was moved, That His Majesty’s Most Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Gracious Speeches to both Houses of Parliament, upon Parish of Broom, in the County of Stafford, was read the1 the 19th Day of OHsber 1721, the 26th Day of CjSoberThird Time.

1775, the 31st Day of October 1776, the 20th Day of Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title November 1777, and the 26th Day of November last, be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons might be read. and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of

And the same were read accordingly. Broom, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered,

Broom

inclosure.

ri

G'

ip Geo. III. 9 Martii.209

Ordered, That Sir John do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

jbo»th An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, made in the B«nam Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty fiujd. King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Alemouth, through the Town of Alnwick, to Rothbury, and from thence to the Town of;

and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jocky's Dike Bridge, in the County of Northuand for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Roads, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Alemouth, through the Town of to Rothbury,

and from thence to the Town of Hexham; and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jocky's Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland; and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Roads.

Ordered, That Lord Algernon Percy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dimity Sir John IVrotteJleyreported from the Committee, to and whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, hdoiu'e cert3’n Commons, or Parcels of Waste Lands, Called re‘ Dunjieyand Haffcott Commons, within the Manor and

Par ih of Kinver, ctherwile Kinfare, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosuie, had been complied with; and that the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Paries concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 10 Acres of Land; and that the Whole t the Lands intended to be inclo'ed cn fills of 551 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee 10 oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to repo;t to the House; and he read the Report in Ids Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amenunienis, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

E»piring Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, who were

kw'- appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near

expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House which of them are fit to be revived or continued, That the Committee had enquired accordingly; and had come to several Refblutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and ho read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," as relates to the Importation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of His Majesty’s British Plantations or Colonies in Ame-

rica, free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever, which was to be in Force for Twenty-one Years, from the 24th Day of June 17*2, and which, by several fub-Vol. 37.

sequent Acts, made in the Sixteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day 0 1778,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued and amended.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to impower " the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of " the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same before " Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, " and to lodge the feme in Warehouses at their own " Expence; and for the Relief of Ralph Barrow, in " respect to the Duty on feme Rock Salt, loft by the " Overflowing of the Rivers Heaver and ," as relates to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to the lodging of the same in Warehouses at the Expence of the Importers or Proprietors thereof, which was to continue in Force from the 29th Day of September 1742 to the 29th Day of September 1749, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts of the Twenty-third and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the Fourth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of 1778, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon " the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grcafe,’* which was to be in Force Three Years from the 2fth Day of March 1767, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts of the Tenth, Thirteenth, and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 25th Day of March 1779, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so nvurh f an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of 11 is present Majesty, as relates to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in America, and for exrending the same to the Naval Officers there, which was to be in Force from the ift Day of Augnji 1770, for the Term of Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was, by Two Acts made in the Twelfth and Fourteenth Yea-s of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the ift Day of August 1778, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee-, That so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Feign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island " of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England " trading to The Ecff Indies, and of B icuit and Pease " to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay and Ea-

" brador, and for indemnifying all Persons with respect " to advising or carrying into Execution His Ma* *c jesty’s Orders of Council already made, for allowing " the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles," as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in

3 If Force

210

9* Martii. . 1779.

Expiri*u> Force until the ift Day of January 1777, an^ wWch, Laws/ by Two Acts made in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the ill Day of May 1779, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth ’Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for better securing the Duties on Soap, and " the Duties on Rum of the Sugar Plantations, put " into Warehouses, and for allowing a Drawback of " the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages,

" for a-limited Time,*' as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be consumed on B6ard Merchant Ships on their Voyages, which was to be in Force for Two Years from the ad Day of June lllb is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First, Third, and Sixth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Seco. d Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, postponed.

The Second, Fourth, and Fifth Relblutiors of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quefhon severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Second, Fourth, and Fifth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. and Sir Grey , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it-be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the First, Third, and . Sixth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been postponed.

Hofo'taL Mr. Moyfey reported from the Committee, to whom 1 the Bill more effectually to enable the President and Governors of the Hospital or Infirmary at , established by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing and well-governing " an Hospital or Infirmary in the City of Bath," to take, or acquire and hold, any Lands, Tenements, or 1 Hereditaments, or any Interest in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and any Money or Personal Property to be laid out in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pursuant to any "Will or otherwise, to the Amount limited in the said Act, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee. had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be . ingrafted.

Supply BUI? Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the.

Lottuy, tic, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, was' committed; the-Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and tnen a Second Time, One

by One; and, upon the Question teverally put thereupon, several of them were ditagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments were made, by tire House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ' ingrossed.

A Petition of the Importers of Plar t a ion

and-Foreign Spirituous Liquors, Distillers, and R.ft:- compk»''ng fiers of British Spirits, on Behalf of t hemic Ives, and Smueeiin*

the rest of the Parties interdled in, and lonncfted with, *

the said Trades and Occupations, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was prelcnicd to the House, and read; Setting fori h, That tile Petitioners, being informed of several other Applications 10 the Home, praying Relief against Smuggling in general, they beg Leave to testily their most hearty Concurrence in every constitutional Measure which, in the Wil'dom <;f Parliament, may tend ro secure His Majesty’s Revenues, and the Suppression ot lo pernicious a Practice; and the Petitioners (.resume, that the House are acquainted, that no One Part < f His Majesty’s Subjects contribute more largely to His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs and Excile. than the Petiiioneis, and others concerned in their laid Trades or Occupations; and that it is reported, there are in France, Holland, Flanders, Denmark, and Sweden, very great Malt Distilledes constantly employed in making Spirits for the British Smugglers, who annually run into Great Britain very considerable Quantities of Geneva, B.-andy, lea. Silk,

Lace, Tobacco, Piece Goods, and other contraband Merchandize, for which they take our Gold, Silver,

Wool, and other prohibited Articles, in Return, to the great Prejudice of this Nation in general, and of the East India Company, our Silk, Lace, and Woollen Manufactories in particular, whereby many Thousands-of our Industrious Poor are deprived of great Part of their Employ, and are flawing for Want of Bread; and that the States of Holland, in order to prevent their Lol’s of fb considerable a Trade as the Corn Distillery, have (it is said) prohibited the Exportation of any Utensils used in that Branch; it is said there are several large Ships employed at Jerfer, and

Alderney, to fetch Rum from St. Croix (a Dc.n'jh island) and other Parts, which, after being lodged there some Time, is bartered for and (muggier: into Great Britain and Ireland-, and that, if an eneftual S'of could be put to the clandestine Importation of F< reign Spirits, the Consumption cf British Plantation Rum, and English Spirituous Liquors, would be very considerably increased, to the great Advantage of the Revenue, the Colonies, the Landholders, anti the Trade a,ad Commerce of Great Britain; and that our Sugar Colon es, at this Time, demand every possible A (finance and Attention from the Mother Country, as the Hard-ships, which the Planters and Merchants labour under from the American War, are very deeply felt, and, as a striking Instance of their Importance to this Country, the Petitioners beg Leave to refer the House to an Account.laid before them by the Afliftanr Inipeftor General of Exports and Imports, whereby it appears that the Value of Merchandize exported from England ‘ only, to* His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America. from Christmas 176s to Christmas 1762, amounted tot £. 1,404,540. os. id. presuming that,.the Exports from Scotland and Ireland, fer the same Period, could r.ot amount toless than £..658,734. 1 S.r. 11 the Amount together being-equal to our Exports (o all the World ' in 1668*9, whereof £-900,000 was in Wool; and, if the Exports from our Settlements in ^r/ra, and our Northern Colonies in America* &c. were to he added to the above -Sum, it would < amount ter One Million more at least; and that the Petitioners, in a Matte,-of such Moment, will not;presume to trespais further-on' the Attention of the House,.-at this Time, than tof hope; that, frotn the -united Information arising from*

Rctition

complaining

Smuggling.

t

Ditto.

Cainham

Incfeiure.

Flimwell

Vent

to

Uafting*

toad.

Brough

under

Stainmoorj

Sec.

Roads.

19 Geo. III.

9° Mar

2U

Rich a Number of Parties concurring in the same Point, Parliament will be enabled to form such Preventives for the Detection of Smugglers, and illicit Dealers, as will secure the Revenue from Injur}*, promote our own Manufactures, and afford every re-ifoliable Encouragement, and Exemption from Hardship or Interruption, to the fair Traders of all Professions in the carrying on their Trades: The Petitioners therefore hone the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them Leave to attend, by Coun-fel, or otherwise, on such Committee or Committees as shall or may be appointed upon such Bill or Bills, as may be brought into the House for the Purposes aforesaid, then and there to be heard touching such Matters as may concern the Petitioners several Interests therein; and that the House will grant such other and fort her Relief to the Petitioners in the Premises as IhaR seem meet. r

A Petition of the Dealers in Teas and Spirits, reading in the Towns cf Done after, Sheffield, Barneftey, PontefraEl, Selby, and other adjacent Towns and Villages, in the County of Tosh, whole Names are thereunto fubforibed: And ailo,

A Petition of the Dealers in Teas and Spirits, residing in the City of New Sarum, tire Towns of Devizes, Chippenham, Trowbridge, Warmi -

ford, Wilton, and other 'adjacent Towns and Villages,

in the County of Wilts, whole Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were ft-vc rally prefen ted to the House, and read; likewise complaining of the illicit Practice of Smuggling; and praying Relief in the Premises.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered , to lie upon, the Table.

Mr. Baldwyn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, inc'.ofing, and allotting, certain Commons or Waste Land, lying on the Clee-hill, within the Manor and Parish of Catnham, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Reftdved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Medley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty- sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell Vent, in the Parish of , in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Hastings, in the said County, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of in the Parish of Salehurst, in the County of Sussex, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made federal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered, the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feveuilly put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Fletcher prifented to the House, according to Older, a Bill for continuing the Term, and, altering and enlarging tne1' Powers., of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,. for repairing and widening the Roads from the East, End of Brough under Sta, in the- County of Westmoreland, By the End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Vol.'37.

Knight

Thorpe

Inclosure.

Lerton

inclosure.

Edwards’

Witt.

Wilifon’i Elia tea.

Ditto.

Bridge, in the said County: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pecked and Mr.

Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and melding the Optn Fields Meadow's, Pallures, and Corn mem bit Paces, in the Lord ships or Liberties of Knight Thorpe and Thorpe Acre, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within die Township of Lepton, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West; Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will and Testa* ment of Mary Edwards, deceased. Evidence in all the Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Inland; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hered;laments, in the Counties of Hertford and the settled Estates of Jane fVillfon, the Wife of George Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled*. An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, find Hereditaments, in the Counties of Hertford and Bucks, the settled Estates of Jane Willson,-,the V ife of George Willson, Esquire, in Trustees, tube fold or exchanged, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or. Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uies, was read the First. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from Scotch the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called Forieitett in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant te* to the Directions ol an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Report of the Commissioners " and Trustees for managing the annexed Fondled " Estates in Scotland, to the Lords Commissioners of " His Majesty’s Treasury, which, by an Act of the " 25th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, is directed " to be laid before both Houses of Parliament."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Milford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the liar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Cotton Wool imported Annually into Scotland, from Christmas 1767 to Christmas 17.77; distinguishing the Foreign from, what was. the Growth of the Br'itish Colonies, and specifying the respective Quantities in each Year from the several Colonies and Countries: And also.

An Account of Cotton Wool exported Annually from Scotland, from Christmas, 1767 to Qhriftnm 1777f distinguistung the Foreign from what was the Growth

Accwnr* 5 Cotton Wool.

9

111

9° Martii.

A. 1779*

Woollen

Yarn.

Corn. and Grain.

Accounts Excite.

Carlisle

to

Woricington

Road.

of the British Plantations, with tlje Amount of the Duties paid in each Ytfar: And also.

An Account of all the Woollen Yarn imported into Scotland from Ireland, from ift ’January 1775 (to which the last Account delivered in to the honourable House of Commons was made up) to lft January 1779: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Corn and Grain imported into Scotland, from 1769 to mas 1777, being as far as the same cane.be made up; distinguishing each Year, and each Species, and the Places from whence the same were imported.

And then he withdrew. *

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of Excise in attended at

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to thfir Orders,

Ah Account of the Gross Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excit'd in Scotland, for three Years last past; for Excise, i£c. for the Years ending at 5th July, and for Malt at 23d June, 1776, 1777, and 1778; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Monies which have been actually paid out of His Majesty’s Duties of Excise in Scotland, on Account of the Payment of the Bounties on Vessels employed in the White Herring Fishery, from 25th December 1771 to 5th January 1779: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Bounties which have been paid by the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Excile in Scotland, on the British White Herring Fishery, from 5th January 1771 to jth January 1779.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other 1 Papers of this Session.

Sir James Lowtker reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,'the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Rudd, being examined, laid. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, with respect to such Part of the said Road as lies between the Town of Cockermouand and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls collected upon the said Road between Cockermouth and Working-ton, have been applied towards the Repairs thereof.

That the Sum of £. 900, borrowed as aforesaid, still remains due, which cannot be repaid, and the said1 Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act, so far as relates to the said Road between Cocker-

mouth and Workington, be further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made in the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the'Second, for repairing the Road from the City of in the County of

Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town 9I Work-ington, in the said County, so far as the same relates to the Road between the Town of and Workington aforesaid: And that Sir James and Sir

Michael Le Fleming do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill fof the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the Hundred of Cosford, except the Parish of Hadleigh, iand also of the Parish of Polfl within the.Hundred of Babergh, in the County of was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the Hundred of Cosford, except the Parish of Hadleigh, and also of the Parish of Polfled, within the Hundred o in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Charles do carry the Bdl

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Poulett reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering and varying the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgeioater, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, lo far as relates to the Roads leading to the said Town, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations' of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, whi^h. they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were „ agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Totals of Drawbacks of the Duties of jCustom and Excise, for the last Fourte.n Years, upon printed Linens and Callicoes; distinguishing each, and each Year.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Discharge out of Prison of such Insolvent Debtors as shall serve, or procure a Person to serve, in His Majesty's Fleet or. Army;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, iptituled, " An Act for defraying the Charge of the? Pay and Cloathing of the *« Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called,

" for One Year,’ beginning the 25th Day of March , " *778#

Cosford

and

Polfted

Poor.

Bridgewater

Roads.

Account j Customs and Excise.

Insolvent Debtors.

Militia Pay and Cusailiing*

io Geo. III. % 9* — 10° Mart'll. 213

" 1778; and for filling up Vacancies in the Militia in the Cafes therein mentioned," might be read*

I And the same was read accordingly.

Ashd a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to repeal the Two last Clauses contained in the said ,1 Ad;

The House was moved. That an Act, mad# in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for defraying the Ciiargtf'of the " Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of " Great Britain called England^ for One Year, bi^inning the 25th Day of 1771; for indemnify-

" ing the Landholders of the Isle of Wight from the " Payment of the Monies due by virtue of an Act of " the Ninth Year of His present Majesty; and for " other Purposes therein mentioned," might be read.

Aiid the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That art Act, made in w the Thirteenth Year ait. the Reign of His present Majesty, h*tituled, "An Act for defraying tlit Charge of " the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part " of Great Britain called England* for One Year* be- , " ginning the 25th Day of Marat 1773," might be read. C

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question^being put, Tlfiit it be an Iii-struction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to repeal the Two last Claute* contained in the said Act, made'in the last Session of Parliamerst. *

Tiie H^use divided. „ The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yendf

(Sir George xonge:

Tellers for the Noes *Thc Ltml I eiiers for the IN oes, jj4.

So it passed in the Negative. '

Then the House resolved itself into the mittee. said Com-

Mr Sneaker left the Chair.

Mr Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 1 o° die Myrtii;

Anno 19" Georgii IIIlli Regis, 1779. £

Prayers.

Herberbury F\RDERED, "fhat all have Voices, who come to

incloliire. Cr cominjtlee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common hieius, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Waste Land, within the Panth ot

berbury, otherwise llarbury, in the county of,

ft committed.

(Mown ' Mr. Level Stanhope reported from the Committee, to £ whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Road. Vo I . 37.

Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and' widening the Roads from O.t-down Gate, in Popbarn Lane, to*the City of

and from the said Cicv, through Hwjley, to Chandler's Ford; and, from Hurjley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey; and from the said Turnpike Road, through

Ringwood, in the County of Souto Longfum Bridge and Winborne Miufter, in the County of Dorset; and for amending and widening the Road from Ring-wood Gate, in the said County of Southampton, to -bridge,’‘Sind from thence to the Great Western Road, between a Place called Thick Thorn and Inn,

was committed; That th<^ Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee^had gone thrdugh the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the House;

and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Onej and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. , *

Ordered, That the Mil, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Rill for more effectually v repairing, widening, and amending the Roads from Wigan to Prtfton

Prejion, in the County Palatine of Lancnfier; and for Roiuis.

repealing several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, and the Fourth andf Twenty- $ third Years of his late Majest:^, relating to the said Roads, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from Wigan to Prejion, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for repealing $

several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, and the Fourth and Twenty-third Years of his late Majesty, relating to the (pid Roads.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hoghton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several and respective Persons Petition* whose Name^ are thereunder written, being Dealers and^ co, ut,l‘"lin Venders of Teas, Coffee, Spirituous Liquors, and Smuggling other Commodities paying Duty, in the Town of Chelmsford, and Towns and Villages adjacent, in the County of Essex; and a!so of the principal Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants of the said Towns and Villages, Promote^ and Encouragers of the fair Trader, and ofttlic Revenues of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the Dealers in Teas and Spirits, and Ditto, other Tradesmen, in the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex \ also. of the Corporation, Gentlemen, and other principal Inhabitants, of the said Town, and Parishe^ adjacent, who are Well-wilhers to His Majesty’s Revenu#, to the fair Trader, and to the Community in general;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the illicit Pi aft ice of Smuggling; and praying Relief in the Premises.

And the said Petitions were fcvemlly ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Hunger ford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Paftuves, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish other-

wife Long C/azvfon, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Bounty

I 1 a Com-

214

i o° MartiL

A. 1779.

aCommittee of the whole House, to consider of an Trades of Bakers and Butcher?, although they shall Ad, made in the Tvyenty-nilth Year of the Reign of not have been brought up as Apprentices in the said

his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species " of British and IriJJi Li&ns exported, and taking off " the Duties on the Importation of Foregin Raw.JLinen " Yarns, made of Flaxand also of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled* " An Act for continuing the Bounties " on British and Irt/h Linens exported, for further

Trades: And the same was received j and read the First Time. . - *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill more effectually to enable the Prefi- Bath dent and Governors of the Moipital or Infirmary at

Bath, «stablished by an Act, passed in the Twelfth *

„„ „11W ,w>w.v. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

" discontinuing the Duties on the Importation of Second^ intituled, "An Act for establishing and well- 9

" Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, and for " governing an Hoi'pitai or Infirmary in the City of '

granting a Bounty on the Exportation#of- British " to ta^e> or acquire and hold, any Lands, t

" Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Interest in

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and any Money or Personal Property to be laid out in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pursuant to any Will, or otherwise, to the Amount limited in the said Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the*Title be, An Act more effectually to enable the PrefuJ|rrt and

£ Bounty on the Exportation# of- British Chccqued and Striped Linens, and upon. British " and Irish Diapers, Huci^backs, Sheeting, and other " Linen, of above a certain Breadth." ®

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Dundas todfc the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dundat reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had dfrested him to report, when the House will ple^le to receive the same.

Governors of the Hospital or Ir*firmary at efta- £

blished by an Act, passed in tlfe Twelfth Year of the Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, fin-

orninff. ' titukd, " An Act for establishing and well-governing

Ways and Means.

Regulation

ot

Prisons, &c.

rSupply Bill;

doming

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His MajiSly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resoluuons; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit i^ain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir Herbert Mack-worth presented to tfic House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Regulation of Prisons, and Houses of Correction, within the Kingdom of England and Dominion of: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Ufolved, That the Bill be read a Second Timefc Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge o# the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifilf Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine,

was committed.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the’ Committee had made to the Bill; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, ^with the Amendments, in the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout i and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question federally pur thereupon,.were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ng ana wen-governing 4‘ an Hoi'pitai or Infirmary in Jtbe City of Bath," to take, or acquire and hold, any Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ?or any Intercom Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and any Money or Personal Property be laid out in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pursuant to any Will, or otherwise, to the Amount limiterUin the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Mouey do carry thqjBiil to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bakers

and

Butchers

Apprentice-

ships.

The Lord Onglcy presented to' the House* according to Order, a Bill to enable Persons to exercise the of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, in the Parish of Grafton Flyford, in the County* of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and lound that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame* to be true j ami that the Parties concerned had given 9 their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Three Persons, whole Property is of the Annual Value of £.20; and that the Whole of the Property intended to be inclosed is of the Annual Value of £. 956. ij. o d.and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where th^Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingntfied. b

Thegjdoufe was moved, That an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, %hn Act for the Encouragement of the " White Herring Fishery," might be read.

And the fanife being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Commons, of Parcels of Waste Lands, called Dunjley and Haffcott Commons, within the Manor and Parish of Kinver, otherwise , in the County

Grafton Fly t ord Iitglofure#

Herring

Fishery.

Dunne/ - and HaiTcott Inclosure.

Resolved,

4 K

19 Geo. IH.

J *

Goods i.n ported

ftriiiflr-built Ships.!

Supply B'll Lottery. &c.

Difle-itfo Miners and Sen 00. matters.

V

Trade

and

Commerce

of

Ireland.

Supply.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Commons, or Parcels of Waste Lands, called Dunjley and Haffcott Commons, within the Manor and Parish of Kittver, otherwise Kinfare, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered \That Sir John IVro'tesley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. %

» 1 *

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning; ijefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting, during the present Hostilities with France, certain Goods, enumerated* in the Act of Navigation, to be imported in Briti/7/-bm\t Ships sold to Foreigners.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, revive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of granting luither Relief to P&rcliant Differing Ministers and Schoolmasters.

The House accordingly* resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of tire Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motiorj, when the Iloufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Sevennight.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon Friday Sevennight, the ir>th Day of this lnflant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take intft Confident ion so much of the several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Commerce of Ireland, as relate* to allowing the Importation of Sugars from the British Colonies and Plantations into tlxj Kingdom of Ireland:

The House divided.

The Yeas went lorth.

Tellers for the Yeas,*11* L°rd

io° — 110 Martii.

Jthis, ii#

Anno 19* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1779*

v

Praters.

V5

'IThe Lord Beauchamp:

TcPers for the Noes \ Sir Ym&'

iel.ers for the INoes, Adam

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

1 «

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

MR. Chefierreported from the Committee, to whom Mafeyiampton the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, ’ nc*oure' the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Gloiicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills oftlnclosure, had been complied with; and that the Comrhittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and had *. also given their Consent to the leaving out Two of the Commissioners named in the said Bill; and-that the Cdftunittec had gone through tj^ Bill; and made fe-vcrarAftenJments thereunto; which they had disgtfled him to report to the Ifcufe; and he read the Report, in his Pi ace; and aftery&rds delivered the Bill, with the# Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table': Where §> the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, \yith the Amendments, be

VOL.37.

ingrafted.

Sir Thomas C/averingreported from the Committee,

to whom the Report, which was made Irom the Committee to whom the Petition of Thomas White, of Retford, in the County of Nottingham, Esquire, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners ot Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and entitled in Right thereof to Allotments of certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Wake Land, within the Parish and Manor of chester, in the County Palatine of Durham, was re- ’ ferred, was re-committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being entitled to Allotments of certain Moors or Commons, within the Parish and Manor of Lar.-chester, in the County Palatine of , by virtue

of An Act, tnadc in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the said Moors or Commons, w'as referred; That the Committee had conlldered the said Report; and had examined the Matter of the said last mentioned Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. ..... A Teggifonbeing examined, said, That he apprehends

sufficient Notice was not given of a Meeting of the Proprietors entitled to Allotments of the said Moors or Commons, when the Agreement was entered into between the said Thomas White and several of the Proprietors of the said Moors or Commons, for the Sale of a certain Plot or Parcel thereof, together with the Edifices and Buildings erected thereon, at the perpetual yearly Rent ^Charge or £.30; and tjjat he is of Opinion, if the said Premises were again put up to Sale, and proper Notice given thereof, the same might he fold for a much greater yearly Rent than £.30. Then

Mr. Thomas Rippon being examined, produced to your Committee, a Consent in Writing irom the said Thomas White, that the Premises so purchased by him as aforesaid should be again put up to Sale, upon certain Conditions therein mentioned.

Ordered,

Ls-ichester

Mix rs

Agreement b r *

for

Inclosure.

0

4

3,16 ii m Marlii. A.iiiq.

f Orderod, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for varying certain Provisions contained in an Act, made ' in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish agl Manor of Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Sir Thomas CSir John Eden, and Sir, William Myddelton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bounty on Mr. Dundas, according to Order, reported from the Linens. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made irr the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting a Bounty " upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the ImjSor- tation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax;" and also of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " continuing the Bounties on British and Irish L^ens " exported, for furtftr discontinuing the Duties on the

" #nportation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made

of Fhx, and for granting^aTlounty on the Jixportation q! British Checo.ued and Striped Linens, and ® " upon British and IrijDiapers, HuckabucKs, Sheet-

" ing, and other Linen, ‘ofabove a certain Breadth;" the Resolutfon which the Committee haft directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered*in at the Clerk’s Table: $ Wh|re the same was read; and is as follower^;

Rcjohcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient, that an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting a " Bounly upon certain Species of British and Irish " Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the " Importation of foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of " Flax" (which said Act was, by another Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty continued until the 24th Day of 1778. and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament) and also, lo much of the said last mentioned Act of the Tenth Year of f 1 is present Majesty, as grants a Bounty on the Exportation of British Qhccqucd and Striped L.nens, and upon British and Diapers lluckabucks, Sheeting, and other Linen of above a certain Value, Ihoukl be further continued lor a Time to be limited.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Kcsolution: And that Mr. Dundas, Mr. Dempfler, Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir Adam Fetgvjjbn, and Sir Archibald Edmnstone, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hmgerford reported from the Committee, to Daifert whom the Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the IncJviu/t. Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pdftures, Lands, and (hounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Pari ill of Aven Dajjett, in the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Ouiers of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills olHrtclo ure, had been complied with; and that the Committee ha i examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, whole Property consists of a Quarter of a Yard Land; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be incloted contains Yard Lands and upwards; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunfo; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report,

in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One, and, upon the Question fevejfilly put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. - *

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be . ingrossed. '* |

l

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the f way* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- and Mtmf ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had Yesterday directed him to report -to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for giving further Encouragement for the lm- *

" po/tation of* Naval Stores, and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," as relates to the Importation of ' ‘

Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly caTi- ed Lumbei^ therein particularly enumerated, from any of His Majesty’s' British Plantations or Coionies in America, free from all Culfems and Impufitions whatsoever, which w'as to be in Force for Twenty-one Years, from the Twenty-fourth Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-two, and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the Sixteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of 1778,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued and amended.

Rofohed, That it is the Opinion of this- Committee,

That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Keigh of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable " upor%the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and " Greale," which was to be in Force . Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1767, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of ParliamentJ-'and which, by several subsequent Acts, of the Tenth, Thirteenth, and Sixteenth Years or the Reign of ‘His present Majesty, was further continued until the 2.51! 1 Day of March, 1779, is near expiring, and lit to be continued. *

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth fcear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for better lecuiing the Duties on Soap,

" and the Duties on Rum of the Sugar Plantations,

" put into Warehouses, and for allowing a Drawback " of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages,

" for a limited Time," as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Hum Shipped as Stores, to be con fumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, which w'as to be in Force for Two Years, from the 2d Day of June 1777, is near expiring, and fit to be con-tiuucd.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Second, Fourth, and Fifth of the Resolutions which upon Tuesday last were reported from the Committee who were appointed to enquire what Laws

are

3

v

iQ Geo. III. ii° Mar. 217

are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions now agreed to by the House.

jupjjy Bill j An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Militia. Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven ' hundred and Seventy-nine, was read the Third Time.

" > Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty- fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sheffield, Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Little Sheffield, in the County of through the

" Towns o Hathersage, , and Cajlleton, to Sparrow pit Gate, in the County of and from the

Guide Fuji near Barber's Fields Cupola, through " dleford Bridge, Great Hucklow,

" Wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the County of " Derby," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, % in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, di-resting what Statute Duty shall be performed by the Inhabitants of Ecclesal.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to I be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wtft Mr. Damer presented to the House, according to Knighton Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open taclouie. Common Arable Field, and also certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Knighton, in the County of Dorset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

North Sir Sampson Gideon reported from the Committee, to Bedford whom the Bill for charging the Lands within the North Drainage, kvel, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Croivland, with further Taxes, for a limited Time, for discharging the Debts incurred by the Commissioners under an Act; of the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, and for better supporting and preserving the Drainage of the said Lands, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 718 Acres, 3 Roods, and 2 Perches, who refused their Consent; and also except the Proprietors of 965 Acres, 3 Roods, and 3 a Perches, Voi. 37.

who could not Tie found, or were not applied to; and that the Whole of the Lands included in the said Drainage conlifts of 39,622 Acres, 1 Rood, and 36 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tore*, port to the House; and he read the Report in his Pi.ice; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Fletcher reported from the Committee, to Carlilfe whom the Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made to in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- ^nrj{|*

jesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlifie, 03

to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penritjf to Emont Bridget which divides the Counties of Cumberland and Wefi-moreland, was committed-; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee h^d gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That a Meeting of the Trustees shall be held Once a Year at Carlifie and Penrith.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Common Coun- Petition cil. Principal Inhabitants, Traders, and others, of the complaining King's Town, and Parish of Maidstone, in the County s of.. of Kent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was U"' ®* presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the illicit Practice of Smuggling, and praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and efi- Flimwell larging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty- Vent sixth Year of the Reign of his Late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell Vent, in the Parish of,

in the County of Stiffex, to the Town and Port of Hafiings, in the said County, was read the Third Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell Vent, in the Parish of , in the County of SujJ'ex, to the Town and Port of Hafiings, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Medley do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the principal Traders, Inhabitants, ftomcaftfc, and Occupiers of Lands, in the several Towns and *c-Parishes of Wrangle, Leak, Lever ton, But- Small

3 K terwick.

ai8 ii° Martii. A. 1779.

tenviek, Frieston, and iti the Hundred of

beck, in the County of was presented to the

House, and read: Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe* by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the S >ake of and Wapentakes of

Gartree, Louth, EJke, and , in

the County of Lincoln \and that the said Towns and Parishes of Wrangle, Leak,

terwick, Frieflon, and Fishtoft, lie near to the said Soake and Wapentakes, and the Petitioners labour under great Difficulties in the Recovery of Small Debts from many Persons, who refuse to pay the same on Account of the Difficulties which Creditors lie under of recovering the lame, according to the present Forms of Law, by reason of the great Expences and Delays which attend such Recovery in the County Court of Lincoln, which lies upwards of Thirty Miles Distance from any of the said Towns and Parishes; and that, if Provision was made in the Bill for the Recovery of Small Debts in the Soake and Wapentakes before mentioned, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the said Towns and Parishes of gle, Leak, Leverton, Be But tenviek, Frieston, and

Fishtoft, in the said Hundred of Skirbeck, it would hiake the said Bill of more general Utility, and be of great Service to the Petitioners and others in the said Towns and Parishes: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the said Towns and Parishes of Wrangle, Leak, Leverton, Benington, Butterwick, Frieston, and Fishtoft, in the said Hundred of Skirbeck.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Traders, Inhabitants, and Occupiers of Lands, within the Soake of Horncastle, and Wapentakes o* Gartree, Louth, EJke, Ludborough, and Calceworth. in the Parts of Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Pctidon; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Sir Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

H. Palliser. fjjs Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to deliver to tins House a Copy of the Charges which the said Commissimers propose to refer to a Court Martial appointed to examine into the Conduct of Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Pal'fer, in and relative to the Ad ion off UJhanton the 27th of July last, between His Majesty’s Fleet, and the Fleet of France; and also a Copy of any Official Notice transmitted from the Admiralty to Vice Admiral Palliser, respecting the Charges to be exhibited against him.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and

Mr. Eames;

Mr. Speaker,

Army,* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Mutiny Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the ana better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; with-Dckrtion. out any Amendment: And also.

Government The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An of $z!jrs Ad to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-and Forces second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King by Sea. George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of " His Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An 18

Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain Askwith 1 Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of ailJ, AJiivith, in the Parish of Weston, in the County of MconP York-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: -And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Mai^enhe* ‘ Act for widening and repairing a Lane, called Pitt's Bridge 1 or Sheppard's Lane, leading from the Market House, R,oaJl‘ 1 ‘ in the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, j

towards Cookham, in the said County; and for turn-

ing the Course of the present Road, leading from Ray Mills and Cookham, to the Turnpike Road near t

Maidenhead aforesaid; without any Amendment: And 1

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Scotch , Act for the better railing and securing a Fund for a Clergy*^ Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers W‘uo*5' of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Princi- j

pals, and Mailers, in the Universuics of Saint (

Glasgow, Edinburgh, and Aberdeen; and for repealing (

Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the j

Second, for those Purposes; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Paper, intituled, '

" Commissioners of Excile Return to the Order of commiflit'lL ! " the honourable House of Commons, dated 23d Fe- of Excite. ' bruary 1779," which was presented to the House up- t

on the 25th Day of February last, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Payments made into the Exchequer, by the Commissioners of the Excile, from the 5th of January 1778 to the 5th of July 1778; distinguishing the Money paid on each Article.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Payments made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners of the Excise, from the 5th of July 1778 to the 5th of January 1779; distinguishing the Money paid on each Article.

A Motion being made, That it he an Instruction to Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Chief Justice of Chester, and of the Second Justice of Chester, and of the Six Justices of Wales;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House the Consideration of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Chief Justice of Chester, and of the Second Justice of Chester, and of the Six Justices of Wales,

Ordered, That it bean Instructionto the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Chief Justice of Chester, and of the Second Justice of Chester, and of the Six Justices of Wales.

A Motion being made. That it be an Instruiftion to the said Committee, that they do consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Court of Session and the Court of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends to the House the Consideration of a proper Augmenta- *

tion of the Salaries of the Judges of the Court of Session and the Court of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That it be an Instruiftion to the said Committee, That they do consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Court of Session

i9 Geo. III.

11

Martii.

dip

fion and the Court of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Lord G. Germain

Naval

Courts

Martial-

Ditto.

Knowles at , dated 24th June l J $0, in-

closing Duplicate of the aforegoing Letter; and also* Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Admiralty to Rear Admiral Knowles, dated 18th October 1749, directing him to inform the Board whether be had any Thing to charge against the Gonduft of the Captains Holmes, Powlett. and Innes; and also, Copy of a

the Protestant Line," might be Letter from Rear Admiral Knowles to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated 2.8th 1749, in Answer to

the foregoing Letter.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen intituled,

"An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Pei Ion " and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown " of Great Britain in read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Paper, intituled, " Grant to Lord George Germain of the Office " of One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of " State," which was presented to the House upon the 19th Day of February Jail, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* posed, That the Right Honourable George commonly called Lord George having, since

the Commencement of this present Parliament, been appointed to, and stili holding, the Office of One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, in Addition to the Two ancient Offices for the Southern and

Ordered, That there be laid before this House* Copies of the Orders from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, for assembling Courts Martial for the Trials of Rear Admiral Knowles, and the Captains,

Powlett, Toll, and bines, dated the lft of December

1749*

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Vice Admiral Griffin to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 2d August 1749, defining a Court Martial to enquire into his Conduct j and also* Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Admiralty-

Northern Departments, was and is disqualified from to Vice Admiral Griffin, dated 3d Aitgujl 1749,^11 An-

fitting and voting in this House, by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s " Person and Government, and of the Succession to " the Crown of Great Britain in the Prorestant Line Lord George Germain was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by Jeaving out the Words " in Addition to " the Two ancient Offices for the Southern and " Northern Departments."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out, stand Part of the Question;

It palli d in the Negaf sc.

- Then the main Queston, so amended, being put.

Iwer thereto; and also, Copy of a Lettes from the Secretary of the Admiralty to Captain of the

Exeter, dated 19th May 1750, respecting his Charge against Vice Admiral Griffin; and also, Copy of a. Letter from Captain Powlett, dated 24th May, in Answer thereto; and also, Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Admiralty to Vice Admiral dated 25th May 1750, to prepare himself for a Court Martial} and also. Copy of a Letter from Captain Powlett to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated 31st May 1750, tranlinitting a Charge against Vice Admiral. Griffin} and also, Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Admiralty to Vice Admiral Griffin, dated ill June 1750, inclosing Copy of the said Charge} and also, Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Admi-

Thit the Right honourable George Germain, commonly ralty to Captain dated lft of June 1750, ac-

.called Lord George Germain, having, since the Commencement of this present Parliament, been appointed so, and ft ill holding, the Office of One of His Majesty’s Principal Secret_ries of State, was and is disqualified from lilting and voting in this House, by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the Security of her

kno.vledging the Receipt of his Charge against Vice Admiral Griffin, and transmitting Copy of a Charge exhibited against him by the Vice Admiral in his Letter of the 31st May 1750} and also, Copy of a Letter from Captain Powlett to the Secretary' of the Admiralty, dated the 4th June 1750, respecting the last mentioned Charge; and also, Copy of a Letter from the

" Majesty’s Person and Government, and ot tiic Sue- Secretary of the Admiralty to Captain Powlett, dated " cession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Pro- the 8th June 1750, in Answer thereto.

" testant Line;"

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f Sir ^eph idlers for me leas, j Mr

rp , rf Sir Richard IForsley,

Idlers for the Noes, j Mr 0njj^.

So it palfed in the Negative.

} ‘

} 245

Ordered, That there be laid before this Houfo, a Copy of the Sentence of the Court Martial held for the Trial of Captain John on Board the

Cornwall, at Port Royal in Jamaica, on the lftof February 1747-8.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Houfo to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houfo, upon the Bill for restraining any Person, being a Member of the House of Commons, from being concerned himself, or any Person in Trust for him, in any Contract made by the- Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons for the Public Service, unless the said Contraft shall be nude at a Public Bidding, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Mr. Thomas Townshend,

Mr. Grenville:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Teflers for the Noes, 1 *jr

(Mr. Rotnnfon:

} «24-| l6i-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from the Captains Holmes, Pozvlett, Toll, and Innes, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated

the 31st March 1749, charging Rear Admiral Knowles with bad Conduct; and also, Copy of a Letter from the Secretary' of the Admiralty, in Answer thereto, dated the 4th of April 1749; and also. Copy of a Letter from the Secretary' of the Admiralty to Rear Admiral Knozvles at Jamaica, dated the 4th ot April House, upon the said Bill.

1749, inclosing Copy of the Charge contained in the

above-mentioned Letter; and also, Copy of a Letter Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving from the Secretary of the Admiralty to Rear Ad mi raj the Report of the Resolutions, which, upon Monday Vol, 37. Sevennighr,

So ir passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Four Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Kraval

Courts

Martial;

Ditto*

Member*

not to be concerned in

Contracts.

Way* and Means.

220

li* — 12* Martii.

J. 1779.

Sevennight, were directed to be made from the Commit fee of the who'e House, to whom it was referred to cous. ier further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Importation The House, according to Order, resolved itself into of Corn. a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of several principal Landholders, Merchants, and Traders in Corn, in the Isle Wight.

Mr. Speakei left the Chair.

Mr. Ambler took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ambler reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House wiil please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ambler accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Port of Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, are allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportati'on of Corn."'

And Mr;* Ambler moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Port of Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Re-ftridions as Com, Grain, and Flour, are allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and ‘‘Exportation of Corn:" And that Mr. Ambler and 1 Sir Richard Worsley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

# Goods Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-unported jBg5 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, British-brilt to consider of permitting, during the present Hostilities Ships. with France, certain Goods, enumerated in the Act of Navigation, to be imported Ships

sold to Foreigners.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

VeneriS) 12° Marin;

Anno 19* Georgii III*" Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

Westoury /ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-Writ. \J rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new

Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of Wilts, in the room of Nathaniel Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Accounts The House being informed that the Chamberlain of from the the City of London attended at the Door; he was London.0 ad\ed in; and, at the Bar, preferred to the House,

9

pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th Day of July 1778: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of London, for building and compleating Blackfriars Bridge, trorn the 28th 1777, ex-

ciulive, to the 28th Day of September 1778, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of London, for re-building the Gaol of Newgate, in the City of London, from the 28th of September 1777, exclusive, to the 28th of September 1778, inclusive; And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of London, for embanking Part of the North Side of the River Thames within certain Limits, from the 28th of Sep4ember 1777, exclusive, to the 28th of September 1778, inclusive: And allb.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of London, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, Sewers, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, from the 28th of September 1777, exclusive, to the 28th September 1778, inclusive: And ailo.

An Account of Money receiv d and paid by the Chamberlain of London, on Account of the Tolls upon London and Blackfriars Bridges, from the aStl* Day of September 1777, exclusive, to the 20th Day of January 1778, inclusive: And also.

An AcLOunt of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of London, for repairing Royal Exchange, in the City of Lofrom the 28th of September 1774, exclusive, to the 28th of September 1773, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money, received and paid by the Chamberlain of London, for navigating upon the River Thames, &c. from the 29th September 1777, exclusive, to the 29th of September 1778, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-fccoud Year of tire Reign of his late Maj-.-fty King George the Second, and in the Second Year of the Reign of His prel’cnt Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Ox down Gate, in Popham Lane, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through to

Chandler's Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of

to Lougham Bridge and Winborne in the County of Dorseti and for amending and widening the Read from Ringwood Gate, in the said County of,

to Woolsbridge, and from thence to the Great Westcm. Road, between a Place called Thick Thorn and Cashnor-p Inn, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdazv/t Gate, in Popham Lane, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through Hursley, to Chandler's , and from Hursley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Bridge and Winborne Minster, in the County of and for amending and widening the Road from

221

;9 Geo. III. i a* Ma

.%vwd Gate, in the said County of Southampton, to Woolf- J^ordship of in the Pari Hi of in the

bridge, and from a Street called -The Hundred, at RomJeK-, County of was read a Second Time;

through Chilworth, t,o the River at Swathl'ing, in the said That the Bill be committed to S.r James

County. Lowther, Mr. See.: And they are to meet

Ordered, That Mr. Lovel Stanhope do carry the Bill this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s to she Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Chamber.

Amwer TLe Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That

w their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be Brac'ously Pealed to give Directions, that the Copies hpets therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Badby Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom lodoinrck gill por dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mca4 dhws, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of in

the County of Northampton, wu6 committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 17^4, relative to Pills of In lofure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegation' of the Bill, a>.d found the liuue to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confect to the Bill, to the S uh.ly.dLan of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bilh and made fever.il Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Vtere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wooded A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Gom-hdofure. njon piei |s^ other Commonable Lands and-Grounds, of and with.n the Hamlet and Liberties of in the Parish of Blakejiey ,in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Totvu/hend.See.: And they are to meet tins Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Importation Sir Richard WorJleypresented to the House, accc.fd-oiCorn. ing to Ord r, a Bill for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported info the Port or Cnves, in the Isle of Wight, to he landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, are allowed to lie landed at t lie several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to regulate the " Importation and Kxportation of Corn:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rfoived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

CaliQe Sir James Low. her presented to the House, accord-

ed ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and al-w°'^'00 tering the Powers, of a 1 Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town 01 Workington, in the said County, so far as the same relates to the Road between the Town of Cocbermokih and Workington aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Rfoived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mortand A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, of lnciofore. Moors, and Waste Grounds* within the Manor or Vpt. 37.

An ingroftl-d Bill for charging the Lands within the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, tailed Bedford Level, and clivers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crow/and, with further Taxes, for a limited Time, for discharging the Debts incurred by the Commissioners under an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second; and for better supporting and preserving the Drainage of the said Lands, was read tire Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that this Title be. An Act for charging the Lands within the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland, with further Taxes, for a limited Time, for discharging the Debts incurred by the Commissioners under an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, and for better supporting and preserving the Drainage of the said Lands.

Ordered, That Sir Sampson Gideon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ord presented to the House; according tdi Order, a Bill to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America-, to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the Sugar

Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excile; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers, in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in Ama'ica; -and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duti& on Runi shipped as Stores, to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, [ alfed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty ’s Reign; intituled, "An Act for draining and " pveferving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds,

" lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level " of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam, " otherwise Grant, West, and the Hardlands of tisham, Swnjfham Bu/beck, and Swaffham Prior, East; " and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great " Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford " to fell certain Fen I.ands lying within the Limits " aforesaid, commonly called Lands," was read

a Second Tune.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Thomas Clavering presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for varying certain Provisions contained in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of Lanchester, in the Coumy Palatine of Durham; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

3 L - A. Bill

Kortk

feediord

Level

Drainage;

Expiring

Laws*

South

Bedford

Level

Drainage*

Lanchtftef

Mocr»

Agreement for

inclosure.

Kibworth Br*aucba np Jndofure.

Avfn

Datfc&r I ado lure.

Eitoo

Iaciolure.

Edwards*

Will.

Cliff

Chambers

Indoiure.

MartiL A. l119-

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, lying and being within the Manors, Lordships, or Liberties, of Kibworth Beauchamp, Kibworth liar court, and Smeeton Westcrby, in the Parish of worth Beauchamp, in the County of , was read a

Secnd Tune.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. fad, Mr. Burrell, he.'- And they are. to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pafluies, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Aval Dafjett, in the County of Warwick, was read the Tliiid lime.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pathnes, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Avtn Deficit, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Hurgerfor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Eltin the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to the Lord

Nezvhaven, Mr. Byng, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at l ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the lad: Will and Tcdament of Mary Edwards, deceased, Evidence in all the Courts ot Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Patti ires, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Clifford Chambers, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Townfimd, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Harbord be added to the

Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable Catherine Lady Stcurton, Lady of the Manor or Lord fh ip of Nether Darwen, other wise Lower Darwen,

in the Parish of Blackburn, in the County of Lancaster, and of the other Persons whole Names are thereunder written, being Parties interested in the Commons thereinafter mentioned.

Sir Harbord Harbord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain d raft of Common or Waste Ground, called Lower Darwen Moor, in the Parish of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Little Skejfic din tIre County of York through the

" Towns ot Hathersage, Hope, and Cajlleton, to Sparrowpit Gate, in the County of Derby; and from the " Guide Pojt, near Barber's Fields Cupola, through

" Grindleford Bridge, Great Hucklow, Tidswell, Hardgate. Wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the County " ol Derby," was read the Third 'lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers ol an Act, made in the Thirty-tiitt Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Roads from " in the County of York, through the Towns of Hatherfaiei Hope, and Cafiieton, to Sparrcz Gate', in the " County of Derby; and irem the Guide Frfi, near " Barber's Fields Cupola. through Grindleford Bridge, " Great Hucklow, ‘Tidswell, , and Fair-

" field, to Buxton, in the County of Derby."

Ordered, That Lord George do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Addrefeto His Majesty,

An Account of extraordinary Services incurred and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between 31st of January 1778 and the tft of February 1779, and not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followerh; viz.

Darwen

Moor

Iudofore#

Ditto#!

Sheffield,

fcc.

Road*

ip Geo. III.

12° Martii.

323

AN ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services, incurred and paid by the Right honourable Rigby,

Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between 31st of January 1778 and the ift of February 1779, and not provided for by Parliament,

- -f

Dates of Warrant*.

1778. Nov. 5.

18. Dee. 1. 21. 28.

1779* Jan. 4.

1778. April 17.

„ 3°* Dec. 4.

9-

*1.

March 11.

May2. I5*

18.

24.

July 8.

August 20. Dec.4.

*7-

21.

June 19.

24.

March 16.

A/«y 2.

19.

c 3°-or/». 10.

4.

May 2.

Vol. 37.

To Thomas Harley and Henry Drummond, Esquires, in full of a Warrant for £. 104,570. 5J. 7</. to be by them applied and invested in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Ufo and Service of His Majesty’s Forces serving in North America - - ... - . - 66,920 12 —

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - - 39,974 9

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - *-111,306 ip 11

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - - 50,000 — —

To Ditto, for Ditto Service ..... 100,000 — —

To Ditto, for Ditto Service To Ditto, for Ditto Service

- 86,690 11

- 80,808 15

2

5

To Sir William James, Baronet, Abel Smithy ’

Atkinson, Esquires, for Provisions delivered into at Corkre. For the Use of the Forces serving rica ——

To Ditto, upon Account -

To Ditto, for Provisions delivered at Quebec -To Ditto, for Ditto, delivered into Store Houses at Montreal and Quebec, for the Use of the Forces serving in Canada -

To Ditto, for Provisions delivered in Store at Corke To John Henniker, Will9 Mills, , and

George Wombwell, Esquires, on Account of their Execution of the Contract, for delivering Provisions at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in America -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Mefirs. Wombwell, Henniker, and Devaynes, upon Account ----- ?

To Ditto, for Provisions delivered in Store at Corke--To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Litto, for Ditto Service -

To Sir George Wombwell, Baronet, John Henniker, and Willm Devaynes, Esquires, upon Account -

To Dilto, for Provisions delivered in Store at Corke -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To John Amy and, Esquire, for Provisions delivered in Store at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in North

America -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To John Durand, Esquire, on Account of his Contract for delivering Provisions into His Majesty’s Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in North America - -

To Ditto, for Provisions delivered in Store at Corke To Ditto, upon Account - -

To Ditto, for Provisions delivered in Store at Corke To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - - _ -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, upon Account -

To Ditto, for Provisions delivered in Store at Corke To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Robert Mayne, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into His Majesty’s Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving under General Howi, in America -

Baynes, and Richard His Majesty’s’ Stores in North Ame-3,250 iS 7 30,000 — — *

I3>7?9

52,056 13>3*i

17

16 4

to,517 5 6

9,904 8 6i

[2,000 —

'5>647 16 IO

8,154 10 —

12,817 2 6

5»534 16 4

10,844 *7 4

13,700 — —

5.5° 7 6 10

4,161 8 4

*»5°3 5 10

6,485 13 1

4,554 11

*,499 2 4

1,078 *7

2,000

966 6 2

6,000 — —

1,138 3 1

2,238 10 9

7,821 8 6

6,277 18 1

7>275 — —

5,288 6 —

2,146 4 6

*57 7 2

535»701 7 7

- 1

t

'I

r

t

a*4

i?° Martii.

1 7.7P-

Ditei of Warrant*.

1778. A% 15. 19.

Ai/gtf 26. Dec. 4.

A% a.

*5

To Robert Mayne, Esquire, upon Account -

ToDitto, forProvifioRs delivered in Store at Carie -To-Ditto, for Ditto Service . - -

To "Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, upon Account - - *

To Ditto, for Provisions delivered in Store at Corke -To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into Sitorehouses at Corke, for the Dfe of (lie Forces serving tinder General Howe, in America -To Ditto, upon Account

July 17. To jDitto, for Provisions delivered in Store at Corke

i9.

3°-

10.

18.

4*

9*

March 23.

Sept.

Dec.

May 15.; a«u June 18.

J«b I-

I7*

30.

August to Sep. 10. Dec. 4.

To Ditto, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at ftfr the U& of ."the Forces serving under ’General Howe, rkAmeHcs - ' * - -

To Dittos <for Ditto Service - - *

To Ditto? for Ditto-Service.

To birto, for Ditto, Service- - - - *

To Ditto, upon Account -

To Ditto,- far Provisions delivered in Store at Corke -To |Arnold Pfe/Htp, Adam Drummond, and Moses , ^Iquires, on Account of Provisions delivered in Store at Corke:

To Ditto, upon Account *

To Ditto? for Prowfiens- delivered in Store at Corke To Ditto, for Ditto Service'

Mar.

18.

21.

4*

23. Sep. 10.

Mar.

April 10. June 1

July 21.

Dec. 9.

March 8.

18.

To Ditto,' Sot Ditto Service- - -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To pitta,-for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, upon Account - -

To Ditto, for Provisions delivered in Stone at Corke -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To pitta, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service ..

To Ditto, in Part for victualling feme of the Forces in North America, being Prisoners am.jngit the -Rebels in the Province of PenJ'ylvania and Virginia, from 26th March 76 to4th November1 777 - -

To Ditto, in full for -Ditto Service, from Ditto to Ditto -

To Pitta, upon Account, for victualling Part of the Forces, being Prisoners amongst the Kebels in the Province of Pensylvania, Maryland, and Virginia, between 3th January 1777 and 24th April 177-8 - -To Rich.'1, Vernon Sadleir, Esquire, for Provisions issued to the Forces at Halifax and in Nova Scotia, between 16th September and 13th October 1777 " " *

To Pitta, for Provisions-issued at Ditto, between nth November 1777 and 5th January 1778, inclusive - -

To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Forces at Halifax add in Nova Scotia, between 6th January and 2d March 1778 - - ..

To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Forces in,

and adjacent Commands, -commencing 24th June and et>ding2ift July 1777,-and also the 3d and 27 th

April ry78, inclusive -

To Ditto,-for Provisions issued to the Forces at Halifax, in Nova Scotia, between zSth April^.nd 17th 1778,

bdth inclusive -

To Jpbn Stephenson, Esquire, for Provisions issued in the Gar-rilon at Placentia, in Newfoundland, between ill 1776 and 30th September 1777 - -

To Ditto,-for Provisions -issued to the Troops at Halifax, between 1.6th July and-9th September 1777 To Ditto, for Provisions issued at Halifax, and adjacent Commands, between 8th OEiob and 4th November 1777, inclusive; and for Provisions issued in the Garrison at «?A John’s Newfoundland, between 30th September and 2 Stb November 1777 - .

To Ditto, for Ditto issued to the Troops at Halifax, between 5th November and 30th December 1777 *

6,000 — * —

9>33& 12 5

5>I27 13 8

5,610 9 —

7>275 — —

6>334 9 4

666 6 2

6,000 — - —

7,821 8 6

i.37i 11 3

4 4

5,189 >3 7

7*837 1.1 6

7 »3 5° — —

4-7 63 II

3-93* n 5

12,000 — *- — 4

4,782 17 11

*7-457 12

I-,37 *7 - —

2,048 2

12,689 10 8

5-838 — (

12,646 *9 4

13,700

5-78+ 9

636 8,916 6>365

2

6

2

9

- 10,000 — —

1,261 r-6 9

8,000 — —

498 7 4

984 19 8

980 10 7

1,437 "

136 2 —

181 —

3,266 9 6

2,215 19 4

3,693 9 3

Geo. Ill

12° Martii.

225

19

Dates of Warrants.

To John Stephenson, Esquire, for Provisions issued to the Troops at Fort Cumberland and , between

24th July 1777 and 26th December following To Ditto, for Ditto issued to the Troops at,

between 31st December 1777 and 24th February 1778, both inclusive -

To Ditto, for Ditto issued to the Troops at D*, to 24th March 1778, and for Ditto delivered at be-

tween 20th September 1776 and 25th March following -

July at. To Ditto, for Ditto issued to the Troops at Halifax, and adjacent Commands, in Nova Scotia, commencing 18th June 1777 and ending 21st April 1778, inclusive -

30. To John Stephenson and John , Esquires, by

Way of Advance, upon their Con trad for victualling Nova Scotia - .

Dec. 4. To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Troops at Halifax, and adjacent Commands, in Nova Scotia, between 20th December 1777 and 8th September 1778, inclusive -

To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Forces at St. John’s, Newfoundland, commencing 12th and

ending 30th September 1778, inclusive 9. To Ditto, for Ditto issued at Placentia and St. John’s, Newfoundland, between 7th August 1778 and 28th October following; also 'for a Quantity of Flour condemned at Placentia, having remained in Store upwards of Six Months 21. To Ditto, upon Account -

Mar. 18. To John Stephenson and John Esquires, for

Provisions issued to ^he Forces in West Florida, between 24th February and 24th April 1777; and for Provisions damaged and condemned at Mobile To Ditto, for vidua! ling the , Forces in Ditto, between 25th April and 24th June 1777 - - - -

To Ditto, for victualling the Forces in D*, between 2sth June and 2.1th 1777

To Ditto, for victualling the Forces in D#, between 2 ^th Augujland 24th October 1777 -

May 2. To Ditto, lor a Loss sustained by issuing the Article of

Butter at Pofacola, between 25th June 1775 and 24th June 1777 ', for victualling the Civil Branch of Ordnance, between iff. April and 30.1 1777;

and for Provisions condemned at in September - -

July30. To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Forces at Pen-facola, between 25th December 1776 and 31st December 1777 -

Augijl 7. To Ditto, upon Account -

To Ditto, to complete their Advance -To Ditto, far Provisions issued to Elias Durnford, and 5 Men, belonging to his Boat, and Artificers, victualled under his Direction, between ift June 1776 and 13th August 1777; for Provisions issued to the Forces in West Florida, between 25th December 1777 and 23d February 1778; and for Provisions condemned by long keeping -Feb. 25. To Kender Mason, Esquite, surviving Contractor for victualling the Forces in upon Account

Mar. 4. To Ditto, upon Account -

May ix. To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Forces in the Garrison of St. Augustine, to 24th June *777; for Provisions issued to the said Forces, from 24th August to 24th December 1777; for Provisions issued to the Out Bofts dependant on the said Garrisons, between said Time; and for Four Days Supply, due as per Report of 6th December 1777 -

June 3, To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Forces in the Garrison of St. AuguJiine, between 25th December 1777

and 23d February 1778} for Provisions issued to the Out Posts, dependant on the said Garrison, between the said Time; and for Provisions furnished for 3 Days-V°t* 37- 3 M

m8-

May 2.

June 19.

24.

574 5 I0f 2,777 18 r

220 16 3

3>785 *7 5

17,500 -

ii,347 -

671 18 9

583 6 —

10,000 — - —

1,321 7 6

1,236 18 — "

1,268 II 2 <

1,477 I. ~ -

892 9 — 1

1,696 14 7

2.625 -

2.625 -

2,131 12 5

1,815 6 8

2,000----

5,538 — 10

beyond

226

ii° Ma.

A. 1779.

Dates of Warrant!.

1778.

July 30.

1779*

7<j«. 4.

1778.

March 16.

June 19.

/)«. 4.

beyond 20th February 1778, the Time of Expiration

of Contract....

To Keuder Mason, Esquire, upon Account

To Ditto, for Expences in landing Provisions at Augustine, in September 1778

To John Durand, Esquire, on Account of his Con-

trad for victualling the Ceded Wands To Ditto, for z Years Allowance for Freight of Provisions to the Ceded Wands -To Ditto, in Part of £.7,807. 2 2 for victualling

the Ceded Wands, between ill October 1777 and 10th January 1778 -

To Ditto, in Part of £.1,079. for Ditto Ser-

vice -

To Ditto, for 2 Years Freight of Provisions in the Ceded Wands, to ift October 1778

2,174 12 15,000-----

147

8 6

13,000-----

2.000 -

7.000 -

2.000 — —

t,000 -

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Forces serving in North America, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland, &c. apply the Sum voted upon El-tinute 1778, for that Service - 66,8x7 16 3

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Forces serving in die Ceded Wands, apply the Sum voted upon D°

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Foreign Troops serving in North America, apply the Sum voted upon D® -Also the Sum flopped for Provisions delivered to the said Forces between 25th June 1777 and 24th

June 1778 ..... 155,952

628,609 J9

H

17,684 5 —

47,160 13 3

4i

1778. Feb. 5

287,614 15 ic

26.

March 6.

23. April 2.

J5*

3°-

To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for the 5th Payment of Freight to sundry Ships employed in carrying Provisions and Stores to America, for the Use of the Forces there -To Ditto, for the 6th Payment of D° to D*

To Ditto, for the 7th Payment of D* to D°

To Ditto, for the final Payment of D" to D#

To Ditto, for the final Payment of D* to D® -To Ditto, for the Fourth Payment of Freight to sundry Provision Transports -

To Ditto, for the Fifth Payment of D -

To Ditto, for the Sixth Payment of D® to D® -To Ditto, for the final Payment of D® to D®

To Ditto, for D° Service -

To Ditto, for the Fourth Payment of D® to D°

To Ditto, for the Sixth Payment of D" to D® -To Ditto, for the Seventh Payment of D® to D®

To Ditto, for the final Payment of D® to D®

To Ditto, for D® Service -

To Messrs. Dunlop and Wilson, for the Freight of the Sloop Fincastle, employed in Virginia, from 30th July 1776 to 14th June1777

May 21. 28.

To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for the 6th Payment of Freight to sundry Ships employed in carrying Provisions and Stores to America, for the life of the Forces there -

To Ditto, for the Seventh Payment of D® to D®

To Ditto, for the final Payment of D® to D*

To Ditto, for Three Months advanced Freight to sundry Victuallers and Store Ships -

June 13. To Ditto, for the Sixth Payment of Freight to sundry Ships employed in car Provisions and Stores to America, for the Use of the Forces there To Ditto, for the Seventh Payment of D® to D®

To Ditto, for the Eighth Payment of D® to D®

To Ditto, for the final Payment D® to D® -

3,402 15 9

i>494 11 9

1,162 3 6

u.371 9 2

3>9°3 — 10

4*3 8 6 1 4

3>3°8 18 —

1,469 4 3

9*154 16 —

7>7Sl 16 1

1,531 7 7

3.99t 9 9

*.357 11 3

1,596 14 5

1 3

597 7 —

11,470 15 4

2,403 — 3

4>9l6 1 x 1

*0,167' 7 1

00 14 3

1,125 7 7

456 *5 —

6,732 5 8

A4°>995 3 r®

To

12" Martii,

19 Geo.

Dates of Warrants.

1778.

Ju 25.

8.

August 7.

Sept. 2.

10.

October 21.

Nov. 5.

18.

Dff. 18.

1779.

12.

1778.

7«/y 24.

duguji 7. October

2 779-

yw. 12.

1778.

26.

April 28.

A/rtj 15. 5.

Vol. 37.

III.

To Meflis. Mure, Son, and for the Payment of Freight to sundry Ships employed in carrying Provisions and Stores to America, for the Use of the Forces there -

To Ditto, for the Fifth Payment of D® to D® -To Ditto, for the Sixth Payment of D® to D°

To Ditto, for the Seventh Payment of D° to D®

To Ditto, for the final Payment cf D° to D°

To Ditto, for Two Months advanced Freight to sundry Ships employed in carrying Oats to for the Service of the Army there -To Ditto, for Two Months advanced Freight to sundry Ships employed in carrying Stores and Provisions to North America, for the Service of the Army there -

To Ditto, for the Fifth Payment of Freight to sundry Provision Transports -To Ditto, for the Seventh Payment of Ditto to Ditto To Ditto, for the Eighth Payment of Ditto to Ditto To Ditto, for Two Months advanced Freight to sundry Provision Transports, employed in carrying Provisions and Oats to America -To Ditto, for the final Payment of Freight to sundry D°, employed in D# Service -To Ditto, for the 7th Payment of Freight to sundry Provision Transports -

To Ditto, for the 8th Payment of D° to D®

To Ditto, lor Two Months advanced Freight to sundry D°, employed in carrying Provisions and Oats to America -

To Ditto, for D* Service

To Ditto, for the 7th Payment of D° to D®

To Ditto, for the 8th Payment of D* to D® -

To Ditto, for the 9th Payment of D® to D®

To Ditto, for the 6th Payment of D° to D®

To Ditto, for the 7th Payment of D' to D®

To Ditto, for the Sth Payment of D® to D" - „ -

To Ditto, for advanced Freight to sundry Ships To Ditto, for the final Payment of Freight to the Ship Prince of Wales -

To Ditto, for Two Months advanced Freight to sundry Ships -

To Ditto, for the 6th Payment of Freight to sundry D® -

To Ditto, for the 8th Payment of D® to D®

To. Ditto, for the 9th Payment of D® to D®

To Ditto, for the final Payment of D® to D®

To Ditto, for Freight of sundry D®

To Ditto, for D® -

327

16,189 9

4,386 1 4

1,901 *7 1

1,283 19 6

7,168 5 4

4,344 12 1

2,154 12 10

*>531 7 7

3,048 16 1

833 11 4

1,780 14 4

4,088 19 3

6,196 11 6

2,403 mmmm 3

5*774 10 9

2,627 4 6

i>875 4 3

1,125 7 7

456 *5 —

4,386 x 4

x,9CI 17 1

1,283 *9 6

4»5°7 16 4

1,172 12 11

i*554 3 4

M31 7 7

3>°48 16 1

833 11 4

11,652 3 9

4*5 61 3 1

1,518 13 10

To Messrs, Mure, Son, and Atkiufon, for the Armament of Transports employed in carrying Provisions to America, and for Provisions and Ac-

commodations on board them To Ditto, for D°/Service To Ditto, for D® Service To D tto, for D° Service To Ditto, for D° Service

To Ditto, for D° Service

8,635

2>359

*,345

9*958

7»797

10,999

16

12

4

5

12

8

6

xo

7

To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkiufon, for the Value of sundry Ships taken in carrying Provisions to America - 6,906 17 6

To Peter Perchard, Merchant, for the Hire of the Snow

Friends, at Quebec, from 20th June 1777 to the 7th October following ---- 408 9 8

To Richard Littlezvort, for the Detention of the Ship General Thomas, from nth November 1775 to 14th

Ma\ 1776 -.....460 4 8

To William Gickie, for Expenses of the Lady William

Schooner, employed in South Carolina in the Year 17 75 - -- -- - 794 18 7

246,746 911

41,095 ia 10

f*

228 12° Martii.

Dates of Warrants.

77s-

June 13. To John Ingram, Merchant, for John Goodrich and

C*, for the Hire of the Fanny Schooner, in from 22d December 1775 to 30th May 1776; and for the Hire of the Sloop Lord , in from 13 th February 1776 to 16th April following - - 405 7 10

To Ditto, for the Value of the Fanny Schooner, taken by the Rebels, in Virginia, on the 30th May 1776 - 780----

25. To Mefirs Mure, Son, and At, for the Value of the Ship Elizabeth, taken by the Rebels - - 2,490 2 8

July 2. To Mefirs. Abram Lopez Fernandez and C#, for the

Hire of the Brigantine Reb, from 2d January 1776 to August following - - - 138 77

To Mefirs. Robinfonand Bowman, for the Hire and Value of the Sloops Beifey and Liberty, employed in Virginia 977 12 1

8. To Mefirs. Gervaiceand Sebatier, for the Detention of the Brigantine Lovely Kitty, at Quebec, from 30th November 1775 to x4 ^lay 1776 - 407 17 3

31. To Mefirs. Allen, Marlar, and C°, in full for the Hire

of the Ship Lord Dunluce, employed in Virginia, from 12th May 1776 to 7th November iollowing - - 252 4 8

Augujl7. To Mefirs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for the Value of the Ship Mary and Francis, which was burnt by a Rebel Privateer on the Coast of Nova Scotia - 3,034 4 10

To Henry Gouch, for the Value of the Brigantine John and Elizabeth, destroyed by the Rebels at the Siege > of Quebec, in the Month of December 1775 - - 800 — —

12. To Mefirs. John Motteux and C#, for the Use of Hector M AliJler and John Robertson, for the Hire of the Sloop 7o/;«,employed and burnt m Virginia00 1776 - 265 — —

Nov. 5. To Mefirs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for the Value of the Ship North Star, employed in carrying Oats to North America, which has been taken by the Rebels 1,015 — — 18. To Ditto, for the Value of the Ship Nancy, taken by

D° whilst employed in D® Service ... 1,522 10 —

To Thomas Burfoot, Esquire, for 9 Days Detention of the Ship Hellespont, at New York - - - 34 — —

1778. „ ——

May 28. To John Nutt, Merchant, for 18 Barrels of Rice, taken or destroyed at Savannah, in Georgia -

June 13. To Mefirs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for the Hire and Maintenance of

Extra Seamen, put on Provisions and Stores rica -To Ditto, for D* Service To Ditto, for D° Service To Ditto, for D° Service To Ditto, for D° Service To Ditto, for D° Service To Ditto, for D° Service To Ditto, for D° Service To Ditto, for D° Service To Ditto, for D" Service

To Ditto, for D° Service

Board fund 17 Ships employed in carrying for the Use of the Forces in Ante-

„ 2*

July 8.

24.

Augujl7.

3*

October 21.

Nov. 5.

30-

Dec. 18.

1779-

Jan. 12.

1778.

Feb. 1 9.

in America

June 24. To John Blackburn, Esquire, for 10,129 Gallons of Antigua Rum, for the Use of the Forces in D° -Sept. 2 8.To Mefirs. Mure, Son, and , in Part of Payment for 233,434 Gallons of Rum, delivered for the Use of the Forces in D*

- - - - 4.279 xo 3

- - - - 5,320 4 xo

- - - 1.499 10 4

- - - 3.958 — 11

- - ’ - - 4.624 11 10

- - - - 2,529 11 7

- - - - 2,410 19 6

- - - - 2,838 14 2

- - - 5.678 2

- " - 3.703 — 6

- - - 6.343 7 3

To Mefirs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for a Quantity of Rum delivered

60,000-----

*>5I9 7 —

41,500----

March 27. To Arnold Nesbitt, Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks, Esquires, in Discharge of a Balance due to them for Oats and split Peas, shipped for Boston, for the Use of the Army in America - 1,926 17 6

3 r. To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for sundry Cargoes of Coals, shipped for North America, for the Service of the Forces there ----- 3,844 *7 s

April 13. To Tho‘ Harley, Esquire, for Blankets and Watch Coats, provided for the Service of the Forces in North America - - _ - - - 9,662 12 3

A. 1779-

*0,712 t 7 4

1:

43.195 11 4

103,019 7 —

To

ip Geo. III.

Pates of Warrants.

i 2° Ma.

22$

1778*

April30.

May i x.

21.

28.

June 13. 3*

25-

7«/y 8.

23*

24.

Argvft $1.

Sept. 2. October 1

21.

27. Dec. 24.

X779.

7"«- 7.

12.

1778.

April 15.

Avgvjl 2I.

Dec. 9.

To >/;» Trotter, Esquire, for Ilolpital Bedding, and divers Utensils, for the Use of the Forces at New York -

To Ditto, for D% for the Use of the Hospital at Halifax - -

To EclvA Lewis, Esquire, for a Balance due to him

for remitting Money to tire Forces in from 25th Aug iff 1775 to 24th December 1777 -To Mefi’rs. Mure, Son, and Merchants, for

Damages and Coifs recovered against them for De-, murrage of the Ship Earl of Suffolk - -

To MelFrs. Adair and Bullock, to be paid over to the Wives or Attornies of sundry Artificers employed in Canada, for 3 Months, from 10th March last -To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for Coals sent to America, for the Service of the Troops there - -

To Ditto, for D° Service -To Ditto, for D° Service - -

To Ditto, for D° Service -

To Mefl’rs. Adair and Bullock, to be paid over to the Wives or Attornies of sundry Artificers employed in Canada, for 3 Months, from 10th June 1778 -

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for Coals sent to America, for the Use of the Troops there -To Me firs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for Vinegar sent to America, for the Use of the Troops there To Sir Henry Clinton, for an Equipage as Commander in Chief in America -

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for Coals lent to America, for the Use of the l roops there -To John Graham, Esquire, for so much advanced by him lor Pay and Subsistence of a Troop of Rangers, in the Province of Georgia, in the Year 1775 To Robert Gilmour, for the V alue of a Printing Prels, taken for the Service of Government at New York To Mdfrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for Oats lent to America, for the Use of the Forces there To Ditto, for D° Service -To Ditto, for D" Service -

To Francis Leggs, Esquire, Governor of Nova Scotia, to reimburie him sundry Expences incurred in that Province - - - - -1 -

To Ml firs. Alure, Son, and Atkinson, for Cannon and

Stores dripped for Corke, to be employed in completing the Armament of Victuallers there -To Anthony Bacon F.iquire, for Coals sent to America, for the Use of the Troops there -To Sir Guy Carle ton, for an Equipage as a Major General in Canada -

To Colonel Harry Gordon, for Balance of his Account as Engineer in North America -

To Robert Adair, Esquire, being the Balance of his contingent Dilbuilenunts for the Sick of the Army in North America, to June 1777 -

To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for Oats, sent to America, for the Forces there -To Ditto, for Cancles, lent to D#

To fitto, for Gunpowder, Shot, and Stores, shipped for Corke, to be there applied for the Armament of Ships -

5,254 8 10

1,322 11 —

764 8 —

2,627 7 x

104 15 6

5.103 5 3

2,888 19 3

1,855 12 10

745 -

104 15 6

3,965 10 10 2,099 ~ 1

1,000 — —

559 18 —

579 18 9

647 3 xo£

7>925 5 ~

9,406 4 6

13,871 xx 8

284 3 7

2,855 11 6

805 16 — 500-----

977 — 4

113 *4 7

3.896 4 9 1,737 12 4

1,485 4 9

To Will" Knox, Esquire, for providing Presents for Indians bordering on the Colonies in Notth America - 14,167 — 4

To Ditto, for D° Service ----- 6,975 " —

To Ditto, for D® Service ----- 4,766 5 2

March31. To the Landgrave of Hesse Caff el, in full for Levy Money, for 1,067

Recruits, furnillied by him in the Year 1777 To the Hereditary Prince of Hesse Cassel, in full for JD°, for 101 Recruits, furnished by him, D° Year June 5. To Ditto, to complete Levy Money, for 68 additional Chall'turs, in the Year 1777 -

Vol. 37. 3N

3>7°2 8

229 1 10

474 10 3

88,915 11 2}

25,908 5 6

To

-°3°

Dates of Warrant'. 1778.

12

Martii.

%l) 24- To the Prince of MIA for Levy Money, for 8$ Recruits to the Regiment of in the Year,

1777

1778-

To Ditto, for D°, for 139 D® to D", ir» the Year 1778 To the Landgrave of Hejfe C, for Levy Money, for 270 Recruits for his Troops - " " *

To the Hereditary Prince of//# G#A for D% for 224 D'for the Flattau Troops....

635

1,003 1 >949

5 ~

8

1,617 -

Feb. 9. To Bil’s of Exchange, drawn by Sir Cartoon, for Pub ic Services - 8»44* 5

June 25. To Ditto, for D’ Service -October 11. To Ditto, for D" Service -

*75----

10,300-----

October 12. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Fred*

Esquire, for Public Services - 1,000-----

18,9x6 5 —

1779-

J.'iit. 18. To D°, for D® Service 1778.

241 1 11

June 25. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by , Esquire,

' for Public Services - - 2,740 10

1779.

Jan. 18. To Ditto, for D° Service - - 400----

1770. — ! '

October 12. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Patrick Tonyn, Esquire, 1 for Public Services -k - 3,000----

*779- ’ '

Jan. 1 8. To Ditto, for D® Service - - 8,523 8 7

1778- " ~

Feb. 9. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Witt* Fry on, Esquire, for Public Services - - - 3,000 — —

June ii.To Ditto, for D" Service - - 3,000 — —

October 12. To Ditto, for D® Service - - 1,000 — —

1779-

Jan. 18. To Ditto, for D® Service - - 1,500 — —

1778.

1,241 1 ix

3,140 10 —

11,523 8 7

Feb. 9. To bilb of Exchange, drawn by Robert Esquire,

for Public Services - - 2,000 — —

June25. To Ditto, for D® Service - - 5,000 — —

October 12, To Ditto, for D° Service - - 3,000 — —

1779

Jan. 18. To Ditto, for D® Service - - 4,000 — _

177S. ——

Feb.9. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by William Esquire, for Public Services - *joo_______

June25. To Ditto, for D° Service - - 7,346 12_

Feb.9. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Andrew

Esquire, for Public Services - 679 4

October 12. To D.tto, for D® Service - - 100 — —

1779*

Jan. 18. To Ditto, for D® Service - - 663 IO.

1778.

Feb. 9. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Stewart, Esquire

f>r Public Services - - ICo, , ‘ ’

T. p»uv„ c„rv.o. 15>974 14 10

8,500 — —

14,000-----

7,846 12 —

*>44* *4 5

17,184 11 12,070 18 5

18,076 3 4

L°°7 7 — i

1,200----

June 2$. To Ditto, for D° Service OSuber iz. To Ditto, for D® Service -1779-

Jan. 18. To Ditto, for D® Service *778. ______________

Feb. 9. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Jofmh Martin, Esquire, for ruolic Services October 12. To Ditto, for D° Service 1779. - '

J«n. 18. To Ditto, for D® Service - -

1778. , 7 0 "

F‘*: driby Pa,r 9*' "5*

250 -

1,7*2 7 3

L949 18 — 1,2-0-----

63,306 8 2\

2,907

for Public Services *

June 2^. Td Ditto, for D"-Service -OB/.er 1 >. Td Ditto, for D® Service -1779-

jan. 18. To Ditto, for D’ Service -

7 X

/ a

>l72 5 3

A. 1779.

9,610 14 7

To

19. Geo.

Dat^s of Warn nts.

hi.

120 Martii.

231

i77».

Ocl. 12.

i?7s-March 21.

Afov 21.

"June 13. Ju/y 24.

>779*

Jamil.

*778-July 8.

To a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Browne,

Inquire, for Public Services -

Services -To Ditto, for D° Service To Ditto, lor D° Service To Ditto, for D° Service ' -

To Geo. Ramus, Gent, to pay Bills of Exchange, drawn on the late Lord fV"‘ Campbell -

650----

hie, for r-j blic

290 10 4

23 + 8 3

406 2 6

1,176 2 6

5 66 6 -

To Captain Scott r.nd Me firs. Cache, to futisfv Bills of Exchange, drawn by General Murray, for Public Service- at Minorca -

Au*uft 5- To Rob1 Knox, Esquire, to pay Biils of Exchange, drawn on him for the ^ubfilience of a Corps ot Ringers, in the Pr wince of EajtFlorida -To Ditto, to pay D", drawn for the Support of Refugees, in the said Province

2,673 9 7

2,528 — 3

2,365 5 —

V97----

1778.

Feb.26.

August 12.

Feb. 9.

- June 25. Otto her 12.

1779.

Jan. 18.

1778.

Feb. 9. June25.

October 1 2.

1779*

Jan. 18. 1778.

June 25.

October r 2. '

17 7 9-

Jan. 18.

1773.

Feb9.

June 25. October 12.

*779-

Jan. 18.

1778.

Feb. 18.

March 4.

16.

_ 27-

May 29.

June 3. VOL. 37.

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by General Elliot, Governor of Gibraltar, for

.....1,769 t8 .7

.....F311 8 3

Public Services there To D°, for D" Service -

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Lord Macartney, for Public Services - 2,oooo — —

To D°, for D® Service - - 2,850 — —

To D®, for D* Service - 2,900 — — -

3,081 6 10

To D°, for D° Service

5*55° ~

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by ’ Shirley, Esquire, for Public Services - 400 — —

To Ditto, for D° Service - - 1,281 10 —

To Ditto, for D° Service - - 4,368-----

13>3°o----

To Ditto, for D° Service

7.500 15 10

To. Bills of Exchange, drawn by John Dal Hay, Esquire, so. Public Services - - 1,049 *8 *f

To Ditto, for D° Service - - 1,000 — —

l3 S5° S *0

To Ditto, for D° Sen-ice

633 16 3

To Ditto, drawn by Dan1 Claus, Esquire, for Public Services -

To Ditto, drawn by Edzv'1 Hay, Esquire, for Public Services -

To Ditto, drawn by Ja' Murray Esquire, for Public Sen-ices -

To Ditto, drawn by John Esquire, fr

Public Services -

To Diito, drawn by John Clarke, Esquire, for Public Services -

2,683 14 4*-

1,500-----

*,357 7 2

1,045 19 — 820 9

904 2 2

To Zachary Philip Fonnercau, Esquire, and Sir Parrel/, Baronet, for

victualling the Forces in the Garrison of Gibraltar, between 7th 1777 and 26th, Octoberlollowing, inclusive -

To Ditto, fur Insurance on Provisions issued totlieGar-ritbn of Gibraltar, between 30th September 1776 and 2-Stii September 1717 inclusive -To Ditto, for victualling the Forces in D®, between 217tii October and 21st December inclusive

To Ditto, upon Account -

To -Ditto, for viiinailing the Forces in the Garrison of Gibraltar, between 22d December and 15th

Febutary 1778 To Ditto, for victualling the Forces in D", between

16th February and 15th March 177 5, inclusive

10,916 6 —

1,607 8 9

5,481 12 — 7,000-----

5,540 iS — 2,741 7 6

147>4,° 7

39,143 4 IX

To

12* Ma

Dates of Warrants.

1778.

June 24.

jWy 21. Not’. 5.

Dec. 21. 23.

1-79.

>* 15. 177a.

7-

*779*

># 15.

To Zachary Philip Founereati, Esquire, and Sir Afrr-rtr& . v.rrell.Baronet, for vi&uailing the Forces in the Garrison of Gibraltar, between 16th March and 12th April 1778 inciulive -To Dit to, for victualling the Forces in D®, between 17th Aprilend 10th May 1778, both inclusive -

To the Represen tat ives of Z. P. tlquire,

anU Sir Merrick Burrell, Baronet, for vi&ualiing the

Forces in D°, between 11th May and 5th 1778 inclusive -To Ditto, for Bills diawn on them, by Order of Governor Elliott, for Frdh Provisions for Gibraltar To Ditto, for D® Service - -

To Ditto, for D° Service -

To Sir George Womb well. Baronet, in Advance on his Contract for vi&ualiing Gibraltar

To Ditto, upon Account -

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the British Regiments at apply the

Sum voted upon Estimate 1778, for that Service - 11,680 — - —

A1 0 the Sum voted upon Estimate 1778, for the Foreign Regiments in that Garrison - 9,364 17 1

2,747 3 ~ 4,765 15 —

5,511 12 6

700 — —

600-----

500-----

10.500 — —

10.500 -

67,182 2 9

1778.

July 15-

Dec. 1. 18.

21,0*4 17 I

1778.

April 14.

May 20. June 3. July 13. Au^nfi 7. Dec. 24.

*77<-

Aiguft 7.

To Samuel Smith, Esquire, to reimburse Mr. Joseph Wall the like Sum expended by him, for the Payment of the Troops at Senegambia -

To Ditto, fir victualling the Forces in Senegambia, between ill July 1776 and 7th April 1777 -

To Ditto, for victualling the Forces in D°

To Ditto, for victualling the Forces in D°, between ift July and 30th September 1777 inclusive

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Co:ps in Africa, apply the Sum voted upon Eiti-mate 1778, for that Service -

979 lS 9

O cn O H 9*

459 6 1

1.275 5 8

6.745 2

2,321 *4 IO

To Tho' Harley, Esquire, on Account, for Provisions sent for the Supply

of the Garrison of Alinorca - - - - 6,000 — —

To Ditto, for U® Service - - D734 17 4

To Ditto, for D° Service - - m - 1.353 6 1

To Ditto, for D® Service - - 4,600 —

To Ditto, for D° Service . - - - - 1.034 14 9

To Ditto, for D® Service m - - - 10,000 — —

i*-3

/ I

Dec. 4. 3.

A lay 20.

To Henry Budd.Gentleman, for fund’ y Provisions lodged in Store Houses, in the Itland of Guernsey- - - - - 1,25 542

To Ditto, for D° Service ----- 1,255 4

October 9. 1778.

Jan. 22.

Feb. 10. March 10.

To SimonFrafer, Esquire, by Way of Advance on his Contract, for supplying Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, to the Forces encamped in the Summer 1778 ----- 50,000 — —

To Ditto, in further Advance - 15,000 — —

To Major General Skene, for sundry Expences incurred by him in the

Embarkation of the Troops at Greenock, in Consequence of his Attendance on that Service - - - 891 2 S{

To Ditto, Dr the 46th Year’s Allowance, for repairing

Roads and Bridges in North Britain - 500 — —

To Sir John Inglis, Baronet, and Tho' Dundas, Esquire,

Executors to the late Colonel A fa fieri on, for Oatmeal, Firing, Candles, &c. furnished to the Forces at Fort William, Ca/lle Duart, Fort Atigyflus, Fort

George, and the Barracks at Berneralnverfnaid.

A. 1779.

46,*37 5

4,423 7 Si

24,722 18 2

2,510 8 4

45,000 — —

Corgaff

i9 Geo. III.

129 Martii.

m

Date* of Warrants.

1773.

March 20.

April 1.

>778-

Jan. 30.

Cor gaff 2nd Bramtirj and the Out Post Stations in

their ISfeighbourhood, from ift January 1777 to 3.1th December following, both inclusive To the Duke of Argyll, for the like Sum expended by him, on divers OccasionSj for the Good of the Service in North Britain - -

To William Simpfan, Esquire, for a Bill of Exchange,

drawn by him as Calhief of the Royal Bank of Scotland - -

2,63s 16 7

300 —

4?9 17 9

.4,809 17 — i

FV£. 9. 21.

March to April 7.

3°.

13.

20.

To Colonel Wynyard, for providing Quarters, Coals, and Candles, for the

Officers of the first Battalion of the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards, doing Duty in the Tower - -

To Lieut. Governor IVemyfs, for Coals, Candles, for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from to 31st December 1777 -

To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for Ditto, for the N Forces in Landguard Fort, from 25th June 1777 to

24th December following -To Joft.ua Darwin, for D°, for the Use of the Forces at TynmonthBarracks -

To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, for D*, for the Troops in the Citadel of Plymouth and Saint Nicholas Island, to 24th December 1777 - -

To E. B. De la Fontain, Esquire, for D*, for the Forces in the Savoy Barracks, from 25th 777 to 24 December following -To Andreev Clinton, Esquire, upon Account, to enable him to provide D% for the Forces in Plymouth Dock -

To Lieut. Governor Corbett, for Coals for Companies of Invalids doing Duty in the Island of Jersey, for One Year, from Lady Day 1778 -To Ditto, for Candles, provided for D* -To Captain George Brifac, for Coals, Candles, (Ac. furmlhed by him, to the Forces quartered in Chatham Barracks, from 5th October 1777 to 5th

'17* ‘; ....

To Tho*Best, Esquire, for Coals, Candles, (Ac. for the

Troops quartered in Dover Castle, from 25th

1777 to 24th June 177S -

To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, for D#, for the Tioops

in the Citadel of Plymouth and Saint Nicholas Island,

from 25th December 1777 to 24th June 1778

To Lieut. Governor IVcmyfs, for D*, for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from I ft January 1778 to 3 t March following, both inclusive -August 17. To Ditto, for D®, from »ft April 177S to 30th June following, bnh inclusive -To E. B. De la Fontain, Esquire, for supplying additional Companies and Recruits in the Savoy Barracks with D°, between 24th December 1777 and 25 th June 1778 31. To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for D°, for the Forces in Landguard Fort, from 25th December 1777 to 24th June1778, both inclusive To Lieut. Governor , for Coals for 5 Compa-

nies of Lord Mc Leod’s Regiment of Foot, doing Duty at Jerseylfrom 6th June 1778 to 25 th March 1779 -

OScber 30. To Lieut. Governor , for Coals, Candles,

£ Ac.for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from ift July 1778 to 30th following

To Capt. George Brifac, for D*, for the Forces in Chatham Barracks, from 5th April 1778 to 5th October following -

404 10

il$ 12 6

103 19 4

*77 i Si

94 6 s

*39 16 3

500 — —

2 75 t r 6

27 4 6

A7$ 3 4

818 6 2i

410 M r>

253 5 6

191 3

194 5 7

108 3

364 2 6

*7*9-Jan. 13.

191 *7 "

1,391 14 1

*5-

To Andrezv Clinton, Esquire, upon Account, to enable him to provide D°, for the Forces in Plymouth Dock To D.tto, for D®, for the Troops quartered in Plymouth Citadel and Saint Nicholas Island, to 24th December 1778 - -

500 —

81 10

Vo£.

37-

7,82* 12 — g

To

234

Dates of Warrants. 1778.

F 28. M 11.

1777.

Dec. 31.

*77 8.

>« 30.

31-

Feb. 9.

14.

21.

26.

28.

March 6.

12.

20.

3°*

31-

April 1.

a8.

3°-

Afdv 5

12" Martiu,

To the Earl of Panmure, for Graft Money, for the 2d Regiment of Dragoons, in the Summer 1777 - x6^ 2 —

To Sir John Mordaunt, for D*, for the 10th Regiment of D\ in the Summer 1776 - 353 13 $

To Ditto, for D°, in the Summer 1777 - - - 126 5 —

To General Elliot, for D\ for the i 5th Regiment of

D*, in D* Summer - - - , - 734 4 —

To Ditto, for Extra Feeding of his Regiment of D*>

in the Year 1777- - - - - . - 300 — —

To Frndk IVilr Hecht, for 181 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in America, from 2d November 1776 to 2d May 1777 181 — —

To Major General Morrison, for 118 Days Additional Pay, as Quarter Master General, from 29th 1777 to 24th December following . - . - _ -

Td John Fenton, Esquire, for 184 Days Pay as Captain of William and Mary Castle, from 6th July 1777 to 5th January 1778 -

To Colonel Gabriel Chi file, for 507 Days Pay as Quat ter Master General in 14th

1776 to 2d August 1777 - -To Lieut. Colonel Townsend, for 183 Days Pay as Su-j erintendant of the Recruiting Service, to 24th December 1777 - -

To James Napier, Esquire, for 183 Days Pay as Su-perintendant General of flofpttals in America,

to D*....

To William Hecht, Gent, for 184 Days Pay as Assistant Commissary in America, from 3d May to 2d November 1777 -

To Robert Gordon, Esquire, for 92 Days Pay as Commissary at Corke, from 22d Nov.mber 1777 to 21st February 1778 - - .

To Major General Faucitt, for 92 Days Pay as Commissary in Germany, from 3d November 1777 to 2d February x77g - -

To Jonathan Clarke, Gent, for 365 Days Pay as Assistant Commissary in Canada, from 30th March 1776 to 30th Mitrch 1777 - - - t

To Fleeticood Parkhurst, Esquire, for 92 Days Pay as

Depufv Commissary in Cfrom 21 10

20th November 1777 To Capt. Richard Rally, for 365 Days Pay for superintending the Embarkation of Parlies, Horses, Stores, &c. for the Armies in North America, from 11 th March 17 :7 to 10th March 1778, both inclusive - -

To Major General Haldimand, for 269 Days Pay as I.ilpedor General of the Forces in the from 25th December 1776 to 19th September 1777 -

To James Christie, Gent, for 365 Days Pay as Assistant Commissary in Am2 j April 1776

to and for the 21 April 1777 - -

To John Morrison, Esquire, for 91 Days Pay as Deputy Commissary in D*, from 25th September to 24th December 1777, both inclusive -To Major General Rainsford, for 60 Days Pay as Commissary for muttering Foreign Troops, from ift vember 1777 to 31st December following To Jonathan Clarke, Gent, for 184 Days Pay as Assistant Commissary in America, from 31st March 1777 to 30th September following, both inclusive -

To Peter Paumier, Esquire, for 183 Days Pay as Deputy Commislaiy in D% from 3d April 1777 to 2C^ Octoberfollowing, both inclusive -

To Capt. Andrew Frafer, for 177 Days Pay as Commissary at Dunkirk, from 11 th October 1777 to 5th April 1778, both inclusive -To Lieut. Robert Simonton, for 227 Days Allowance as Agent to the Transports in Virginia, and as Capt.

118-----

184 — —

5°7-----

274 10 —

5+9-----

184 — > —

365-----

*38-----

182 10 — 672 10 —

365-----

136 10 —

180 — —

184 — —

274 10 — 265 10 —

A- *779i

i>68t 4 6

and

12° Martii\

ip Geo. III.

Dares of Warrants.

1778.

arul Commander of the armed Sloop from

21st December 1775 to 4 1776

May lit To Sir James Napier, for 91 Days Pay as Superin* tendant General of Hospitals in , from

25th December 1777 to 25th March 1773 - *

To Colonel William hoy, for 182 Days Pay for ftiper-intending Stores lent to , from 14th

1777 to 13th April 1778, both inciufive -12. To Major General Faufor 89 Days Pay as Commissary in Germany, from 3d February to 2d 1778, both inciufive - - *- -

15. To Dan1 IVier, Esquire, for 363 Days Pay as Super-intendant and Director of Forage, Provisions, iAc. iri North America, from ift February 1777 to ift February 1778 - -

ii. To Gregory Towftjhend, Gent* for 184 Days Pay

as Assistant Commissary in , from 4th

May 1777 to 3d November following, both inciufive — - -

To Robert Gordon, Esquire, for 89 Days Pay as Com* miflury at Corke, from 2 2d February to 21st May

1770, both inciufive - - - - *

"To John Morrifen., Esquire, for 96 Days Pay as De*

puty Commissary in ,from 25th December

1777 to 24 March 1778, both inciufive *

To Jonathan Clarke, Gent, for 181 Days Pay as Assistant Commissary in D°j from ift October 1777 to 30 March 1778, both inciufive - *

June i3‘ To Peter Paumier, Esquire, for 182 Days Pay as Deputy Commissary in D°, from 3d October 1777 to 2d April 1778 -

17* To Mr. Vincent Wood, for 541 Days Pay as Surgeon to the Hospital in , from ift January 1776

to 24 June 1777, both inciufive -

18. To William Butler, Gent, for 365 Days Pay as Assistant Comtniflary in North America, from ift November 1776 to ift November 1777 July 13. To Major Hugh Lord, for 365 Days Pay as Commandant at the Illin, from 25th December 1774 to 24th December 1775, both inciufive 31. To Captain John Cle for 785 Days Allowance for assisting in compleating a Plan of North Britain, from ift May 1775 to 24th June 1778, both inclulisre - - - *

August 12, To Major General Faucitt, for 92 Days Pay as Commissary in Germany, from 3d Flay to ad 1778, both inciufive -

31. To Robert Gordon, Esquire, for 92 Days Pay as Commissary at Corke, from 22d of May 1778 to 11 August f.-ilcwir.g, both inciufive -

To (undry General Officers, for an Allowance for reviewing the Militia - -

To Colonel Burgoyne, for 181 Days Pay as Commissary for mustering Foreign Troops in from

28th January 1 778 to 28th July following -To Lieut. Colon J Toiv for the Pay of sundry Officers employed in carrying on the Recruiting Service -

To John Fenton, Esquire, for 181 Days Pay as Cap.-tain and Commander of William and Mary Castle, from 6th January to 5th July 1778, both inciufive ^ept. 3* To George Brindley, Esquire, for 182 Days Pay as Deputy Commissary in America, from 4th October 1777 to 3d April 1778, both inclusive-To Roger John [on, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay as Assistant Commissary in D°, from 20th June 1777 to 20th June 1778 -

it. To Messrs. Rojs and for tire Pay of 11 Surgeons Mates, for the ift Battalion 60th Regiment of Foot, stationed at Jamaica, from 25th June 1777 to 24th December following, both inciufive -

*13 Ip —

£73 — —

364 -

443 —

730----

184 — — 89-----

m — —

181 — —

2?3----

270 10 —

365 -

136 17 6

392 10 — 460 —

92*-----

3,800----

36a- *----

333 4 8

181----

273 -

365----

292 18 10

3>

236

i a° Martii.

A. 1779.

Dates of Warrants.

1778. kept. xi.

12.

*7-

31*

Nov. 5.

19.

To Messrs. Ro/s and Gray, for the Pay of 11 Surgeons Mates for the id Battalion 60th Regiment of Foot, Rationed at Jamaica, from 25th December 1777 to 24th June 1778, both inclusive -To Nath1 Day, Elqube, for 287 Days Pay as Commissary in Canada, from aift September *3777 to 4th July t778, both inclusive -

0Bober 20. To fundiy General and Staff Officers in North America, for the respective Periods therein mentioned To sundry Officers of the Hospital in D°

To F. R. Clarke, Esquire, for Two Years Pay as Su-perinteniant of the Provision Train in America, from ill: June 1776 to 1 ft June 1778 To James Christie, Gent, as Assistant Commissary in

North America, 365 Days Pay, from 3d April -1777 to 2d April 1778, both inclusive -To Ditto, for 133 Days Pay as D°> from 3d April to 13th Argu/l 1778. both inclusive -To F. Parkhurst, Esquire, for 181 Days Pay as De--puty Commissary in Canada, from 21st November

1777 to 20th May 1778....

To James Porteous, Gent, for 2 Years Pay as Assistant Commissary in , from 1 April

1776 to lft April 1778 -

To Major General Faucitt, for 92 Days Pay as Commissary in Germany, from 3d to 2d November

1778, both inclusive -

To John Drummond, Esquire, 182 Days Pay as Deputy Commissary in Canada, from 2d October 1777 to lft April 1778 -

To Robert Gordon, Esquire, for 92 Days Pay as Commissary at Corkre, from 2 2d to 21st November

1778, both inclusive -To James Faryuarfon, Gent, for 2 Years Pay as Commissary in Canad, from 18th September 1776 to 18th September 1778 - -

To Nath1 Day, Esquire, for 78 Days Pay as Commifl'ary in Canada, from 5th July to 20th September 1778, both inclusive -

To Gregory Tuivufend, Esquire. as Assistant Commissary in America, 181 Days Pay, from 4th November 1777 to 3ft May 1778 -

To John Morrison, Esquire, for 184 Days Pay as Com-niilfary in D®, from 23th March to 24th September 1778- -

To WillButler, Esquire, for 343 Days Pay as Assistant Commissary in D®, from 2d November 1777 to 10th OBober177 S - -

To Mr. Vincent Wood, for 365 Days Pay as Surgeon to the Hospital in Canada -To Peter Paumier, Esquire, for 183 Days Pay as D -puty Commissary in America, from 3d April 1778 to 2d October following -To F. R. Clarke, Esquire, for 126 Days Pay as Super-intendant of tire Provision Train in America, from 2d June 1778 to 5th October following, both inclusive -

To Fredk W"‘ Hecht, Gent, for 337 Days Pay as Assistant Commissary in America, from 3d November 1777 to 5th October 1778, both inclusive -

Dec. 7.

11.

21.

24.

1779.

Jan. 7.

t C.

To Major Generals Amherji, Warde, and Sir David Lindsay, for their Trouble and Expence in reviewing His Majesty’s Forces -To sundry Extra General and Staff Officers, arid Officers of the Hospital in Great Britain -To Robert Adair, Esquire, for Balance of Pay of Extra Surgeons Mates in the Ceded Islands, iAc. to 24 December 1777 To George Brindley, Esquire, for 183 Days Pay as Deputy Commissary in America, from 4th April to 3d October 1778, both inclusive - -

277 — 8

574 -

9,039 3 —

3.343 5 — *

730----

365 - -33----

271 10 — *

730----

460 — —

273----

91 — —

7JO — —

156----

181 -

276----

343 -

182 10 —

174 10 —

126 — —

137 "" ~

*,737 10 — 14.703 5 —

45* *4 —

274 10 —

To

'9

Geo. III.

12° Martii.

Dates of Warrant!.

*779*

Jan. i

*5-

»8.

*77S.

7fA. 14.

21.

28.

A/ar. 18.

To John Fenton, Esquire, for 184 Days Pay as Cap.

tain and Commander of William and Mary Cattle, from 6th July 1778 to 5th January 1779, both . inclusive - 184 — —

To Sir Guy Carleton, for 262 Days Pay as Commander

in Chief in Canada, from 25th December 1777 to

12th September 1778 - - - 2,620-----

To Caps. Andrew Frafer, late Commissary at Dunkirk,

for 188 Days Pay, from 6th April 1778 to 10th

October following ---- 282 — - —

365 Days Allowance to Major Haymait Rooke, as Major to the late 98th Regiment of Foot, from 25th

December 1777 to 24th December 1778 - 273 15 — -

365 Days Pay of George Monro, Esquire, as Commissary of Stores in North Britain, from D® to D" - -- -- - 182 to —

365 Days Allowance to Lieut. Colonel Birch, in lieu of a Troop of Light Dragoons, from 23th December 1777 to 24th December 1778 - 282 17 6

365 Days D* to Major General Preston, in lieu of D®, from D’ to D® - - - - 282 17 6

363 Days D® to Admiral Montagu, as Governor of Newfoundland, t£c. from 13th March 1777 to 14th March 1778- - - - - 547 10 —

To One Year’s Allowance to Lewis Lochee, being His Majesty’s Royal Bounty for the Year 1778 - - too — —

To One Year’s D® to John Campbell, Esquire, as Super-intendant and Inspector of Indian Affairs in the Province of Quebec, from 2d October 1777 to 2d October 1778 - -- -- - 300----

To James Meyrick, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commis-

honed Officers and Private Men of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon’s and Paymaster’s Allowances, from

)L.

37-

25th June 1777 to 24th following

To Messrs. AnderJ'on and Co. to enable them to reimburse D® of the 42d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D* to D®

To Sir J. A. Ougkton, to enable him to reimburse D* of the 31st Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D#, and for the Allowance for Bread, from

D° to D' -....

To James Meyrick, Esquire, for the Allowance of Bread Money to the 2d and 70th Regiments of Foot ——

To James Fitter, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 15th and 69th Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made lor the Surgeon’s and Paymaster’s Allowances, from 23th June 1777 to 24th December following, and for Bread Money to Parties of the 1 eth Regiment at Chatham Barracks, between 4th June 1777 and 29th December following -To Messrs. Cox and Mair, to enable them to reimburse D° of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D", from 23th June 1777 to 24th December following -To Lieut. General Armjirong, to enable him to reim-burie D* of the 8th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D*

To Lieut. General Havi/and, to enable him to reimburse D° of the 43th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -To Messrs. Rofsand Gray, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D* -To Edward Rijhopp, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 5th and 29th Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages mace for D®, from D° to D®, and for the Allowance for Bread Money to laid Regiments - - - - . - -

3P

,158

IO

165 7 —

*46 7 3*

5^8 3 —

197 10 — J

1,836 17 —

12#

96 6

10

*>789 5 7

21a 19 %

57>5i°

238

Dares of Warrants,

1778. April 7,

20.

19.

August 8.

October to 1778.

22.

Mar. 18.

April 30.

August 31.

Sep. 19.

12° Martii.

.To James Meyrick, Esquire, for the Allowance for Bread Money to lundry Regiments, from 4th July 1776 to December 1777- -

To Sir Eyre Coote, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 37th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster’s Allowances, from 25th Jurie 1777 to 24th December following, and for the Allowance for Bread Money to Parties of the said Regiment, within the said Period -To Messrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D* of the 24th) 27th* and 38th Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D*, from D® to D° -To MefTrs. Ross and Gray, for Bread Money to Recruiting Parties, and Recruits, belonging to sundry Regiments, in the Year 1776 -To D®, for D® to D®, in the Year 1777 -To D*, for D° to sundry Regiments, in the Year

*776 ....

To D®, for D® to the 1 ft Battalion of the Royals, and the 13th Regiment of Foot, in the Year 1777 To D®, for D° to the 3d and 21st Regiments of Foot, in the Year 1773 - *-

To MefTrs. Cox and Mair, to enable them to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon’s and Paymaster’s Allowances, from 25th December 1776 to 24th June 1777 To Messrs. Meyrick, for the Allowance of Bread Money to sundry Regiments -

155 7 10

114 — 9

289 — 6

156 10 iif 167 x 7

*79 — 4

1,904 11 — -

754 1° 5

i»993 *4 9 556 *9 5

280

19 it

25 4"

24 4 —

To Sir Robert Hamilton, to replace sundry Cloathing and Accoutrements belonging to the 40th Regiment of Foot, loft in Actions against the Rebels ip America, in the Campaign 1777 "

To Lieut General Sand ford, to replace sundry D®, belonging to the 10th Regiment of Foot, loft in D®

Campaign - - - *

To General Abercrombie, to replace sundry D® belonging to the 44th Regiment of Foot, loft in D° Campaign -

To Lord AdamGordon, to replace D°_belonging to 26th

Regiment of Foot, taken by the Rebels in,

in the Year 1775....

To Sir Eyre Coote, to replace sundry Accoutrements, belonging to the 37th Regiment of Foot, loft in actual Service against the Rebels in North and destroyed by Fire at Pijcatacuay in the the 28th April 1777 - -

To the Earl of Loudoun, to replace sundry D° belonging to the Detachment of the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards, which were lost or destroyed on Service against the Rebels in North America -To General Hodgson, to replace sundry D® belonging to the 4th Regiment of Foot, loft in Service in D® during the Campaigns 1776 and 1777 To Major General Grey, to replace sundry D® belonging to the 28th Regiment of Foot, loft in D® during the Campaign 1777 - -

To Lieut. General Pomeroy, to replace sundry D® belonging to the 64th Regiment of Foot, loft in D® during the Campaigns 1776 and 1777 To Earl Waldgrave, to replace sundry D* belonging

to the Detachment of the Coldpeam Regiment of Foot Guards, loft on Service against the Rebels in North America -

To Lieut. General Trapaud, to replace sundry D® belonging to the 70th Regiment of Foot, loft in the Expedition to St. Vincents, tdc. - - , -

To the Duke of Gloucester, to replace lundry D® belonging to the Detachment of the First Regiment of Foot Guards, lost or destroyed on Service in America - - - - -- 53 ""

566 3

5° 5

47

93-

4119 6

106

l5

50 3 —

81 2 —

A. 1779.

«3»6+2 5 9l

To

1

19 Geo. IIL

Dates of Warrants.

1778.

Sep. 19.

i.a° Martii.

.239

120

»>3a3

53 «-

674 18 4

8

6

6

6

6

6

To Major General Grant, to replace funclry Accoutrements belonging to the 55th Regiment of Foot, lost or destroyed on Service against the Rebels in North America, during the Campaigns 1776 and 1777 -

To Lieut. General Sandftrd, to replace Camp Equipage, Cloathing, and Accoutrements, belonging to the 10th Regiment of D®, loft on Board the Symmetry Brig, taken by the Rebels in the River Dela-stw, in December 1777 -Nov, If. To Earl Percy, to replace sundry Accoutrements belonging to the 5th Regiment of D®, loft in Actions against the Rebels during the Campaigns 1776 and

>7?7....

Dec. 16. To Lieut. General Burgoym, to replace Horse Furniture, Accoutrements, (Ac. belonging to the 16th Regiment of Dragoons, loft or taken by the Enemy, in America, during D® Campaigns -177R. _ _ —

April 15. To Major General Calcraft, in lieu of 63 Days Nett Offreckonings of the

Liverpool Regiment of Fdot -To Lieut. Colonel Mc Donnell, in lieu of 49 Days D® of his Regiment of Highlanders -To Col. Mc Kenzie, in lieu of 49 Days D® of his Regiment of D* - ..

To Colonel Gordon, in lieu of 49 Days D® of his Regiment of D® - -

To Lieut. Colonel Campbell, in lieu of 49 Days D# of his Regiment of D® -To Lieut. Colonel Mazvhood, in lieu of 49 Days D* of the 7 ad Regiment of Foot -To Sir William Erskine, in lieu of 72 Days D* of the Edinburgh Volunteers To Colonel Scott, in lieu of 72 Days D° of the Volunteers - - - - .

To the Earl of Secforth, in lieu of 63 Days D* of his Regiment of Highlanders -To Colonel Murray, in lieu of 49 Days D® of his Regiment of D°

To Colonel F. Af Lean, in lieu of 58 Days D* of his Regiment of Foot -

Flay 30. To Major General Dari Jones, in lieu of 110 Days D® of the Additional? to the 2d Regiment of Foot To Lieut. General Waljh, in lieu of 49 Days D° of the D® to 56 th Foot -

To Sir IP Clinton, in lieu of 49 Days D* of the D® to 12th D" -

To Sir John Sebright, in lieu of no Days D* of the D® to 18 th D" - -

To Lieut. General Boyd, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D* to 39th D® -

To Major General Baurh, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D® to 58th D® -

To Lieut. General Slierard, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the t)° of the 69th D® -To Lord Geo. Lennox, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D" of the 25th D® - - - .

To the Duke of Argyll, in lieu of 49 Days D* of the D® to the 1 ft and ad Battalions of the ift Foot To Lieut. General Murray, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D® to 13th Foot -

To Sir David Lindsay, in lieu of 49 Days of the D® to the 59th D® -July 13. To the Duke of Buccleugh, in lieu of j 70 Days D® of his Regiment of Fencible Men -To the Duke of Gordon, in lieu of 170 DaysD® of his Regiment of D®

To the Duke of Gloucester, in lieu of 109 Days D® of the Additional to the ill Foot Guards To General Elliott, in lieu of 276 Days D°of the D® to 15th Regiment of Dragoons - -

To the Earl of Loudoun, in lieu of 109 Days D® of the D* to 3d Regiment Foot Guards -

538 13 418 19 418 19 418 19 418 19 418 19 615 12 10 6x5 12 10 5j8 13 8 4x8 19

495 18 hi 19 72 4

72 4

hi 19 72 4 72 4 49 17 49 17 99 14 10 49 17 5 49 17 5 1>453 " x« 1,453 " 11

453 2 ~

180 2 7

291 — $

3>59a — 4

Vol. 17.

To

12® Martii.

240

Date* of Warrants.

7 78.

July 13. To Earl Waldgrave, in lieu of 109 Days Nett Offreckonings of the Additional* to 2d Regiment Foot Guards -

To General Mojlyn, in lieu of 26a Days D® of the D* to the ill Regiment Drrgoon Guards To Lord Fredk Campbell, in lieu of 170 Days D* of his Regiment of f'encible Men -23. To Lord Townshend, in lieu of 262 Days D® of the Additional to the 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards To the Earl of Panmuin lieu of 262 Days D® of the D", 2d Regiment Dragoons - -

To Sir Jn° Mor daunt, in lieu of 262 Days D® of the D® to the toih D® -

To Lord Robert Manners, in lieu of 262 Days D® of the D® to the 3d Regiment of Dragoon Guards -To the Earl of Pembroke, in lieu of 262 Days D* of the D® to 1 ft Dragoons -To General Carpenter, in lieu of 262 Days D® of the

D* to 4th D* - -

To Lieut. General in lieu of 262 Days D®

of the D° to 6th D® ..

To Sir G. Howard, in lieu of 262 Days D* of the D* to 7th D® -

To Lieut. General Fitzroy, in lieu of 262 Days D® of the D® to 3d D®

To Lieut. General Johnston, in lieu of 262 Days D® of the D" to 1 ith D® - -

October 23. To Sir Tho‘ Wilson, in lieu of 231 Days D* of the D* to 50th Foot -

To Colonel Piblott, in lieu of 69 Days D® of the 73th Regiment of D®

To General Mojlyn, in lieu of 415 Days D* of the Additionals to the 1 ft Regiment of Dragoon Guards ' To Lord Robert Manners, in lieu of 413 Days D® of the D® to the 3d Regiment of D®

To the Earl of Pembroke, in lieu of 415 Days D® of the D® to the 1 ft Dragoons -

To Lieut. General , in lieu of 415 Days D*

of the D° to the 4th D® -

To Lieut. General in lieu of 415 Days D®

of the D* to the 6th D® -

To Sir G. Hoivard, in lieu of 413 Days D® of the 13® to the 7th D® -

To Lieut. General in lieu of 415 D® of the

D° to the 1 ith D® -To Lord Townshend, in lieu of 413 Days D® of the D®

to the 2d Regiment Dragoon Guards To the Earl of Panmure, in lieu of 413 Days D® of the D® to the 2d Regiment of Dragoons -To Sir John Mordaunt, in lieu of 413 Days D® of the D® to 10th D° -

291 — 6

512 *9 8

*.453 11 ti

341 *9 9

34* *9 9

341 *9 9

341' *9 9

34* *9 9

341 *9 9

34* *9 9

34* *9 9

34* *9 9

34* *9 9

235 2 2

OS 00 *9 9

120 7 6

240 *5 1

£40 *5 1

240 *5 1

240 *5 1

24O *5 1

240 *5 1

240 *5 1

240 *5 1

240 *5 1

177S. Jan. 30.

To Lieut. General Burgoyfor providing divers Camp 16th Regiment of Dragoons -To Lieut. General Campbell, for D® provided for the 33th Regiment of Foot -

To Lieut. General Frafer, for D® provided for the 71 ft

D".....-

To Lieut. General Preston, for D® provided for the 17th Dragoons -

Feb.zo. To Messrs. Gray and for D* provided for

Lieut Col. MP Lean's Corps April 30. To the Earl of Loudoun, for D* provided for the Detachment of Foot Guards To Lieut. General Monckton, for D® provided for the 17th Regiment of Foot -To Sir lV,n Howe, for D® provided for the 23d D*

To Lord Adam Gordon, for D® provided for the 26th D® -

To Earl Cornwallis, for D® provided for the 33d D® -

Necessaries for the 700 10 —

173 8 —

558 19 —

77z 15 —

323 19 —

233 16 —

118 16 —

118 16 —

118 16 -i-118 16 — -

i a4 MartiL

ip Geo.

441

Dates of Warrants.

1778.

April 30.

*3-June 17.

To Maj. General Vaughan for providing divers Camp Necessaries for the 46th Regiment of Foot To Lieut. General Pomeroy, for D* provided for the 64th D* - - - . -

May 11. To Maj. General Grey, for D* provided for the a8th D® ——

To Lord John Murray, foF D® provided for the 4ad

D*....

To Lieut. General Trap for D® provided for the 70th D* -

To Lord John Murrayfor D# provided for the 4*d

D*.....- -

To Lieut. General Prej for D® provided for the 17 th Dragoons - -

To Lieut. General Sandf for D® provided for the 10th Foot -

To Lieut. General Gage, for D® provided for the aid Regiment of Foot To Sir Robert Hamilton, for D® provided for the 40th

D*.....-

To Lieut. General Can, for D* provided for the 43d D* - - - -

To General Abercrombie, for D® provided for the 44th’

D®....

To Messrs. Cox and Mair, for D® provided for the 5 2d D® ——

To Maj. General Grant, for D® provided for- the 53th

To Sir John Irzcine, for D® provided for the 57th D® -To Lieut. General Grant, for D® provided for the 63d

D®.....- -

29. To Sir Eyre Coote, for D® provided for the 37th D®

To the Earl of Cavan, for D* provided for the 15th

D"....

To Major General Majfey, for D®-provided for the 27th

D®.....'

To Major General Pigott, for D* provided for the 38th

D®....

To Karl Percy, for D® provided for the 5th D® *

To Lieut. General Havisor D® provided for the 45th D° -

Argujl 17. To the Earl of Pembroke, for D" provided for lft Dragoons -

To Lieut. General Carpenter, for D® provided for 4th

D®.....- .

To Lieut. General Johnston, for D® provided for 6th

D*..... - -

To General Mojlyn, for D® provided for ift Dragoon Guards- -

To Lord Rob1 Manners, for D® provided for jd D®

To Sir G. Howard, for D? provided- for 7th Dragoons - -

To Lieut. General Shewed, for D* provided for 69th

Foot - -' -. - - - -

To Lieut. Col. Me Donnell, for D® provided for 76th

D® - . ——

To General Hodgson, for D® provided for 4th D®

To Lord George Lennox, for.D® provided for 23th D® -To Sir T. S. Wilson, for D® provided for 50th D® '

To Lord Mc Leod, for D® provided for 73d D® - -

tyt, 19. To Major General Jones, for D® provided for 2d Da

lo John Trotter, Esquire, for D® provided for the Militia encamped in South Britain -

To Lord Townfkend, for D® provided for ad-Dragoon Guards -

To the Earl of Panmiue, for D® provided for 2d Dragoons - - - - . - . - *

To Sir John Mordaunt, for D* provided for 10th D®

To Sir lVm Boothby, for D® provided for 6th D® - -

To Sir John Sebright, for D® provided for 18th. D®

To General Urmston, for D® provided for 65th D®

To General Elliott, for D* provided, for 15th-Dragoons

31*

u8 16 — n8 16 — -118 »6 —

3*4 J7 6 356 9 6

213 10 '6J

j <

,76 2 6.

0Bober 20 vol. 37.

121 I 6

121 I 6

121 I 6

125 I 6

121 I 6

12 I I 6

12L r 6

121 1 6

125 1 6

1 l7 — ’

117 n —

121 1 6

121 1 6

122 *3 —

117 lS —

54* 4 9

541 4 9

541 4 9

804 17 —

541 4 9

541 4 9

4 6

618 14 9

m 7 *5 —

2-38 8

238 . 8 —

652 4

238 8 —

h53 9 7

547 - 3

547 — 3

547 — 3

242 11 6

242 11 6

242 it 6

62a 5 9

T«

11

Dates of Warrants.

1778.

October 20.

2 3*

*779*

23.

1778. March 18.

April 15.

JWiy 30.

jW 8.

J7*

20.

120 MartiL

To Colonel Murray, for providing elvers Camp Ne-

ceflaries for the'77th Regiment of Foot - - 618 19 *"

To Sir /F" Erskine, for D® provided for Soth D’ 6:819

To Col. M Lean, for D" provided for 82d D" - - 61819

To Col. 6Vc//, for D° provided for 83d D’ - - 61819

To the Eart of Loudoun, for D® provided for the Detachment from 3d Foot Guards - 368 l4 6

To John Trotter, Esquire, for Tents and Camp Ne-

cefiaries provided for t lie Forces at Gibraltar - - 1,678 8 —

To Lieut. Colonels Earl of Seaforth, John Campbell, and John AP Donnell, for Bas Horles for their Regiments ordered on Service To Colonels Sir fV‘u Er/kine, Geo. Scott, Francis

IV" Gordon, John McKenzie, and Ja’ for D®

for their Regiments ordered on Service To the Colonels of the Three Regiments of Dragoon Guards, and the ill, 26,36,4th, 6th, 7th,-iotli, and 15th Dragoons, for Bas Horles for their Regiments ordered to encamp -

To the Colonels of the Westminsterand Militia, for D® for their Regiments -To the Colonels of 10 Regiments of Foot, for D" for their respective Regiments ordered to take the

Field - - -....

To Sir William Boothby and General Cunningham, for D® for the 6th and 14th Regiments of Foot ordered to take the Field -

To the Colonels of 14 Regiments of Militia, for D° for their respective Regiments ordered to take the Field.....- -

J. 1779.

660 -- —

3*.79i 5 7

800

190

1,100

1

- !

260 — —

i,sCo -

To the Colonels ot 23 Regiments of D®, for D® f r

their respective Regiments ordered to take the Field 2,030 — — To the Duke of Manchester, for D® for the Huntingdon-

shireMilitia ordered to take the Field - - - 73-----

To Major General Tryon, for D® for the 70th Regiment

of Foot ordered to North Ame - - - 110 ——

To the Colonels of the Three Regiments of Foot -

Guards, for D° for their respective Regiments - 670 — —

August 17. To Colonel Pin on, for D° for the 75th Regiment of

Foot ordered to take the Field - - - - . - - no — —

To Major General Calcrafl, for D° for the 79th Regiment of Foot - ---- x 1 o — —

31. To the Colonels of the several Regiments of Cavalry,

Infantry, and Militia, encamped in the Summer

1778, for an additional Bas Horse to each Company.

of their respective Regiments - 5,220 —

To the Earl of Poztsis, for Bas Horses for the Afont-

gomeryshireMilitia ordered to take the Field - - 60 — —

To the Colonels of the Three Regiments of Foot

Guards, for an additional Bas Horle for each Company of their respective Regiments ... 640 — _

1778.

Alarch 18.

To Lieut. Colonels Earl of Seaforth, John Campbell, and John

Regiments

net I, for Baggage Horles for their vice -

To Colonels Sir lVmErjkine, Geo. Scott, Francis Ml Lean, lpm Gordon, John and James

Murray, for D® ior their Regiments ordered on Service . -

April 13. To the Colonels of the Three Regiments of Dragoon Guards, the iff, id, 3d, 4th, 6th, 7th, 10th, and 15th Dragoons, for D" for their Regiments ordered to encamp -

May 30. To the Colonels of the Westminster and Buckinghamjl.ire Militia, for Eaggage Horses for their Regiments -To the Colonels cf 10 Regiments of Foot, for D" for their respective Regiments ordered to take the Field To Sir WM Boothby and Lieut. General Cunningham, for D® for the 6th and 14th Regiments ot Foot ordered to take the Field -

June 8 To the Colonels of 14 Regiments of Militia, for D*

13,740-----

ordered on Scr-663 15 —

1,372 13 — -

693 — —

2 95 -

>7-7

10 —

417 10 —

for

i6 Geo. III.

1Martii.

M3

Djtesof Warrants

1778. for their reflective Regiments ordered to take the

Field - - - . - - - 4,167 id ~

June 17. To the Colonel of 23 Regiments of Militia, for Baggage Hones for their respective Regiments ordered to take Field - - - - 3,178 15 —

July 1 o. To the Duke of Mnchester, for D° for the

shireMilitia ordered to take the Field - - - no-----

To Major General Irvin, for D® for the 70th Regiment

of Foot ordered to North America - . - - - 178 15 — *

To the Colonels of the Three Regiments of Foot

Guards, for D® for their respective Regiments - 956 5 —

Aug-ft 17. To Colonel Pillon, for D° for the 75th Regiment of

Foot ordered to take the Field - 235 — —

To Major General Calcraft, for D° for the 79th Regiment of Foot ----- 220 — —

31. To the Earl of Powys, for D° for the Monlgomeryftnre

Militia ordered to take the Field - . - 93 15 —

1778. March 18.

May 30.

June 8.

’7-

July 20.

To Lieut. Colonels Earl of Seaforth, John Campbell, and

nell, for too Days Forage Money for their Regiments ordered on Service - 742 10 —

To C done!s Sir W"‘ Erskine, Geo. Scott, Francis McLean,

Will"1 Gordon, John At Kenzie, and James Murray, for 100 Days D® for their Regiments, ordered on Service ----- - 1,605 —

To the Colonels of the Westminsterand Bmkinghamjlnre

Militia, for 100 Days D® for their Regiments - 382 10 —

To the Colonels of 10 Regiments of Foot, for 100 Days D° for their respective Regiments ordered to take the Field -

To Sir Wm Boothby and Lieut. General Cunningham, for xco Days D° for the 6th and 14th Regiments of Foot ordered to take the Field -To the Colonels of 14 Regiments of Militia, for 100 Days D° frr their respective Regiments ordered to take the Field -

To the Colonels of 23 Regiments of D°, for 100 Days D" for their respective Regiments ordered to take the

Field....

To the Duke of Manchester, for too Days D® for the

Huntingdcnj'.ireMiktia, ordered to take the Field - 137 10 —

To Major General Pry on, for 100 Days D* for the 70th Regiment of Foot ordered to North America ----- - 222 10 —

To the Colonels of the Three Regiments of Foot

a,225-----

5*5----

4,050----

Guards, for 100 Days D" for their respective Regiments -

Aug)ft 1 7. To Colonel Pielon, for 100 Days D® for the 75th Regiment ot Foot ordered to take the Field To Major General Calcraft, for 100 Days D® for the 79U1 Regiment of Foot -

To the Earl of Pozvis, for 100 Days D® for the -gomerf/ire Militia, ordered to take the Field -For 200 Days Forage to the General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospital in Great Britain For too Days Winter Forage for the Regiments of Dragoon Guards and Dragoons -

i»337

10 —

3>-

Dec. 25.

*779-

Jan. 7.

1773.

280----

*55-----

117 10 —

3>765 -

5»°95-----

2,732 10 —

7»’7°-----

>6' ‘i-

For 100 Days D® for the Regiments of Infantry Fur 100 Days I)° for the Regiments of Militia -

O

To Major General Grant, for the contingent Disbursements of the 55th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1776 to 24th December tol-

183 8 6

lowim

to.

1.

Vol.

To Lieut. General Grant, for the D® of the 63d Regiment ot foot, from 25th December > 775 to -24th

June 1776....

To D°, for D® from, 25th June 1776 to 24th December following -

A:guti 17. To the Duke cf Argyll, for D°for the 2d Battalion of the ill Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1775 to 24th Decaster 1776

37-

114 *7

103 12

2

6

555 10 4

11,306 5 —

33>347

1

Dates of Warrants.

1778.

October

Dec. 3.

1778-Dec. 3.

\ -m? Martii.

To Lieut* Ggn&ral, Gage, for the contingent Disburse-' ipents of the22d Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1775 to 24th June 1776 - - - .

To.D®, for D®, from 25th June 1776 to 24th December following - -

To Messrs. Adair ^nd Bullock, for the contingent Dif-Ipurlements of the ift Regiment of Devonshire Militia, from 26th March. 1778 to 24th June following

11.

*779-Jan. 7.

1778.

.March 20.

For the Marches, &c. of the Northamptonshire Militia, from 26th March \7 78 to 24th June following -

Foi; D° of the BedJordshire D®, from D° to D® -For, D® of the Cambridgeshire U°, from D® to D®

For, D® of the Northumberland D®, from D® to D®

For D® of the South Battalion of Gloucestershire D° from

n fr)® tO-D® r....

For, D* of the East Kent D®, from D® to D®

FonD® of the Dorsetshireiy, from D* to D* -For D® of the East Riding of Yorkshire D°, from D® to D® -

For D" for the Western Raiment of Middlesex D®, from D® to D® -

ForiD® of the AngleJea D®, from D° to.D°

For D® of the WorcesterShire D®, from D® to D°

For D® of the Cheshire D®, from D? to D®

For D® of the Buckinghamshire D°, from D® to D®

42 — *

*7 — a

48 1 4

26 th March

104 6 6

110 *4 2

59 12 6

69 8

94 1 —

57 13 2

114 '4 6

L79 2 6

124 3 6

36 8 8

156 2 —

H7 it 6

106 4 7

To Robert. Adair, Esquire, to enable him to satisfy such Bills as are or may bp drawn upon him for the Pay of divers extra Surgeons and Surgeons Mates in the Ceded Islands, li -2,000 — — June 8. To Ditto, to enable him to pay the Monthly Hospital

Allowance to the Forces encamped' - - 2,000 — —

1778.

Feb.9.

To Lieut, Colonel TownJheud, on Account, for Levy Money, for the Re-

cruiting Service in London -July 20. To D®, on Account, to enable him to pay such Bills aq are or may he drawn on him for the Pay of sundry Officers employed on the Recruiting Service Nov. 11. To Ditto, fur D® Service -

1,000----

I, OCO ——

a,oooo-----

1777* Nov.-24.

1778.

Jan. 22

;o.

Feb. 14. iS. 21.

March 2.

*3-

18.

20.

To Major General Faucitt, for his.contingent Expences as Deputy Adjutant General, from 1 ith December1 775 to 10th 1777, both foclusive ——

To John. Fritter, Esquire,. for Hospital Bedding, lie. for the Use of the Forces in Dover Castle - - - -

To Lieut. Colonel Towti/hend, Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, for so much expended by him at Chatham and Charier Fort, to 24 June

*<777 - - ‘ - . -

To Lieut. General Ilarvey, for his contingent Expences as Adjutant General,^to 24th December- 177 7 -

To Major General Mcrrism, for his D® as Quarter Mailer General to D® To Colonel lVm Roy, for his D* as Deputy Quarter Mailer General to D* To E. B. De La Fontaine, Esquire, for providing divers Utensils for the Use of the Infirmary and Barracks in the Savoy during the Year 1777 To Edwd Mcrce, Esquire, for the Rent of a House, as Chief Justice of the

Province of Senegambia, ior One Year, ended 7th February 1778

To Messrs. Rowell, and Cooke, for Royal Bounty to Out Perffioners of Cheljea Hospitalorderc4 on Duty, in the Year 1775 Fo James Hamilton, Esquire, Lieutenant in the 10th Regiment of Foot, being. His Majesty’s Bounty for the Loss of the Use of his Arm at Buncker's Hill, in America, the 17th June 1775 -

To Colonel John Burgoyne, for an Equipage as CommiiTary for muflering Foreign Troops ——

To Captain John Lloyd, being His Majesty’s Bounty for the Loss of the Use of his Arm by a Shot in the Jerseys, 23d February 1777 To Jane Spendlove, as of His Majesty’s Royal Bounty - -

To Lieut. Colonel Townsend, for his contingent Expences as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25th 1777 to 24 December following - -

To Capt. Richard Bailey, for his contingent Expences as Assistant to the

A. 1779.

1,134 9 10

U359 12 7

4,000'----

4,000-----

154 9

105 15 6

434 12 *1

423 11 — 205 10 — 94 18 —

92 14 10

60----

3AS9 — 1

164 4 4

500-----

228 14 — IOO — -

337 5 —

Quarter

12° Martii-

245

19 Geo. III.

Dat« of Warrant*. 1778.

March 25.

26.

April 7.

*5*

24.

29-

3°-

itfi/y in

I 2.

28.

3°*

June $

8.

29.

7>v/y 23. 24.

3*-

Av.gnji 31.

Sept. 19.

Oftobe 9.

Vol. 37,

Quarter Master General in North America, from 11th March 1777 to loth Marth 1778 - -

To Will"'Rice, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done at Whitehall,

the Tilt Yard, St. James's, Kensington, , Hampton

<sfc. between 25th December 1775 and 25th December 1776 To McfTrs. Ross and Gray, for Levy Money, for 50 Drafts to the 61st Regiment of Foot -

To the Eirl of Eglintonnc, for D% for 50 D° to the 51 ft D® - -

To John Gore, Inquire, for Neceftaries furnished to the Guards in the Tower of London, for Six Months, from Michaelmas 1777 to Lady Day 1778 - - - _ -

To the Duke of Gloucester, for providing Slop Cloathing for the Augmentation to the 1 ft Regiment of Foot Guards ..

To Captain Ibbelfon Hamer, being Majesty’s Bounty for the Loss of his (-eg, upon the 12 th September 1777, near in New Jersey

To Captain M Pherson, being D° for the Lois of the Use of his Arm by a Shot in the Jerseys,3d January 1777 -

To Cap.am John Elliott, of the Trident Man of War, for taking Lord Cornwallis, and his Suite, from Great Britain to America -To Captain StairDonglass, of the Montreal Man of War, for taking

Lieut. General Haldimand from Great Britain to Quebec -

To John Trotter, Esquire, for Hofpual Bedding for the Use of the Garrison of Gibraltar -

To Robert Adair, Esquire, for several Sums of Money paid by him on Account of the several Hospitals, and for his contingent Expences, from 25th June <776 to 24 December 1777 -

To the Duke of Glov.cester, for cloathing the Drummers and Hautbois of the ill; Regiment of Foot Guards, for Two Years, from 25th March 1777 to -S1'1 March 1779 -

To ‘7 ho'Hailey, Esquire, for Packing, Freight, Insurance, and Charges, in lending Invalid Cloathing to sundry G am Ions -To Mu :or General Riinsford, for his Expenses as Commissary to Holland, for mullering Foreign Troop- in the Pay of Great Britain -To Captain George Gayton, of the Man of Vvar, for taking

L'eut. General Boyd from Great Britain to Gibraltar -To Rich1 Sludzve/l, Esquire, for the Expences of conveying by Land,

fr:.m Bonn to Boijleduc, the Baggage of the Anjpach and Haturu T roops in the Pay of Great Britain -

To Enhgn Alex'Salans, being His Majesty’s Bounty for the Loss of the Use of his Arm near Bennington in North America, the l6tn August

1777 ‘ *

To Andrew Smith, Esquire, for Expences incurred by him, and the Attendance and Trouble he was put to, as acting as Deputy Judge Advocate in Jamaica, between the Years 1772 and 1778 -

To Wm Bed, Esquire, for the contingent Disbursements of 3 Battalions

of Hanoverians at Gibraltar, from 25th December 1776 to 24th December ^lll5 ttod 2 Battalions of Ditto at Minorca, from 25th December 1775 to 2at!'. December 1777 -

To Major General Morrijon, for his contingent Disbursements Quarter

Master General, from 25th December 1777 to 25th 1778 To George Gamier, Esquire, Apothecary General, for Medicines and Materials provided for the Forces in England, the Indies, and North America, in the Years 1777 and 1778 -

To Lieut. General Gage, for the Charges of a vexatious Suit carried on ' against him by Lieutenant Fozvler - - - - .

To the Colonels of the Regiments of Dragoon Guards and Dragoons, for Ilorle Furniture and Accoutrements for theirrespective Regiments To Leonard Mcrfe, Esquire, for his Expences and Trouble in carrying

on a progressive Lift of the Army, for One Year, from Midsummer 1777 to Midsummer *778.. - *

To John Trotter, Esquire, for Hospital Bedding for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces encamped in Great Britain -To Henry Scaly, Surgeon to the 9th Regiment of Foot, for Losses sustained by being taken Prisoner by the Rebels in North America, the 8th July

/777 - -; - ....

To Colonel Will"Roy, for his contingent Disbursements as Deputy Quarter Matter General, from 24th December 1777 to 24th June 1778 -To Lieut. General Murray, for the contingent Expences of the Government of Minorca, between 24th June 1775 and 25th June 1777

To the Cclonelsof the Regiments of Dragoon Guards and Dragoons, for Horle Furniture, fcfr. for the 2d Augmentation to their respective . Regiments -

To Vincent Mathias, Esquire, for Freight and Charges in Two Con-

3R

312 J4 G

2,061 6 11 i-

250 — — 250 — —

616 13 2

617 84

95 *3 4

269 12 —

150 -

!50-----

2,144 2 6

1,808 2 a

344 9 " 357 6 6 324 " 4

150-----

358 3

121 8 10

*58 —

ss* 5 7

234 9 —

8,618 3 i°*

"7 12 8

7,127 11 9

226 —

2,765 19 3

71 l6

294 IO 3

I»179 I IO

2,942 2 —

/ignments

WM

Parish

Poor

Children,

246

Dates of Warrants.

1778.

08ober 17.

3°*

Nov. 11.

30.

Dec. 3. 11. 16.

*1.

1779-'fan. 7.

14.

*5-

12 Martiu

j. 1779.

signments of Cloathing, lit. for the Troops serving in America - -

To Mrs. Elizabeth Aguew, being His Majesty’s Royal Bounty in Consideration of the Lot's of her Husband - - - >

To John Gore, Esquire, for Necessaries furnished to the Guards doing

Duty in the Tower of London, for Six Months, to Michaelmas 1778 -

Tu Ditto, for Ditto furnished to Ditto, between Michaelmas 1777 and

Michaelmas 1778 ....

To Lieut. Colonel Townshend, for his contingent Dilburlemeius as Super intendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25th D*rember 1777 to 24th June 1778 -

To Captain Reddafl, of the Grampus Store Ship, for bringing Lieut.

General Burgoyne from America to Great Britain -To the Colonels of 21 Regiments of Militia, for Knapsacks and Haver-lacks for their respective Regiments -

To Capt. Stair Douglass, of the Montreal Man of War, for bringing Sir

Guy Carleton from Quebec to Great Britain -To John Trotter, Esquire, for Hospital Bedding for the Use of the Forces at Wind [or, Plymouth, and Grenada -To Mefl'rs. Cox and Mair, for so much advanced by them for a Prosecution carried on against Rob’Boyd in Ireland -

To Lieut. General Keppel, for contingent Expences of the Army encamped at Caxheaih, from 28th May 1778 to 14th November following -To L:eut. General Burgoyne, to replace Horlls belonging to the 16th Regiment of Dragoons loft on Service in 1776 and 1777 -

To Ditto, to replace 19 DJ belonging to the Officers of Ditto Regiment -To Major General Fancitt, for his contingent Expences as Deputy Adjutant General, from 10th December 1777 to December 1778 -To Patrick Tonyn, Esquire, Governor of East Florida, for keeping up a Schooner for the Service of the said Province, for One Year, to 29th August 1779....

To Capt. Andrew Snape Hammond, of the Roebuck Man of War, for bringing Earl Cornwallis from America to Great Britain To Colonel Will* Roy, for the Expences of the Commissariate, from the Opening of the Campaign to 24th December 1778 -To John Trotter, Esquire, for Hospital Bedding for the Forces at Dover Castle....

119 10 11 Jio 5 — 335 *5 1©

81 18 —

392 13 9

150-----

3,211 19 8

150-----

216 19 6

3:8 3 6

322 12 9

1,890----

283-----

467 —

417 5 —

150-----

1,266 14 5 163 15 3

1,026,137 4

War Office, 121I1 March 1779.

C. Jenkinson.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Sa/usbury Brereton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the keeping of regular, uniform, and annual Registers of all Parish Poor Infants, under a certain Age, within the Bills of Mortality; and also an Act, ma le in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Parish Poor Children of the several Pari fries therein mentioned, within the Bills of Mortality; and so extend the same to the Panin of Saint Pancras, in the County of Mid-d/efex, was commited; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwar J.s delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Timd, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

20.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting, during the present lloftili-ties with France, certain Goods, enumerated in the Act of Navigation, to be imported in Rr/V///;-built Ships sold to Foreigners, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Cha r.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the who!e House, to consider of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of

Good*

imuoutrd

in

Bririfli-buik

Ships.

Herring

Fishery.

ip Geo. III. is* Ma. 247

of the Reign>f Hi-, prese nt Majesty, intltuifed* " An for every Mile such Pair of Horses shall travel Pod;

" Art for the Encouragement of the White Herring such Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons by whom " Fisherv," be now read. every such Pair of Horses shall be so hired or u!ed.

And the said Order being read accordingly; . That It is the Opinion of this Committee,

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. That every Person who shall keep any Four-wheeled Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Chaise, or other Machine, commonly called a Diligence,

Mr. Frederick Stuart took the Chair of the Commit- or Poll Coach, or by what Name l'oever such Carriages tee. now are or hereafter shall be called or known, for the

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Purpose of conveying any Number of Passengers, not

Mr. Frederick Stuart reported from the Committee, exceeding Four, for Hire, to and from Stage to Stage,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had or from Place to Place, shall yield and pay annually directed him to report, when the House will please to unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Succefi'ors, the Sum of receive the same. Five Shillings for a Licence for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Refolded That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Morning next. That every Four-wheeled Chaise, or other Machine,

commonly called a Diligence, or Fort Coach, or by what '00trafts* Ordered That there be laid before this House, a Copy Name soever such Carriages now' are or hereafter shall be

of the now-fublifling Contrart for remitting of Money called or known, for the Purpose of conveying a Nuinfo r the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North America. her of Passengers, not exceeding Four, for Hire, to and from Stage to Stage, or from Place to Place, shall be Wan Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the charged with a Duty of One Halfpenny per Mile such i*lMc»n». Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Carriages shall travel, to be paid by the Owners there-ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for of.

railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolu- , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

tions which, upon Monday Seven night, the Committee That the Lid respective Duties be under the Manage-had directed him to report to the House j which he ment and Direction of the Commissioners of Stamps, read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as That every Person who shall keep any Office or Place followeth; viz. for buying, Filing, infurir.g, registering, disposing, or

Refo/ved, Ti-.at it is the Opinion of this Committee, otherwise dealing in, any Tickets or Chances, of Tint, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- Parts thereof, or on the Numbers of any Tickers in any jesty, an additional Duty or Charge of Five Pounds per Lottery whatsoever, or shall, by Writing or Printing,

Centum be laid upon the Produce and Amount of the publish the setting up or using such Office or Place*

several Duties ami Revenues under the Management of shall first take out a Licence for that Purpose.

the respective Commissioners of Excile in Great Britain That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

(except on the Produce of the Duty on Beer, Soap, That there shall be raised, levied, and paid,- unto Hj3 Tallow Candles, and Hides) the said additional Duty Majesty, His Heirs and Succefi’ors, the Sum of Fifty of Five Pounds per Centum to be charged, collected, Pounds for every such Licence.

paid, and drawn back, under the same Rules and Re- . That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

gulations, and in the fume Manner and Form, as the That the Monies to arise by the said Duty shall be appresent Dutus of Fotcife are now charged, colkrteJ, plied towards defraying the Expences attending the paid, and drawn back. Commission to be made forth for managing, directing,

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and drawing, such Lottery.

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- The First Resolution of the Committee being read jesty, an additional Duty or Import of Five Pounds per a Second Time;

Centura be laid upon the Produce and Amount of the Ordered, That the said Resolution be re-committed to several Subsidies, Imports, and other Duties, now due the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is he* and payable to His Majesty, and collected under the ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for Management of the respective Commissioners of the raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Customs in Great Britainj the said additional Duty to The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being be charged and paid upon the said Subsidies, Imports, severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quefliqn and other Duties, after the usual Discounts and other severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Allowances have been made and deducted therefrom, Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pur-and to be repaid or drawn back under the same Rules suant to the Ten last Resolutions of the said Commit* and Regulations, and in the same Manner and Form, as tee, which have been agreed to by the HoUl'e: And the present Duties of Customs are now charged, col- that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, lerted, paid, and drawn back. Mr. Cornwall, the Lord the Lord

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey That every Post-master, Innkeeper, or other Person, C, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the in Great Britain, who shall let to Hire any Saddle fame.

Horse, or Horse for Draught, for the Purpose of travelling Port by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, shall A Petition of Edward Wails, a Proprietor of Lands Herbabary yield and pay annually unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Grounds, within the Open and Common Fields of nC0urc-and Successors, the Sum of Five Shillings, for a Li- H, otherwise Hor bury, in the County of War-cence for that Purpose. wick, on Behalf of himself and several other Proprie-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tors of Lands and Grounds within the said Fields, was That, for and in respect of every Saddle Horse, hired presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling Port in That a Bill is depending for dividing and incloting the Great Britain, there be charged a Duty of One Penny l ands and Grounds lying within the said Open and for every Mile such Horse fh.til travel Port; such Duty Common Fields, to several Parts of which the Pe-to be paid by the Person or Persons by whom such Horse titioner and the said other Proprietors have many ma-shall be so hired or tiled. , terial Objections; and that, if the said Bill should pass

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, into a Law in its present State, it would be very in That, for and in respect of every Pair of Horses, hired jurious, not only to them, but also to many other Per-by the Mile or Stage, for drawing of a Carriage in fons who have Property in the said Fields: And there-travelling Port, there be charged a Duty of Two Pence fore praying, That he, and the said several other Pro-Vol. 37. prietors.

Duchy of Lancaster Estates.

Ways and Vu*ns.

Supply.

Admiralty; Courts Marti?.'.

4® i 2 — "i 50 Mcirtii- 177a.

prictors, may be heard, by his and their Counsel, against fuel) Parts of the said Bill as tend to his and their Injury.

Ordered, That the said* Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and indosing the Open and Common Fields, and Con.men or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Waste Land, within the Parish of Herberbury, otherwise in the County of fV arwick, is committed; and that the Petitioner be

heard, by i.is Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The other Orders of the Day‘being read;

Re/'olved, That this House will, upon this Day Se-vernight, rtfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of L to iell and diipole of certain Fee Fi rm Rents and other Rents, and to cn-franchise Copvhci.l and Customary Tenements within the Survey of the said Duchy.

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relbive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coTider further ot Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Morn-

ing next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunco, 15® d;

Anno 19* Georgii III. M Regis, 1779-Prayers.

MR. Penton, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Copies of the Complaint, on Application for a Court Martial, made by Captain against Captain Erjkinein 1748 or 1749> an<^ the Letter or Letters of the then Secretary of the Admiralty in Answer thereto; viz.

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from John Esquire, to Mr. Corbett, dated the 4th of July 1748: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to John Crookjhanks, Esquire, dated the 5th 1748 And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from John Esquire, to Mr. Clevland, dated the 3d January 1748-9: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Captain Crookjhanks, dated the 4th January 1748; And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from John

Esquire, to Mr. Clevland, dated the 31st January 1748-9:

And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to John Crookjhanks, Esquire, dated the 7th March 1748: And also,

Copies of the Complaint against Captain , by a Lieutenant, or other Officer of his Ship, in a Voyage to Falklands , and of the Order made thereon, or Answer thereto; viz.

19

N<* 1. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Crooke to Mr. Stephens, dated 24th December 1771: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Lieutenant Crooke, dated 15th January 1772: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Captain dr but knot, dated the 15th of January 1772: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Captain Arluthnot to Mr. Stephens, dated 21st January 177a; inclosing,

N° 5. Copy of Lieutenant Charles s Minutes,

'to support his Complaint of the 24th December 1771, against Captain Stott of His Majesty’s Ship Juno: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Captain Arbutbiot, dated the 23d January 1772: And also.

Copies of the Proceedings held at the Admiralty on the Demand of a Court Martial against Ca|>-tain Clements, Commander of the Pallas; viz.

N° 1. Minute of the Board of Admiralty of the 7th Ai/yufl 1765, upon a Remonstrance from David Hawkins, iate Matter of the Pallas, against Captain Clements: Ar.d also,

N° i. Copy of an Order from the Board of Admiralty of the 14th Auyiijl 1765, to Vice Admiral Hol-burne, to assemble a Court Martial to try Captain Clements: And also,

i. Copy of a Cale stating tire Doubt of Vice Admiral Ho‘borne as to the Legality of holding a Court Martial on Captain Clements, upon the Change exhibited by David Hawkins, with the Opinion of His Majesty’s Attorney General thereon: And also,

N° 4. Minute of the Board of Admiralty of the 26th September 1765, upon receiving the Opinion of the Attorney General on the State ot David Hawkins's Charge against Captain Clements: And also,

N° 5. Copy of an Order from the Board of Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated 10th October 1763, to make a full and particular Enquiry ir.to the several Articles contained in David Hawkins's Remonstrance: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Report from the Navy Board of the 6th November 1765, on the above Enquiry: And also, N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Captain Clements, dated the 13th November 1765, acquainting him with the Relult of the Navy Board’s Enquiry: And also,

Copies of Letters from the Captains Holmes, Pozv-lett, Toll, and Innes, and Rear Admiral to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and of the Answers thereto; viz.

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Captains Holmes, lett. Toll, and Innes, to Mr. Corbett, dated the 31st March 1749: And allb,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Captains Holmes, Powlett, Toll, and Innes, dated 4th April 1749s

And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear Admiral Knoivles at Jamaica, dated 4th April 1749: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear Admiral Knowles at Porismouth, dated 24th 1749:

And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Clevland to Rear Admiral Knowles, dated 18th October 1749: And also, N° 6. Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Knowles to Mr. Clevland, dated 28th O Ho ber 1749: And alto, Copies of the Orders from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, for assembling Courts-Martial for the Trials of Rear Admiral and the Captains Holmes, Powlett, and

Innes; viz.

N° 1. Copy of an Order from the Lords of the Admiralty, for alTembling a Court Martial for the Trial of Rear. Admiral Knowles, dated the ift December 1740: And also,

N° 2. Copy of an Order from the Lords of the Ad-,

miialty,

19 Geo. III. 150 M. 249

miralty, for assembling a Court Martial for the Trials of Captains Holmes, Powlett, ’Poll, and bines, dated the lft December 174.9: And also,

Copies of Letters from Vice Admiral Griffin and Captain Powlett to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and of the A nfwers thereto; viz.

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Vite Admiral Griffin to Mr. Clevland, dated the ad 1749: And

also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Mr! Clevland to Vice Admiral Griffin ,dated the 3d 1749; And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Captain Powlett, dated the 19th May 1750: And also,

N° 4. Copy ot a Letter from Captain Powlett to Mr. Corbett, dated the 24th Alay 1750: And also,

N° 5. Coov of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Vice Admiral Griffin, dated the 25th 1750: And

also,

N* d. Copy of a Letter from Captain Powlett to the' Secretary of the Admiralty, dated 31st 1750: And also,:

V 7. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Cot belt to Vice Admiral Griffin, dated the lft June 1750: And also, N°8. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Captain Powlett, dated the ill June 1750: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from Captain Powlett to the Secret;.!y of the Admiralty, dated the 4th June 1750: And also,

N° to Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Captain Powlett, dated the 8th June 1730; And also,

Copy of the Sentence of a Court Martial held for the Trial of Captain Cmw, on board the Cornwall, in Port Royal in Jamaica, on the ill of February 1747-8.

Mr Penton also, from the Comm:flicners fi-r executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " Report upon an Order from the " honourable House of Commons, of the 8th Instant, " for Copy of the Complaint made by Captain Clemeats, ot His Majesty’s Ship Vengeance, in December " lath, against a Midlliipman and others of his Crew,

" and of the Order made thereon, or Answer " thereto.’'

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

fonder Lane Lord George Cavendifhreported from the Committee, thetSeld, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road 4c. from Gor ier Lane, in the County of Derby, to Lad. in the West Riding of the County of York; and also the Road branching out of the said Road, at or near Aloflrrough Gteen, in the said County of Derby, to Cloven, in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Tin e, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

wkW A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common wicfure. Common Meadows, Common Pallures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Gp-uods, within the Manor and Parish of Hack!and, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, be committed to Mr.

Vol. 37.

Mr. Hungerford, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Badby Open and Common Field', Common Pastures, Com- Inclosure. mon Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Badby, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Common Meadows, and 01 her Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir William Gdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill fordividing and inclosing a certain Open Com- \vvft mon Arable Field, and also certain Commons and Knighton Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of West Inclosure. Knighton, in the County of Dorset, was read a Second.

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Darner,

Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Or- guofenell der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and lndofure. Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish or Liberties of Bucknell, in the County of Oxford-. And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Brough larging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth under Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and Stainmoor, widening the Roads from the East End of Brough under Roads

Stainmocr, in the County of Westmoreby the End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Fletcher, Sir James Lowther,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Peirfereported from the Committee, to whom Dean, &c.

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for j^coln confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon be- Lor,/m., tween the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Exchange. The Blessied Virgin Mary, of Lincoln, and the Right honourable John Lord Aionfon, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Lincoln, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Sati faflion of the Committee; and that the Committee had chrefled him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Peirfe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Grenville presented to the House, according to Blertoa. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Com- and mon Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and Hulcot Commonable Places, within the Parishes and Liberties nc ofure‘ of Bierton and Hulcot, in the County of And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

3 S An

l

M.\fryharr»pt^n

Inuwiure.

Petrion comp, a mug of

Smuggling.

Carlisle

to

Penrith

Road.

Croptborn

Inclosure.

25° 15 0 Martii. . 1779.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,' the Open Common Fields, Cdmmon Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands and V afte Grounds, in the Parish of , in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Mafeyhin the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Sir William Guise do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Entered and Licensed Traders and Dealers in Teas and Spirituous Liquors, residing in the City of Chichester, and in the Vicinities thereof, in the County 01 SuJJ.x,w hole Names are thereunto fubfaibed, was presented to the l louie, and read; Complaining of the illicit Pustice of Smuggling, and praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the fable.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Cailifle to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith, to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and tVejimoreland, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2.1. 26. At the End of the Line to add "except such as are hereby varied or " altered."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith to Eamont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and Westmoreland.

Ordered, That Mr. Fletcher do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within and belonging to the Township of Cropthorn, in the Parish of Cropthorn, and County of was

committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Three Persons whose Property is of the annual Value of £.58. 21. and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are of the annual Value of £.931.17J.6 d.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Alderman Wilkes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, or several Acts of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Amie, the Eighth Year of King George the I’irft, and the Twenty-Second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the 'County of Midd.'cfex, to Sparrows , in the County of Hertford: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Frederick Stuart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, ma le in the E'e-vertth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragen-unt of the White " Herring Fishery," the Resolution which the C >m-mittee had directed him to report to the H>use; which he read in his Place; and afterwards d iiveretl in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for the " Encouragement of the White Herring Ftlliery,’’ be continued, with Amendments, for a Tunc to be limited.

The said Resolution be'ng read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Reroluiion: And that Mr. Frederick Stuart, Lor i Frederick Campbell, Sir Adam Ferguson, and Sir Archibald Edmomftone, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being infor med that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Older-,

An Account of the Number of Bufles which have been cleared out for the V\ Lite Herring Filljciy at the several Ports in Scotland, from the jth January 1; 71, as far as the same can be made up, with the Number of Men, Tonnage, and Quantity of Fish taken: An.l also.

An Account of the Monies which have been produced out of His Majesty’s Customs in Scotland, and are applicable to the Payment of the Bounties on Vessels employed in the White Herring Fishery, from the 25th Day of December 1771 to the 5th D.y of January 17"9; being as far as the same can be made up: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Bounties which have been paid by the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Customs in Scotland, on the British White Herring Fishery, from the 5th Day of January 1771 to the 4th Day of March 1779; being as tar as the same can be made up: Anti also,

An Account of the Quantity of Herrings entered for Home Conlbmption in Scotland, from the Year 1771 to the Year 1778, both inclusive; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Herrings exported from Scotland, from the Year 1771 to the Year 1773, both inclusive; distinguislii.ig each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Sa.t imported into Scotland, from the Year 1771 to the Year 1778, both inclutne; distinguishing cadi Year.

And then lie withdraw.

And the 1 itles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The

Kilburn

Bridge

*c.

Road.

Herring

tifliery.

Account*;

ilerpng

Fiilicrj.

19 Geo. III.

150 Mar tit.

*5*

The Lords desire Leave for 1 Member to attend them.

Wcndovcf

Buckingham Road.

Aftiby

4e la Z">uch to

Tu’buir

Road.

Market

H»rl>'.rOUgh

Roads.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mn. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire, that this House will give Leave to William Eden, Esquire, a Member of this House, to attend the' House of - Lords, in order to his being examined upon an Enquiry into the Management

0 ( Greenivich Hof pit ah And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Fifteenth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from to the Town of'

Buckingham, and other Roads in the County of

ham, lb far as the same relate to the Road from the Well End of the Town of Beaconsfield, to within Half a Mile of the River Colne, near in the County of Mid:!leftw; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bili, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Affby de-la-7,ouch, in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon , in the County of A'.'afford, and to the Cork Inn in Tut bury. in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The I. -ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Lowers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty* eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Market Harborough, in the County of Leu ester, through ihe Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City of Coventry; without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William House the Younger, and others therein defiribed, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Newell, pursuant to the Will of William Newell, deceased; without any Amendment: And allb. The Lords l ave agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Broom, in the County of Stafford-,without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to that Part of the said Message which relates to William Eden, Esquire, a Member of this House, by Meflen-gers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

um* oice ^'r ^’cy Cooper presented to the House, according Kwpen. to Order, a Bill for licensing and reflating Lottery Onice Keepers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, that the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation that Part of the Message from the Lords, wherein their Lordships desire that this House will give Leave to William Eden, Esquire, a Member of this House, to attend the House of Lords, in order to his being examined upon an Enquiry into the Management of Greenwich pital.

And that Part of the fetid Message was read.

And Mr. Eden, being present, Hood up in his Place, and declared that he was willing, with the Leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordfhi: s in the said Message.

Resolved, That William Eden, Esquire, a Member of

Vol. 37.

this House, have Leave to go t« the Lords, a9 is desired by their Lordlliips in their laid Message, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House hath given Leave to William Eden, Esquire, a Member of this House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in their laid Message, if the said Member thinks lit.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Tozvnjhend do carry the said Message.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish Claxton, otherwise Long Clawfon, in the County of was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hunger-ford, Mr. Luttrell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Ralph Payne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Peter was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bili in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

lloilfc’s

Name.

Broom

Indoiure.

Member.

Leave given for

a Member to attend the Lords.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of permitting, during the present Hostilities with France, certain Goods, enumerated in the Act ot Navigation, to be imported in Bcit[<k-\.>uilt Ships sold to Foreigners; T. :u he was dimfted by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to permit, during the present Hostilities with France, cer^'m Goods, enumerated in the Act of Navigation, to be imported in Bniifh-bCAt Ships sold to Foreigners.

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to permit, during the present Hostilities with France, certain Goods, enumerated in the Act of Navigation, to be imported in British-built Ships sold to Foreigners: And that Mr. Ord and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrvftion to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein for releasing Ships and Goods which have been already brought into this Kingdom since the present Hostilities with France.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order,a Bill to permit, during the present Hostilities with France, certain Goods, enumerated in the Act of Navigation, to be imported in built Ships

sold to Foreigners: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Second Y'ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the keeping of regular, uniform, and Annual Registers of all Parish Poor Infants, under a certain Age, within the Bills of Mortality; and also an Act, made in the Sevenlii Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Parish Poor Children of the several Parishes therein mentioned, within the Bills of Mortality; and to extend the same to the Parish of Saint Patterns, in the County of dlefen, was read the Third Time.

Clsxfon

Inclosure*

Bonnevaun1

Nat.

Good*

imported in

Bfitifti-built Ships.

Ditto.

Parish

Poor

Children.

Mcfney remiited for the Arc, y in America.

Ways

and Meant.

Sir Htith

Pi.ll.fcr

Supply Bill; Lottery, &c.

2 5 2 15° MaA. 1779:

Resolved, That the Bill do -pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the keeping of regular, uniform, and Annual Registers of all Parish Poor Infants, under a certain Age, within the Bills of Mortality; and also an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of H s present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Parish Poor Children of the several Panihes therein mentioned, within the Bills of Mortality; and to extend the same to the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered \That Mr. Sa/ujburyBrereton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Grey Cooper prelected to the House, pursuant to their Older,

A Copy of the now-subsisting Contraft for remitting of Money for the life of His Majesty’s Forces in North America,

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rcfuined the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refutations; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow M ining.

Mr Ord also acquainted the House, That he was di-

rected by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit agtin.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, rftolve irlelf Into a Committee of the whole House, so consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Pent on, from the Commissioners for executing ti e Office of lord High Admiral of Great Britain, p'efcn'.ed to the House, pursuant to their Address to

His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of a I-etfer from Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Fafiferto Mr. Stephens, dated the 19th February 1779: And also,

N® 2 Copy of a I/itter from Mr. Stephens to Sir Hugh Pallijer, dated the 20th of 1779: And

also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Sir Hugh Pallijer, dated the 26 th of Feb 17 79: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Mr. Jackson, Judge Advocate of the Fleet, dated the adth February 1779: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Sir Hugh Pallijer, dated the 8th March 1779.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery’ i without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lantafier; and for repealing several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, and the Fourth and Twenty-third Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in being relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for dividing, metaling, and al otting, certain Commons or Waste Land, lying on the , within the Manor and* Parish of in the County of

Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Knightley,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to continue levera! Laws, relating to the giving further Encouragement lor the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in; to.

the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the Sugar

Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excite; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grea'e; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantitiesol Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Co'onies in America-, and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stares, to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in P e Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating ro the Government of His Majesty’s Ships, Velfi-ls, and Forces, by Sea," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly

The House was also moved, Thar the Account at what Time Vice Admiral Sir exhibited a

Charge against the honourable Adnmai Augustus Keppel, and at what Time Notice of the feme was given t > Admiral Keppel (which was prelected to the Uoufe up;on the 17th Day of December last) might be lead.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Copy of the usual Commission granted since passing the Act for amending, explaining, and reducing info One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, «nd Forces by Sea, to the Commanding Officers of Fleets or Squadrons of Ships of War, empowering them to order Courts Martial (which was presented to the House upon the 8th Day of this Instant March) might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it is the Duty of ti e Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, upon Charg- s exhibited to them of Naval Offences, to direct, refuse, or delay, the holding

Wigan

to

Preston

Read*.

Militia Law*.

Cain hr. m liicloiurc.

Eyp £

Laws.

Pallifcr.

19 Geo. 111.

150 — 16b MartiL

*5}

ing Courts Martial, a1?, upon Consideration of the Circumstances of the Cafe, and a due Exercise of a found Drier. t on, there shall be Occasion;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J

J«».

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Conduct of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, on the pth of December lad, in coming to an immediate Resolution to direct a Court Martial for the Trial of the honourable Admiral Commander in Chief of a Fleet of His Majesty’s Ships of War (on a Charge exhibited against him on that Day by Vice Admiral Sir Hugh P a Member of that Board) was, as far as it proceeded upon the Ground of a supposed Want of a discretionary Power to refuse or delay that Direction, unwarranted by the Letter or. Spirit of the said Act of Parliament, contrary to the antecedent Practice of the Admiralty, and would, if admitted, establish a Principle injurious to the Service, and detrimental to the State; and that the Measure is, upon any other Ground, indefensible, under the actual Circumstances of the Cafe;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Ycas.jJ,^^ |l»l.

Tellers for the Noes. H

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Kefoivedy That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to till near Two of the Clock on Morning, ad-

journed til] this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Martisy 16° die;

Anno 19* Georgii III‘U Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE, by Sir Francis Gentle-

man U flier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

Royal The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Afleut Commission for declaring His Royal A (Tent to several

» Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the imme-

** diare Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s ' Comtniftion afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Act lent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the ' Lord Arch-bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of VOL.37.

Great Britain, the Lord Proficient of the Council, thi Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl of Marchmont,

named also in the fad Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bids are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Intituled, " An Act for " amending, explaining, and reducing intci One Act " of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces by " Sea

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Scafneh to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels:

An Act to Continue an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for regulating Madhouses," for a further Time therein limited:

An Act for the better raising and securing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Masters, in the Universities of Saint Andrews, G/afgozv, Edinburgh, and Ab; and for repealing Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth and Twerity-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for those Purposes:

An Act for the better Relief and Employrnent of the Poor, within the several Hundreds of Hoxne,

and Thredling, in the County ctf Suffolk:

An Act for rendering more beneficial an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing Agreements,

" made between Charles Brandling, Esquire, and other " Persons, Proprietors of Lands, for laying down a " Waggon Way, in order for the better supplying the " Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County " of York, with Coals," by enabling the said Char let Brandling to supply, Annually, a larger Quantity of Coals to and for the Use of the said Town and Neighbourhood; and for regulating the Prices of carrying Coals from the Repository at CajffoH Close:

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Stratford upon Avon, to Edghill, in the County of Warwick, and for repealing the several Laws now in Force relating to the said Road:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " over Skip/on Bridge, through to

" Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, in the Way to " Ripon, and through Ainderby, Questihow, and Nafter-

" field, by Well FlashesGate, to Masham, in the County of York; and likewise for removing the Toll House " and Turnpike Gates at Busby Stobb, in the said County,

" to some other convenient Place in the Road leading " from Boroughbridge to the City of Durham:"

An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, made-in the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from a certain " Place in Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, through " Warboys. Old Hurfi, Saint Ives, Hilton, Eltifiey, Warefiley,

" Gamlingay, and Potion, to a House, called The Spread " Eagle, in Stratton, within the several Counties of " Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedfords"

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty

IT fifth

54 \6 -Marin. A. 1770,

Royal fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repair-Adent h'.o and amending several Roads hading from

in the County of Worcejleand other Roads therein mentioned; and for amending the Road leading from the White Cross, in the Parish of Hanky Cajile, in the said County, to the River Severn:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering lafe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of South Mot ton, in the County of Devon:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of , to the Town of

Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the said County:

An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from a certain Bridge over a Brook or Stream called.

Sudbrook, near the City of to the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, in the County of

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dewsbury to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for. repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield u to the Turnpike Road at Hernstone Lane j and " also the Road branching from the said Road, upon " the East Moor, through and to the

joining of the said Roads again near Wardlow " and also the Road leading between the said Road " and Branch, from Calver Bridge to Bajlow Bridge y " and allb the Road from the Turnpike Road near " Hew haven House to the Turnpike Road near Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby ' . An Act for widening and repairing a Lane called Pitt's or Sheppard's Lleading from the Market House in the Town of ,in the County of

Berks, towards Cookham, in the said County; and for turning the Course of the present Road, leading from Ray Mills and Cookham to the Turnpike Road near Maidenhead aforesaid:

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Fifteenth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham, and other Roads in the County of Buckingham, so far as the same relate to the Road from the West End of the Town of ,to within Half a

Mile of the River Colne, near Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon , in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in Tutbury, in the said County:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roid from the Town of Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City of

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Patetine of Lancaster-, and for repealing several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of King 16

George the First, and the Fourth and Twenty-third Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads:

An Act for dividing, a'lotting, and inclosing, he Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Barkby, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for confirming and establishing the Civilian and Allotment of the Common or Open Fields, and Common Downs, within the Manor of A and Brigmerston ,in the County of Wilts

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, of Croft, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common St inted Pasture, and a certain Moor or Common, within the Manor of West Witton, in the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable 1 ands, within the Ham!et;.yill, or Tything, of Ablington, in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Bint on, and in the Hamlet of Drayton, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Heath, or Waste Land, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Colefliill, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for' dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, within the Parish of Cobham, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Lepton, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Places, in the Lordships or Liberties of Knight Thorpe and Thorpe Acre, in the County of

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of Askwith, in the Parish of Weston, in the county of * York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Stafford:

An Act to difl'olve the Marriage had between the Right honourable Hugh Baron Percy, Lucy,

Fitzpayne, Bryan, and Latimer, and the Right honoura ble Ann Baroness Percy, his Wife; and to enable him to marry again: and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable Nathaniel Lee A cion, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and ule the Surname of Lee, before, and jointly with, the Surname of AHon, pursuant to the Will of Baptist Lee, Esquire, deceased:

An Act to enable William House the Younger, and others therein described, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Newell, pursuant to the Will of William Newell, Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act UTIfon’* for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Hertford and Bucks (the Settled Estates of Jane Willson, the Wife of George Jon, Esquire) in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lauds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, tp b« settled to the same Uses, was read a Secon j Time.

ip Geo. III. 16°M 255

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Milles,

Sir Thomas Egerton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, ai Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Importation A Bill for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, im-oi u.-n ported into the Port of Cowes, in the ljle of Wight, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the 1,‘J‘ al" like Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, are allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to regulate the f‘ Importation and Exportation of Corn," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

tyann A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

Simmy, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Roadi. Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Elton, through the Town of Middlewich, and by Spittle Hill, in Stanthorn, to Winsf Bridge; and from Spittle Hill to the Town of Northw in the County Palatine of Cheder, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crezve, Mr. Ewer, he.:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lfatherhead, Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to sc* whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the lleign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Szvan , at Leatherhead, to The May Pole at the upper End of Spital or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoke, near the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to hv the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Calverton Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray be added to the Genii, cloture. tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and being in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of several of the Land Owners and Persons interested in the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, Forest, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Calverton, in the County of Nottingham.

Pj!0. Sir Cecil Wray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Forest, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Calverton, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Danr« A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Tract of Moor Common or Waste Ground, called Lower Darwen Moor, Inclosure. jn t|ie parj(h of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time,

Voi.,37.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Egerton, Mr. Chester, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Edwards* for making the Exemplification of the last Will and Will Testament of Mary Edwards, deceased. Evidence in all the Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Egerton, Mr. Salusbury Brerelon,h: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to Stanton whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open underBardon Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, and Com- BC 0 ure* mon or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Stanton under Bar don, in the Parish of Thornton, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, who is Owner of One Yard Land, who, on being called upon to sign his Consent, was so ill in Bed that he could not be seen; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of 33 Yard Lands and an Half; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report 1 in' his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questfoa, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term, and alter- Bridgewater ing and varying the Powers, of so much of an Act, made Roadw, in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, so for as relates to the Roads leading to the said Town, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act; for enlarging the Term, and altering and varying the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Road* leading to the Town of Bridgewater, in the County of So».erfet, and other Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Roads leading to the said Town.

Ordered, That Mr. Poidett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Com- Way* mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to and Mean*., consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty or Charge of Five Pounds per Centum be laid upon the Produce and Amount of the

Supply Bill; Lottery Office Keepers.

Goods

imported in British-built

Ships.

Expiring

Laws.

25 6 16® — if

the several Duties artel Revenues under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Excile in Great Britain (except on the Produce of the Duty on Malt, Beer, Soap, Tallow Candles, and Hides) the said additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum to be charged, collected, paid, and drawn back, under the same Rules and Regulations, and in the tame Manner and Form, as the present Duties of Excise are now charged, collected, paid, and drawn back.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty or Cuarge of Fifteen Pounds per Centum be laid upon the Produce and Amount of the several Duties upon Malt, charged by an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for granting to his Majesty <e-veral Duties upon Malt, and for other Purposes; the said additional Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Centum to be charged, collected, and paid, under the same Rules and Regulations, and in the same Manner and Form, as the Duties charged by the said Act are now charged, collected, and paid.

The fa'd Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Questton severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen

who ate appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Ten last Resolutions, which, upon Friday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House; That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions now agreed to by the House.

A Bill for lice:ling and regulating Lottery Office Keepers, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to permit, during the present Hostilities with France, certain oods, enumerated in the Act of Navigation, to be imported in British-b\i\\l Ships sold to Foreigners, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws, relating to the giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America £ to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excile; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the 1 emulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers in America', to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in; and to the

allowing a Drawback of the' Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to extend the Provisions 16

' Martii. ’ A. 1779.

of so much of art Ad, made in the Seventeenth Ycat of H is present Majesty’s Reign, as allows a Drawback of the Duties on Rum lliipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, to Rum shipped as Stores on board Merchant Ships, to be consumed by His Majesty’s Troops.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the bell Means for preparing and preserving of Timber for the Use of His Majesty’s Dock Yards.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in being, relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

------------------------ 4

Mercurii, 170 Martii;

Anno 19* Georgii IIIli) Regis, 1779. Prayers.

"\IR. Page presented to the House, according to IvA Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Hamlet of Dean, in the Parish of in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of William Huthz Bartholomew Wight-

man, William Rhodes, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribeef, on behalf of themselves and several other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of ancient Houses, having Right of Common in, over, and upon, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Forest, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitionersobserve, by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Forest, and Waste Grounds, of or belonging to the said Parish; which Bill, if it should pass into a Law, will not only be highly prejudicial to the Rights and Properties of the Petitioners, but also, as they conceive, very' injurious to the Public in genera!; And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themfevles or Counsel against the said Bill, and have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow?, Pastures, Commons, Forest, and Waste

Grounds,

Preserving Timber for the Dock Yuds*

Militia La a 1.

Dnn

Inclosure.

Calve rtoa Indoiurc.

IVr’s Inn tory^ch GkiV*Uury RtfcJ.

Himbletoa

ladolure.

Sramoa

under

Bardoa

lnciolure.

19 Geo. III. ii° Mar fi257

Grounds, in the Parish of Culver ton, in the County of Nottingham, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counfe' be admitted to be heard, at the ftme Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

upm Monday Morning next.

Mr. T-id-way reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill f >r continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the SvCond, and in tire Fourth Year of the Reign of F;s p.elent Majesty, for repairing the Road from I'ipjr's Inn to GLifionbury, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Piper's Inn aforesaid to y , in

the font County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegaiions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One{ and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossld.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and all other Commonable Land, within the Manor and Parish of Him-bleton, in the County of W, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with and that the Committee had examined the Allegation' of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, whole Property in the said Fields amounts to about /.60 a Year; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed, amount to the Annual Value of^. 1,003, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared bet ;re the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through th<* Bill, and made several Amendments there-unro; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in h;s Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common or Waste Grounds, within the Township of ton under Bar don, in the Parish of , in the County of Leicester, w'as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And That the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Open M adows, Common Pastures, and Common or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Stanton imder Bardon, in the Parish of Thornton, in the County of Leicester.

Vol. 37

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and def.re their Concurrences

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws, relating to the giving futther Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in; to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excile; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee hats made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place p and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Skipwith reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Waste Land, within the Parish of Berber bury, othenvile in the County of Warwick, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Edward Watts, a Proprietor of L L and Grounds, within the Open and Common Fields of *

berbury, otherwise Harbury, in the County of on

Behalf of himself, and several other Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, within the said Fields, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard Counsel in support of the said-Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Eighteen Yard Lands, and Three Quarters of a Yard Land, who declared themselves Neuter; and also, except the Owners of Nine Yard Lands, One Quarter, and One Eighth Part of a Yard Land, who declared they would oppose the Bill; and also, except the Owners of One Y ard Land, One Quarter, and One Eighth Part of a Yard [.and, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed, consists of One hundred and Twenty-two Yard Lands, or thereabouts) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the better Regulation of Prisons, and Houses of Correction, within the Kingdom of and Dominion of Wales, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Herbert

3 U,

Expiring

Lawn*

Herberbury

lndoiurc*

Regulation of

Prions, &c.

158 \fMartii. 1779.

Mackworth, Mr. Howard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Supply Bill; Ordered. That the Order of the Day, for the House Luuerv office to ref0;ve jtself into a Committee of the whole House, ec*,s‘ upon the Bill for licensing and regulating Lottery Office K-epers. be now rea I.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Importation Ordered, That the Otder of the Day, for the House of Corn. rcfo}ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing Corn, G.ain, and Flour, imported into the Port ot Cowes, in the I fie of to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restri<ftions as Corn, Grain, and Flour; are allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation " and Exportation of Corn," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossld.

Bakm A Bill to enable Persons to exercise the Trades of Bin"; ers Bakers and Butchers, although they shall not have been Apprentice- brought up as Apprentices in the said Trades, was read ships- a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord On?ley, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ditto. A Petition of the Maftfcr, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Company of Bakers, in the City of London, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Bakers, within the Limits of the Assize of the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the said City, was presented to the Hoafe, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have seen a Copy of a Bill depending in tire House, to make it lawful for Persons to let up and exereffe the

Trade of a Baker, although- they shall hot have been brought up as Apprentices therein, upon an Allegation in the said Bill, that it may tend;tb reduce the present high Price of Bread; and that" the > Pertioners appre*." hend the Price of Bread has of late, and is at present,; much lower than in general it has Been for n^any Years past; and that the'Bakers have it not in their Power at any Time to increase the Price thereof, the^atue wholly depends, in'all Places were an Afflzd is' ict, upon the Price of Corn and Flour, and the- Allbw.tAce of lire Magistrates to the Baker for his Profit arid Expenses, which Allowance in London is the tone now as it ever has been, notwithstanding the ’ very great Increase of the Expences of their Trade, exclusive of those- Burthens which the Calamity of the Times inflicts on thefri in common with the rest of their Fellow Submits; and that the Number of Bakers in and about the Metropolis being considerably increased of late Years, the Quantity of Bread made and fold is not Co great'as it u’let for* merly to-be, most of them being capable of making, with the- same Hands more Bread than thTy now do, if there was a Demand for it; and that the''Trade of a Baker being principally carried bn with the Afliftar.ee of pdor Apprentices, the Petitioners conceive', that, should the said Bill pats'into a Law, it would be extremely prejudicial to the Bakers, particularly to those, in Corporate Towns, as Apprentices Would be thereby discouraged from coming into a Trade which was open to all Persons to exercise, and the M iller. Bakers con-., sequently be obliged, at a great Increase of Expence, to employ, for Want of Apprentices, J Urneymen who.' are free of such Corporate Towns, and who arp not at all Times to be got; and that, there being ah Art Or . Mystery in making Bread, and more elpccially- large ' Baches of that Sort of Bread which i5 f >r Sale, and in general required, ih great Cities or Towns, the Petitioners conceive, that the enabling Persons to cxeir-cife the Trade, who have not served an Apprenticeship thereto, may tend to introduce bad Bread, and pi event the Public from having so good a Commodity as it i$ in general allowed they now have: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as affect the Petitioners, or that the House will afford them such other Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, 10 whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

An Account of the Distribution of £. 1,000,000, granted to his Majesty, to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services, for the Year 1778.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An

Account

Arms

Extras.

19 Geo. III. 17* Martii. 2 59:.

Ak ACCOUNT of the Distribution of£. 1,090,000, the Sum granted to Mis Majesty, to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services for the Year 1778.

Dates of Wartams.

1778. March 4.

9-

April 14. May 11.

28. June 19. Jttly 17,

3°*

Sept. 28.

Gflober 9. Nov. 5.

To Thomas Harley and Henry Drummond, Esquires, to be by them applied and inverted in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces in North America To Ditto, for Ditto Service . - - - - *

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for D'tto Service - - - <- - -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service, in Part of a Warrant for £. 104,570. 5.7.

War Office, 17th March 1779.

C. Jenkinson,

27,175 1*

19,183 11 7 9,717 2 — f

50,000 — —

*7 *3SS 5 5

25,000 -

93>o85 i 106,967 n 9 104768 1 7

74,129 19 99.406'18

50,006 -

100,0c o —

i8J>557 7

37>649 *3 7

1,000,000----

Ordered, That the said Account do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Denting

Ministers

anH

l.oolmaftsrs

Mr. Frederick Montagu, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of granting further Relief to Protestant Dissenting Ministers and School-Masters; That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, T1 ;at Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Relief of Protestant Dillenting Ministers and School-Masters.

And Mr. Frederick Montagu moved the House accordingly.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Four Months;

The House divided.

lire Yeas went forth.

rr. „ r . v t Sir tellers for the Yeas,-I c. D Ar

I Sir Roger Nevedtgate:

6.

Tellers for lire Nots.l f!r' t 77.

I rvir. Alderman 1

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Relief of Protestant Drfifeming Ministers and School-Mailers: And That Mr. Frederick Sir Henry Ho Hi tort, Mr. Fox, Mr. Burke, Mr. Thomas Townsheni, bn George Forge, Sir George Savi/e, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Turner, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, Sir Geo ye Robinson, and Sir William Howe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

V©u 37.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in being relative tb the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The iaid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday -Scorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill to permit, during the present Hostilities with France, certain Goods, enumerated in the Act of Navigation to be imported in built Ships sold to

F oreigners.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mom ing, Ten of the Clock.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Good

imported in British built Ships.

Tittenfor

Row.

Himbleton

Iaclosure.

Bonnrrauxs

Wat.

8° Mar

A. 1779.

yovisy . 18° die Martii;

Anno 19* Georgii III'" Regis, 1779. Prayers.

THE Lord Trentham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Three several Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of Queen and in the Eighth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittenfor, and ihe moll Northern Part of Talk

the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford-, and al o of the Creditors who have lent Money upon the Credit of the Toils arising from the Bars eroded upon the said Road, by virtue of, a^d under, the said Acts; and also of several other Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others, redding in the County of Stafford, near to the said Road, whole Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Ordtrs of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that th - Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe-titijn; and had difeded him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followet h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr Thomas Fenton being examined, laid, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Mo ney upon the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied according to the Di-redions of the said Acts. That there is now due upon ti e Credit of the said Aids, the Sum 1,900 y which cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually repaired, unless the said Acts are further continued, and some further Powers granted. And he further laid. That the Road from Darlaflone Bridge, over Tittenfor Heath, through the Village of TiltenJ'or, is in a bad Condition, narrow in many Parts, and cannot be effectually repaired and amended by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Laws row in Force for repairing the Road leading from the Town or Village of Tittenfor, to the moll Northern Pat of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford-, and for repairing the Road from tone Bridge, over Tittenfor Heath, through the Town or Village of Tittenfor aforesaid: And that the Lord 7 ham and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and all other Commonable Land, within the Manor and Parish of Himbleton, in the County of was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common F elds, Meadows, Pattures, and all other Commonable Land, within the Manor and Parish of Himbleton, in the Couniv of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the-Lords, aijd desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Peter Bonne-vaux, was read the Third Time.

Or fton F vo d

Iuwloarc.

Cropthori

Inch.u*

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Peter Bailie

Ordered, That Sir. lla/ph do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

I f

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all oiiier Commonable Land, in the Parish of Grafton Flyford, in the County of cester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pa's:* And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open a. d Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land in the Parish of Grafton Flyford, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within and belonging to the Township of Crept hern, in the Parish of Cropthorn, and County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafc, And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and al' other Commonable I and, within and belonging to the Townlh.p of Cr opt horn, in the Parish of Croptkorn, and County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do c.u,y the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing Corn, Grain, a"d Impor-atio* Flour, imported into the Port of the of of

Wight, to be landed without Payment the Duties, 5^'"he under the like Restriftn-ns as Com,'Grain, and Flour, ifleofWigbt* are allowed to be landed at the several Parts mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His pre-font Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to regulate " the Importation and Exportation of Corn," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Port of Cnoes, in the I fie of to

be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like RellriftLms as Corn, Grain, and Fiour, are allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Ye r of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to regulate the " importation and Exportation of Corn."

Ordered, That Sir Richard'Worjhydo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws, relating to the giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the Britif: Colonies in America; to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grea.e; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Custo i s, and Naval Officers in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America \ and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be tonfumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that* the Title be, An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America \ to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excite; to the discontinuing the Duties payable-upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers in America; to the allowing the Exportation

Exnmng.

Law

Worcester

Bridge.

ip Geo. III. 18° Mart it. %6i

pprtation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America-, and to the alluvving a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be confirmed on Board Merchant Ships on their V oyages.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire tlyeir Concurrence.

Mr. Waljh reported from tl}e Committee, to whom

the Petition of several Trustees for putting into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of flis present Majesty, for building Bridge at f, Vorcefier, over the River Severn, and for opening convenient Avenues to the said Bridge, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward* delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same Was read; and is as foll. we'h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Michael Brown, Clerk to the said Trustees, being

examined, laid, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Exe< ution of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of £. 5,320 upon the Credit of the Tqlls authorized to he -.odected by virtue thereof. That the Money so borrowed, an*! also the Tolls and other Money collected and received by virtue of the said Act, have been applied towards building the Rid Bridge (except the Sum of 8 or £.900, which is now in the Treasurer’s Ha.res) and t at great Progreis has been made therein; but the Trustees find it win require a very considerable Sum, over and above the Produce of the Tolls now authorized to be raised, to enable them to finish and complete the said Bridge, and to open convenient Avenues to the fame, agreeable to the DirectLns of the Rid Act. T en,

Mr. John Gwynn, Architect, produced to your Committee a Plan of the said Bridge: and laid the Bridge was begun about the Year 17-0. That the Arches are finished, and the Cornice is putting on; but that it will require a considerable Sum more to complete it.

Your Committee then called Mr. who

ha-'* been Foreman otthe Works about Twelve Months; who said, he had a few Days ago surveyed the old Bridge, and that it was in a very decayed State. That he knew it Nine Years ago (the Time the Act for building the new Budge paRed) and it then wanted repairing. and that it has only been considered as a temporary Br dge ever since.

Mr Gwynn being again examined, said, That he is

lure the old Bridge will not stand another Winter.

It appeared to your Committee, by Articles Agreement entered into between the said Trustees and Robert Newman, dated the 7 th of Align ft 1770, That the said Robert Newman undertook the building of the said Bridge, according to the Plan made by Mr. Gwynn (and which was approved of by the said Trustees, at a Meeting on the lft of August 1 770) for the Sum of £.4,319, and also to make several Roads leading thereto, which were mentioned in an Estimate delivered in by Mr. Gzvynu to the said Trustees, at the said Meet-

ing, for the further Sum of £.840; and that the said Mr. Newman was to enter into a Bond, with a Surety, in the Penalty of £.2,000, lor the Performance of the said Works.

It also appears, by the Minutes of the said Trustees of the 2d of September 1771, Teat in consequence of very high Flood, the Trustees agreed that the new-intended Bridge, contrafted for by Mr. should be raised Two Feet Nine Inches higher than was intended by Mr. Gtvynn s Plan j and the said Mr. Gwynn having delivered in to the said Trustees an Estimate of the Expence of raising the said Bridge, amounting to Vol. 37.

£.759. 18;. yd. and that Mr. Newman undertook to perform the Work for that Sum, and entered into Articles with the Trustees, on the 9th of 1771*

accordingly.

It also appeared to your Committee, by the Minutes of the Trustees of the ift December 1773, Thar, the faic|

Mr. ‘Nezvman having relinquished Ins Conrraft, the Trustees ordered that Notice fli mid be published in the Worcester Journal, that there would be a Meeting

of the said Trustees on Wednesday the 22d Inftuut, for receiving Rropolafs for complicating the said Budge and Roads according to the afqreRid Pian; and tt apr peared by thp Miqutes of that Pay? that Mr. William,

Thcmpfon of Litchfield, made a Proposal of executing the Work that Mr. Newman had undertaken, for the Sum of £. 6,158. zs 6d., and to give£ 1,000 Security for the Performance of the fame, and to allow to the said Rruftees for all the Work that had been execute^ by the said Mr Newman.

And it appeared to y ur Committee, that both Mr.

Newman and his Surety were dead, and that they died insolvent.

Then Mr. Thrown produced Articles of Agreement entered into between the said Trustees and the said William Thompson, dated the 29th of June 17^6, by

which it appears he was to complete the Work in Three Years, from Christmasthen ensuing, or to forfeit £.5 per Month, for every Month he exceeded that Term and to enter into a Bond, wipb a Surety of £ f.ooq.

Mr. Brown also produced tp yogr Committee, a Bond, dated the 29th of June 1774, by which it appeared, that Thomas Storer, of Litchfield, became bouncj in the Penalty of £. 1 coo for Mp per?

fonnance of the above Contraft.

And the Witness being asked. Whether any Steps had been taken to recover the porf.it.ires incuired on Account of the Non-performance of the Contraft? he said Mr. Thompson had nut been profecuu d at Law;

but it appeared, by several Letters produced to your Committee, that he had been threatened, and that he declared himself totally unable to fulfil it.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge at ovpr the

River Severn, and Tor opening convenient Avenues to the Rid Bridge, to finish and complete the said Bridge, and to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution: And that Mr. Waljh, Mr- Mr.

Lygon, and Mr. Foley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Dealers in Teas and Spirits, re- Petition (iding in the ('owns of Bury Saint , Complaining

filewmarket, Stowmarket, and other adjacent Towns and Smuggling. Villages, in the County of Suffolk, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was pretented to the House, and read; Complaining of the illicit Practice of Smuggling, and praying Rebel in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Rid Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported ffopi the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole I jonfe, to whom the Bil) Lottery Office for licensing and Fegulating Lottery Office Keepers, was ^ecPers* couimitted; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they !,iad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where ,the Amendments were once read throughout; and thep 4 ^econu Time, One by One; and, upon jthe Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Ho ale.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. *

3 X A Message

18° Martii.

Sup; ly Bill; Militia.

Dunfley

and

Haifcott

Inclosure.

Writ

Stower

Tythes.

Willingham

Inclosure.

White Sheet Hill,

&c

Road.

Bath

hospital.

Scourfield’s

Estates.

Amfinck’s

Nat.

Account;

E*cife.

161

j. 1779.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine i without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Common', or Parcels of Waste Lands, called Duns ley and Haff-cott Commons, within the Manor and Parish of otherwiL Kiu/are, in the County of without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extinguishing the Cattle Gates or Leas upon certain Stinted Partures, within the Parish of fVejl Slower, in the County of DorJ'et; and for allotting Lands in Exchange for Part of the Glebe Lands, and for the said Cattle Gates or Leas belonging to the Impropriator of the said Parish; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Furze, Leys, Stinted Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Willingham, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Dor jet, Somerset, and Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act more effectually to enable the President and Governors of the Hospital or Infirmary at established

by an Act passed hi the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for establishing and well-governing an Hospital or Infirmary in the City of Bath, " to take, or acquire, and hold, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Interestin Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and any Money or Personal Property to be laid out in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pursuant to any Will or ot'nerwife, to the Amount limited in the said Act; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Settled Estates of Henry Scourfield, Esquire, situate in the County of Brecon, and for purchasing other Estates in the County of Pembroke, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Amftnck; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Payments made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners of Excise, from the 5th of January 1778 to 5th July 1778; distinguishing the

Money paid on each Article; And also,

An Account of the Payments made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners of Excise, from the 5th July 1778 to 5th January 1779; distinguishing the Money paid on each Article.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Bolron Moors, Open Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Bolton, in the Parish of Morland, in the County of West mwas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fletcher, Mr Ba/dwyn,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Dundas presented to the House, according to Bounty

Order, a Bill for further continuing Two Acts, made on

in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Liuen*.

Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of Brit iff and drifts Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, made of FJax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British Checqued and Striped Linens, and upon British and Irish Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheetings, and other Linen, of above a certain Breadth: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Edward Aftley presented to the House, accord- Darfingham ing to Order, a Bill for- dividing, allotting, and in- Incioiure. doling, the several Whole Year Lands (except certain Lands called Darfingham Marshes, the loie Property of Dixon Hoste, Esquire, and the Impropriator’s Glebe)

Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Shack Meadows, and Heaths, and other Commons, Waste and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of otherwise

Derftugham, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the City of in

the County of Cumberland, to the Market and SeaPort

Town of Workington, in the said County, so far as the same relates to the Road between the Town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Lowther, Mr. Loivther, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Carlisle

to

Workingtoa

Road*

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act ScourfieM'a

for Sale of the Settled Estates of Henry Scourfield, Estates-

Esquire, situate in the County of Brecon, and for purchasing other Estates in the County of Pembroke, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Hv.use was moved, That an Act, made in the Salmo* Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Fliliene* first: intituled, " A Penalty for taking of Salmons at " certain Times of the Year, " might be read.

And the same being read accordingly,

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine into the General Acts of Parliament, now in being, relative to the Salmon Fisheries within that Part of Great Britain called England; and that they do report their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And

ItfT

DO

Cl

t

'3

JJt

Vote?* at

Cminty

Elections*

Petition from the

Scotch Carbolics: Outrages of the Populace,

19 Geo. III. 180 16$

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Herbert Mackworth, Sir James Lo&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perl'ons, Papers, and Records, and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections: And that Sir Cecil Wray and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of his Majesty’s Roman Catholic Subjects of North Britain being offered to be presented to the House,

The Lord North, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth That we, your Petitioners, the Roman Catholics residing in the Cities of and

gozo, beg Leave, with the mcfl profound Respect and Deference, to lay before this honourable House the Treatment wc have lately met with from the Fury of a miiguided Populace, and to implore that Redress and Protection which we are persuaded this honourable House will think that our Wrongs require, and which the known Justice and Humanity of the Legifla-

ture give us Ground to expect: We, and the rest of our Brethren in Scotland, have, for a long Series of Years, endeavoured, by our inoffer.five and dutiful Conduct, to approve ourselves harmld's and useful Subjects of the British Empire; and were ready to embrace,

with Pleasure, every Opportunity of serving our County though at the Expense of our Lives and Fortunes: Encouraged by the Spirit of Humanity and Toleration, which we had Kealon to believe distinguished an cn-lightened and liberal Age, and having immediately in our View the late Relaxation of the Penal Laws against our Fellow Subjects (lie Roman Catholics of England, we ventured to hope that the same Indulgence might at lead, in home Respect, be shewn to us; and we flattered ourselves, that our loyal and submissive Behavior upon that Occasion, and our Willingness to have our Relief postponed, when the Bill was brought in for the Relief of the Roman Catholics of England, did, in feme Degree, entitle us to it: Conscious of the Justice of our Hopes, and of the Innocence of our Conduct, we beheld with Concern, that the very Circumstance of our Humility and Duty in postponing our Relief, in-ftcad of reconciling the Minds of tome mistaken Persons to us, was made use of to exasperate the lower People into Dispositions of great Violence: The public Papers were filled with the mofl virulent and inflammatory Advertisements; Pamphlets were published and dispersed every where among the Populace, representing us, in tire most unjust and odious Colours, as Enemies to Society, and unworthy of being allowed an Ex-iflence; Invitations were sent throughout all Scotland, encouraging the People to join all their Intcrell and Purles to oppose all attempts to allow us the smallest Part of the Rights of Subjects: The Consequences of all this were i'uch as might be expeCled; the Common People were every where stirred up to the utmost Rage and Fury against us, and the Public Papers were daily filled with llesolutions of Boroughs, Incorporations, Societies, Paddies, tdc. from several Parts of Scotland, drenuously to oppose any Attempt that might be made in Parliament to do any Thing in our Favour: YVe, on our Part, considering the Spirit which had by such unjustifiable Arts been raffed against us, and the seditious Tendency of many of those Means which had been used to inflame the people, and dreading the Consequences of their en-thufiaftic Fury, if raised to a certain Point, did, of Vol. 37.

our own accord, chearfully give up every Thought of applying to Parliament while that Ferment laded, choosing rather to podpone our own Ease to some mpre quiet Time, than to endanger the Peace of our Country; and this our Resolution was, immediately, in the most dutiful Manner, signified to the proper Officer of State: We hoped, that this convincing Proof, the greated that could be given of our Submission to Government, and our peaceable Disposition, if it did not reconcile the Peop’e to us, would at lead put an End to those Animosities which their groundless Apprehensions had raised against us; but in this we were greatly midaken: The enthusiadic Fury which had been excited in their Minds was got to such a Height, that they fecnied to be but the more obdinately bent on our Ded ruction; the Minds of the Populace in Edinburgh and Glasgow continuing irritated against us, and this Irritation being kept up by Art, a most violent Tumult arole; the Multitude, notwithstanding the Endeavours of the Magistrates of both these Cities, proceeded to the greated Extremeties, plundered our Effects, burned and destroyed our Houses, insulted our Persons, and even threatened the Lives of several, had they fallen into their Hands: We do not vvifh to exaggerate any Part of their Disorders, or of our Sufferings, or even to expose at large to this honourable House what wc wish we could with Safety to ourselves bury in eternal Oblivion. In these distressing Circumstances, to whom can we fly for Relief and Protection, but to the Justice and Humanity of Parliament ? By the Severity of the Laws against us, we are in a great Measure precluded from all legal Redress, and on that Account inferior Courts have it not in their Power to help us; it is the Legislature alone that can proiect us, and it is from their Goodneis alone that we expect to be protected: But, while we throw ourselves with Confidence upon the Mercy of Parliament, we beg Leave, with the most profound Submission, to make the Nature of our Requed fully known to this most respectable Body: In the first Place, we are far, very far, from entertaining a Resentmer.t against any one whatsoever, or from desiring that any l’crfon shoukl be called to Account, much lei’s should be punished, for the Injury done to us: We forgive from the Bottom of our Hearts; and, should any Perfort be taken into Cudody, orproiecuted upon our Account, it wc were worthy to be heard, we should presume to petition in the most earned Manner for his Pardon: This we declare, not from a Conscious-ness of having done any Thing that could dcierve the cruel Treatment we have met with, our Conscience is perfectly clear as to that, our Behaviour has been blame-lcfs both as Subjects and Citizens, and we challenge our greated Enemies, even those who have burned our 1 loufes and attempted our Lives, to prove any Breach of Duty against us in either respect; but we do it because it is the real Disposition of our Minds, dictated by Reason, and enjoined by our Religion: In the second Place, we chearfully lay alide all Thoughts of asking any Relaxation of the severe Laws against us at this Time: Indeed we cannot help thinking it very hard, that we alone should be wholly denied that Relief which has been in some Degree granted to our Brethren in all other Parts of his Majesty’s Dominions: Our Claim to such Relief is no Id's founded in Justice than theirs; but wc are sensible that, considering the present Flame which is raised against us, it might disturb the Peace of our Country to infid upon it, and on that Account alone we abstain, in the present Circumstances from defiling it, proteding always to this honourable House, and to the World, that our Conlctence acquits us of any Offence, either in Opinions or Actions, which can render us deserving of those Laws of extreme Rigour to which we submit; and that we are perfectly ready to give the most effectual Pro fs which the Wisdom of the Legislature can lugged, of our Fidelity to His Majesty, and Attachment to the Consti-

tution

164 r 8° — 190 Martii. ^f.1779.

Petition from the Scotch Catholics: Outrages of the Populace.

tution of our Country; but though we abandon wholly our Refcntments, and even dutifully suspend our Petitions for thofj Rights of Subjects to which we conceive in all Humility that we are entitled, the Duty of Self-preservation will not suffer us to renounce all Claim to every fort of Protection; nor will the Narrowneis of our private Circumstances, and the Justice which several of us owe to our unhappy Families now utterly ruined, permit us to relinquish our humble Endeavours for Compensation for our heavy Losses from the Equity and Humanity of the Public: Had the severe Penal Laws 'been regularly put in Execution against us, had we been legally tried and condemned to suffer forieiVing Almighty God as our Conscience dictates, from the profound Respect we bear to the Laws of our Country, we lboukl have borne our hard Lot with Patience, as we already have often done without Complaint or Murmur;but we cannot help thinking it extremely hard to be exposed to the Fur)' of a lawless Multitude, without the lmalleft Provocation on our Parts, and to be so cruelly and inhumanly treated by them, without any Form of Trial, without being heard, examined, and legally condemned. What therefore we most humbly, and with the most profound Submission, venture to request is, That this honourable House, taking ourCafe into Confederation, would be graciously pieaied, in such a Manner as they fee fit, to find Means of Compensation to Persons utterly unable to bear them for the heavy Losses we have so unjustly fuf-tained-, and, seeing that we must still be exposed to the same barbarous Treatment from the desperate and mif-guided Zeal of the same furious People, if some effectual Protection be not given to us, that this honourable House would further be plealed to provide, for our future Safety, that, until the Laws can be coolly reconsidered, our Persons and Property may have (bme Security from such lawless Outrages for the time to come, by taking such Measures as they shall judge most adequate to that End. We most humbly beg Leave to assure this honourable House, that this our earnest Request for Protection is not made without the strongest Reason; for the same unprovoked Enemies, who have hitherto persecuted us in so cruel a Manner, far from being farisfied with their late Success, have made it a Ground for further Violence; those who have never threatened us, without executing their Menaces, have publishecj and dispersed a Sort of Manifcfto, calling upon all Orders of People strictly to enforce the Execution of the most sanguinary Laws upon us, denying the Authority of Parliament to repeal those Laws, or any other Laws made before the Union, threatening the Magistrates with the same Violence which they have employed against your Petioners, if they do not cause them to be executed; representing those Means of banishing and putting to Death your Petitioners, as their Rights and Privileges, and proposing Associations against buj ing or felling, borrowing or lending, or having any of the ordinary Intercourse of Society with those of our Religion, and threatening to proceed against all who shall refuse to join them in those Measures, as if they were Papists; and they have, in their late violent Attempts against some of the most respectable Characters in the established Church of ',shewn

how far they are capable of acting against such as discover any Degree of Moderation in their Sentiments: In a Word, nothing can be more deplorable, and (without the effectual Aid of the Legislature) more hopelef*, than our Condition. We humbly presume that this our Request will appear neither diifelpeft-ful nor unreasonable to this honourable House; and we hope the Justice and Humanity of that respectable Body, whole favourite and noblest Prerogative is to be the Protestors of the injured, and the Defenders of the Rights of that People whom they represent, will be graciously pleased to take us into their Protection, who have nothing more at Heart than to *7

demean ourfdves as dutiful Subjects, and good Citizens, and who by our Loyalty to our Prince, and by our innocent and Submissive Behaviour, will make it our constant Endeavour to merit their Favour and Approbation.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Directors of the India Company do lay before this House, % Copy, or Extract of the General Letter to them from the Governor General and Council in Bengal, sent by the Syren Packet, and referred to in the first Part of their Letter to the Directors, dated the nth June 1777.

A Motion being made, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of a proper Angmen-tation of the Salary of the Chief Justice of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench at Westminster \

The Lord North., by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty recommends to the House, the Consideration of a proper Augmentation of the Salary of the Chief Justice of His Majesty’* Court of King’s Bench at Westminster.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salary of the Chief Justice of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench at Westminster.

The other Order of the Day deing read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit, during the present Hostilities with France, certain Goods, enumerated in the Act of Navigation, to be imported in built

Ships (bid to Foreigners.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 190 die Martii;

Anno 19* Georgii III. U Regis, 1779.

Pr A YER.S,

THE House being informed that Mr Caw ns. Clerk of the Company of Mercers of the City of London, attended at the Door; he was called in; and at t heBar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the roth of October 1777 to "the 10th of October 1778, directed to be laid before " each House of Parliament, by Two Acts, one of "the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and " Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City " of London; " and the other of the Fourth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, " -intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Bond and

other

Ball India Affairs.

Supply.

Goods

imported

m

Britishi-built

Ships.

Account

from the Mercer’s Company.

19 Geo. III. 19* Martii. 265

other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of " the White Herring Fishery:" And the same was re- the Mystery of Mercers of the City of Londonccived; and read the First Time.

And then he withdrew; That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Tabid, Mr. Plamer reported from the Committee, to whom Rivet Let to be pt-ruled by the Members of the House. the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in or Navigation.

The laid Taper is preserved amongst the other by virtue of Two several Acts of Parliament, made in Papers of this Session. the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, and the Seventh Year of the

Gander Lane An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Reign of His present Majesty, for ascertaining, pre-to from Gander Lane, in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, serving, and improving, the Navigation of the River ShcHieid, jn t|,e YVelt Riding of the County of York-, and also Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, and Middlesex;

Rwd. Ihe Road branching out of the said Road, at or near and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and of fe-M'Jbrough Green, in the said County of Derby, to Clown, veral Traders, Navigators, and others* concerned or in the same County, was read the Third Time. interested in the said Navigation, was referred j That

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the Committee had examined the Matter of the said be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as Gander Lane, in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in it appeared to them, to the House: and he read the the West Riding of the County of York/ and also the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Road branching out of the said Road, at or near Mof- Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as brough Green, in the said County of Derby, to Clown, in followeth; viz.

the same County. To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Acts were read:

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. And it appeared by the said Acts, That Power was given to the said Trustees to collect and receive certain Piper’s Inn An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al- Tolls and Monies therein mentioned,'and to borrow Ghfloubo terinS enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made and raise, by Way of Loan or Annuity, such Sum and JlMd.0ry *n Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- Sums as they should think necessary, for the better and jesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year most speedily carrying the said Acts into Execution! of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Then

Road from Piper's Inn to Glastonbury, and several other Mr. Benjamin Lewis, Surveyor to the Trustees, pro-

Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset, duced to your Committee a Plan of the Navigation, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, and laid, he was employed by the Trustees in the Year the Road from Piper's Innaforesaid to Athe/ney Bridge, in 1769; that he had been acquainted with the Naviga-t.’ie same County, was read the Third Time. tion ever since; and that all the Cuts described in the

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; And that the Title said Plan have been completed, except the Cut by the be, An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts, Side of Tottenham Mill Head, and, to the belt of his made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and Knowledge, in a workmanlike Manner. And, the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing Mr. Benjamin Rooke, Clerk to the Trustees, being the Road from Pipe's Inn to Glastonbury, and several examined, laid. That the Trustees have proceeded in other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed the Somerset; and for repairing the Road from Piper's Inn Sum of £. 35,000, at £.4. per Cent, by Way of Loan, aforesaid t 0 Athe/ney Bridge -, and also for paving, cleansing, payable by Installments, commencing from the Date of

and lighting, the City or B> rough of Wells, in the the Bonds, which was the a6th of December 1767 and

said County; and for removing and preventing En* ending at 1771} and had allb borrowed the

croachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein. Sum of £.47,196. 1 by Way of Annuities for

Ordered, T!iat Mr. Tudwaydo carry the Bill to the Lives; and have also issued Bonds to the several Per-Lords, and desire their Concurrence. fons to whom Money was due for Work done relative to

the said Navigation, to the Amount of £.9,300, at Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for licensing and regulating Lottery £. 5. per Cent.-, that the Monies raised were paid into Lottfr Office Office Keepers, was read the Third Time. the Hands of the Bankers, and drawn out afterwards

Keeper*. Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title by the Orders of the Trustees, and applied to the dif-be, An Act for licensing and regulating Lottery Office ferent Purposes of the Navigation.

Keepers. And he produced to your Committee an Account

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the of the particular Sums borrowed, at £. 4. per Cent, j

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. and also a List of the Persons to whom such Bonds

have been given; which are hereunto annexed, and are Afliover Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac- marked N* t. and N° a.

inclosure. cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the He also produced a List of the Annuitants, together

Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of Ashcver, with the particular Sums due to each Annuitant; which in the County of Derby: And the same was received; is also hereunto annexed, and is marked N° 3. and read the First Time. And also an Account, made out from the Books of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the Trustees, of all the Monies received and paid by the said Trustees (from Michaelmas 1767 to Michaelmas St.Trinity Sir Roger Newdigate presented to the House, ac- 1778) by which it appears, that the Receipts during

(Coventry) cording to Order, a Bill for the better providing of a that Period amount to the Sum of £.131,764.

Tythes. Maintenance for the Vicar of the Parish of The Trinity, and the Disbursements to the Sum of£. 131,394. 7 6 Id.; in the City of Coventry :And the same was received; which Account is allb hereunto annexed, and is marked and read the First Time. N° 4,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. And he likewise produced to your Committee, a

Book containing the Proceedings of the Trustees j and Herring Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, ac- by the Minutes of the 17th of 1770, it ap-

Fishery. cording to Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, peared, that the Trustees agreed, that the Sum of

made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s £. 15,000 should be raised to complete the Works of

Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Navigation} but it does not appear by the subse-

Vol. 37. 3 Y quest

River I^e

Navigation.

2o5 190 MartiL A. 1779.

qusnt Proceedings of the said Trustees that that Sum was ever ra.led,

And it ailo appeared by another Minute of the 17th of October 1770, That the Trustees took into Confident ion the Resolution of the Tiufl for borrowing more Money for completing the Works of the Navigation, and resolved, That the bed Mode of doing it was by Way of Annuities on Lives; and ordered. That an Advertisement should be inferred in some of the public Papers, for receiving Proposals for that Purpose.

And by another Minute of the 18th of September 1771, it appearing to the Trustees then present. That the Sum of £.22,556 having been raised on Annuities for Lives, and that that Sum being sufficient for the Purposes of the said Arts, it was resolved, That no more l'uch Annuities should be granted, nor no more Money raised therein-.

And your Committee find, That the said Sum of £ 22,556 had been raised upon Annuities, without any Order for the lame, except the above-recited Order of the Trustees of the 17th of October 1770.

And it appeared to your Committee by another Minute of the 5th of March 1773, That the Trustees agreed, that their Bankers should borrow £.5,000 upon Annuities; which Money appeared to your Committee to have been raised.

And by a Minute of the 7th of June 1773* it also appeared, That £. 600 was borrowed upon 1 wo Lives, £-9 per Cent, or £. 54 a Year

And it also appeared by another Minute, dated the 22d of December 'I'll, That the Trustees granted an Annuity of £. 56 a Year, for a Life of Seventeen Years, for £. 700.

And by another Minute of the 5th of December 1778, it appeared, that the Trustees agreed, That the Sum of £. 17 740 had been borrowed upon Annuities, more than had been directed by them at their Meetings; but it appeared by the same Minute, that the Securities for the said Sum had been duly executed by Seven Trustees at their Meetings, each of the said Securities being prepared and witnessed by the said jamin Rooke, Clerk to the said Trust.

Then Mr. Rooke informed your Committee, That the said Money was paid into their Bankers Hands, and afterwards applied for the Purposes of the Navigation.

And your Committee find, That £-47,196. 13*. has been borrowed upon Annuities; which, added to the said Sum of £.35,000 borrowed upon Loan, and the said Sum of £. 9,300 due upon Bonds given to Workmen, amount to the Sum of £. 91,496. 1J5.

Then Mr. Rooke being asked. What was the Debt due for Interest to Bond Creditors, Annuitants, and Workmen? be said, £.6,714. 15J. ifj — £.1,825 upon Annuities — £. 741 to Bond Creditors, at £.4 per Cent, and £. 232 at £. 5 per Cent. — and £. 992 to Workmenthat there was also due about £-7*5 for Rents of Lands. — And being asked. What was owing for Lands that had been agreed to be purchased ? he said, £. 1,036. 41. id.

Then he produced to your Committee an Account, £hcwing the particular Sums due to Tradesmen, for Rents, isle. and for Interest and Annuities; which is Ifo hereunto annexed, and is marked N® 5.

And being fu'iher asked. Whether there was an Order in the Minute Book of the Trustee?, for the Payment of every Sum of Money, except for the Interest upon- Bonds, Annuitants, and Rent ? he said, It appeared to him there was, except for the following Sums — to Mr. Atkinson, £. 9. <j, id. the 22d of January 1772 — £.20 to Mr. Broorcve, the 22d of March

1772 — £-30 to Mr. Fisher, the 27th of 1772 — £. 105 to Mr, Staples, the 3d of February 1776 (which was paid by Mistake) — and £. 18. 13J. payable to Mr. lljley.

Then the Witness produced to your Committee an Account of the Tolls colierted (rom 1767 to -

mas 1778, shewing the particular Sum collected in each of those Years; which is also hereunto annexed, and is marked N* 6.

And Mr. Rooke further informed your Committee, That the Tolls collected in the Year 1777 amounted to £.4,144. or. 4 \d.\and that he thought the Toils in the Year 1778 would amount to rather more.

And he further informed your Committee, That the Trustees annuahy receive from the River Company the Sum of £. 350.

And the Witness further said. That the Trustees pay annually, for Rents of Mills and Wiers, the Sum of £.765. for.; that £. 185. 9$d. was paid an-

nually for Lands made use of for the said Navigation, exclusive of the LimehouseCut; that about £.50 was paid annually for fntcreft of Purchase Monies unpaid, and Rents of Lands unsettled for, in the Cut.

That £. 1,400 was paid annually for the Interest of the £. 35,000, and of £.465 was paid annually for the Interest of the said Sum of £.9,300; that there was paid to the Annuitants (deducting for those he knew were dead, and for those he bad Reason to believe were dead) the Sum of £.3,420; and that £.692. zs. was the annual Amount of the Salaries to Office.s employed in the Navigation; viz. £. 150 to the Clerk — £. 100 to the Surveyor — £. 189. 6s. to Five Collectors — and £.253. i6r. to Contractors, for looking after and supporting the Works.

And he also informed your Committee, That the whole Amount of the Outgoings (including about £. 500 per Annum, for Repairs) was £.7,429. 4*. per Annum.

And being asked the Question, he said, There was not at present a sufficient Fund even to pay the Creditors the Interest of their Money; and that unless the present Tolls are increased, the several Persons who have lent and advanced Money, or purchased Annuities, upon the Credit of the said Arts, must be very great Sufferers, as the Navigation of the said River must b® totally loft. — And he added, That if the Navigation should not be supported, it would likewise be a great Loss to the several Persons having Lands and Estates within the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and,

and to all Persons interested or concerned in the said Navigation, and would also be a great Detriment to the Public.

ip Geo. Ill

a9° Martii

a6j

N* r.

RIVER Lee — Account of Original Creditors of the £. 35,000 Loin, at jt. 4 per Cent.

River Lee Navigation*

26 December T767. 7 William Bythe/ea, of C'trnhill - - - - a - po — . —

Date of Bonds, j Charles Boehm - 1,50° — —

Cdverly Bewicie, Senior, of - - 500

Calvrly Bewicke Junior, of Lowe Square - - - 1,500

William Cow per, Esquire, of Park - - - m 1,500

Daniel Cape/, of Bishopsgate Street - - - 500

Letitia Clarke, of the same - - 500 —

Charles De Laet, of Herts - -- 500

William Evelyn, Street, Pueadilly - - 500

T'omas Ellis - - - - 500 — —

William Fi/her, of Exchange Alley - - - - 500

Eleanor Fletcher 5°o

Richard Grinded - - - 500

Robert Gnjling, Esquire - - 1,000 - — —

Edward Greaves 500 —

Daniel Harding ---- 500 — —

Henry Hamilton ---- - - 1,500

George Jarkfon - - - 500 — —

Richard Kee - - - - 1,000 — . —

Smith KJshall - - - 1,500

C00/V Leicester ---- 500

William Lifter ---- — - - - 500 — —

Martin and C* - 500

' Jof:ph Mafierman- - ... 500 — - . —

Charles Mahew - - 500 — —

' William M after man - - - *- - - bm - 1,000 — —

Christopher M after man - - - 500 — -

500 — —

500

' William. Nor they - - - - 2,000 —

JuliusOlney - - - - 500 — —

David Powell - - - - 500 — —

Catherine Scaihergccd - - - 1,500

"John Smith - - 500

William Smitlijon ---- 1,500

George Smith - - - 500 - —

John Thornton ---- 500

Benjamin Wellington - - 1,000

Wright [on - - - - . - . a* - 1,000

Robert Wimberly - - 500

1 1 1 1 1 1 0 54 A 500

Pe/er Frt'e - . - 1,000 —

Thomas Yale - - - - 2,500

I- 35,000

River Lee Navigation.

16S

19° MartiL A. 1779.

N* 2.

RIVE R Lee — Account of Original Creditors of the £.9,306, paid to Workmen, at £. 5. Cent,

C * d.

7th February 1771. Robert Scott, of 100

21ft. John Cooper, of Poplar - - - 4» - 100 — —

D* IOO

D* IOO —

D* IOO

D* Messrs. Whittenbvrys, of Hertford . IOO IOO —

William UJborne, of Ware IOO — —

D* IOO

8th March. Robert Scott, of Waltham - - . - - - V IOO

D* too

D* IOO — .

Jeremiah lljley, of Limehouse - ICO —

D* IOO

18 th. John Cooper, of Poplar - ICO —

D* - IOO

D* IOO —

D* IOO —

13 th November. George Collard, of Crutched Friars - - - . - m - - IOO

D* - - - IOO

D* IOO —

D* 100 — —

D* IOO —

16th September 1772. John Cooper, of Poplar - m - - - m - IOO

D* IOO — —

D* - - IOO —

D* IOO

D* - - IOO

William UJborne, of Ware ICO —

Jeremiah I/sley, of Limehouse - ICO

Robert Scott, of Ware - IOO

Abraham Andrews, of Hertford - - - - IOO

D* IOO

D* - IOO —

5th March 1773. D* IOO

D* IOO — .

D* ICO

D* IOO —

IOO — —

Messrs. Whittenburys, of Hertford - - - IOO —

D° IOO — —

IOO

D° - - 100

" D# - - - ICO

William Norman, of Limehouse - IOO

Robert Scott, of Waltham Cross m - - - IOO

John Cooper, of Poplar IOO —

7 th June. Abraham Andrews, of Hertford - - - IOO

D° IOO

D° IOO — <

William UJborne, of Ware - - - IOO

John Staples, of Mile End m - - - - IOO —

D° IOO

D* - - - - IOO

D* IOO

D* IOO —

7 th July. John Heard, of Barking - - - _ IOO

25th October. Abraham Andrezvs, of Hertford - - - 100

D# loo —

Robert Scott, of Waltham Cross - IOO — —

D# - - - IOO — —

John Staples, of Mile End - - - f - IOO

ty - 100 — John

ip Geo. III.

25th Oflobe 1773.

15th December.

*ift December j 774.

th Ju 1775.

3d June 1776.

4th 1777.

VOL. 37.

i9e Martii.

John Staples, of M End -D° ....

D*....

Simon Goulding, of Limehouse John Staples, of Mile End -

D'....

D*....

D*....

D*....

D*....

D*....

D*....

D*....

D*....

D*....

D*....

Robo t Scott, of Waltham Cross

D*....

Abraham Andrews, of Hertfora -

D*....

William UJborne, of Ware -John Staples, of Mile End -

D°....

D*....

D*....

I)°....

Jeremiah Ilfiey, of Limehouse

D*....

D*

IOO — — River pee XOO — — Navigation. IOO — —

IOO — —

IOO — —

IOO — —

IOO — —

IOO — ---

100-----

IOO — —

IOO — —

IOO — — -IOO — —

IOO —

IOO-----

IOO — —

IOO — —

IOO-----

IOO — —

IOO — —

IOO — —

IOO — —

IOO----

ICO -f- —

IOO — —

KO-----

IOO----

IOO — —

200 — —

iZ

N* 3.

A C C O U

D

cq'

n'

0

CL

cr

o

O

rs

N‘ Purchasers. Annui- ties.

] Aaron Green, of Ware, in the County of Maltster - 35 -

2 Thomas Tomkins, of Norfolk Street, in London, Surgeon - 100 —

; John Lockman, of New fVirtdfor, in the County of Berks> D. D. 50 —

4 The said John Lockman - -- 5° —

5 Elizabeth Miller, of Tavistock Street, London, Spinster - 20 —

6 Weffield Webb, of 5° ~

7 Elizabeth Randall, of Green Street, Soho, in the County of Middlesex, Spinster, 20 —

8 Edward Ross, ol Oxford Road, in the Parish of St. Mary le Bone, Middlesex - 5° —

9 Samuel Cooper, of Brooks, in the County of Norfolk, Clerk ... 10 —

IO Agues Bafion, in the Parish of St. James, in the City of Bath, Spinster 3° —

11 Charles Gould, of the Hofie Guards, in Westminster, Esquire - 20 —

12 The said Charles Gould ----- 20 —

13 The said Charles Gould ----- 20 —

M The said Charles Gould ----- 20 —

1S Henry Holland the Elder, Half Moon Street, Piccadilly, kVefiminster, Bricklayer 5° ~

16 The said Henry Holland ---- 5° "

17 The said Henry Holland ---- 5° —

18 Denham Sheet the Younger, of Bayliol College, Oxford, Bar. of Laws 40 —

*9 Thomas Watkins, of Ely, Cambridgeshire, Clerk - 20 —

ao Nathaniel Sharp, Apothecaries Hall, London, Surgeon and Apothecary - 60 —

21 Mark Stone, of Great Queen Street, Westminfi Gentleman - 80 —

22 Easier Lockwood, of D°, Spinster ----- 10 —

23 Catherine Patrick, of St. Edmunds Bury, Suffolk ..... - 10 —

24 The said Henry Holland - -- 25 —

25 The said Henry Holland ---- 2 5 —

26 Jane Ellis, of Stratford, in the County of Essex, Widow - 10 —

27 John Henry Nicholas Jaques, of Petty France, Westminster, Surgeon in the? Second Regiment of Guards - J 10 —

Elizabeth Rainfirop - -- - 32 —

29 Harriott Scare, of Tring Grove, in the County of Hertford, Spinster 5° ~

3<* Ann Wilcox of Princes Street, Lothbury, in London, Spinster - 36 —

3l John Winn, of Puddle Dock Hill, in London, Glass Grinder - 20 —

*2

A

A

N'3.

NT of River Lee Annuities

Vl

o

On whose Lives pin chafed. Their Ages Purchase Money. ' c. r C 1 > ’ ' When paid.

C Samuel Green, of Ware,\n the| £ ^® . 1 .

I County ofHertford*Yeoman J 25 49o 24th December 1770

William Moore Tomkins, his Son 22 1,400 — — 17 th D*

Anna Maria, his Daughter lS 700 20th D®

Caroline, his Daughter - *3 700 20th D®

Herself - 33 286 18 th D®

Herself - 6 2 509 200 J 15th D®, and ad

Herself - 62 \September 1772 1 ith D°

Himself - 41 70«J -r- — p lift D®

Elizabeth Brown, of Shot-'l , tifham All Saints, in the> County of Norfolk, Widow} Herself - *? 1 1 O H' ?4t;h D°

360 29 th D®

Jane, his Daughter 280 — ‘-i 19th January 1771

Charles, his Son - 280 — — 19th D®

Elizabeth, his Daughter 280 — — - 19th D*

John, his Son - 280 19 th D®

Mary, his Wife - 55 6©q p 21st February , .

Catherine, his Daughter 30 700 21 ft D®

Himself - 60 500 21st D*

Himself 29 560 — W 14th D®

Mary, his Wife - 61 200 21 ft D°

Himself *> 53 720 29th January '

Himself - - 61 800 — ~ 2d February

Herself - 29 140 T' 2d D®

Herself - 60 IwO — 14th P®

Richard, his Son - 18 35° 21 ft D®

John, his Son - H 35° 21st D®

Herself - - 61 100 — — 2lftD®

Himself - 37 140; 2 I ft D®

Herself - 36 448 — p 16th Marsh

Herself - 37 700 — — 20th D°

Herself - 25 5° 4 2 2d D®

Himself - 280 — — 27th D®(

!No Money paid to the Bankers for thele Annuities, they being granted in Part of his Bill.

'o.

iNo Money paid to the Bankers >for these Annuities, they being

vl

NO

o

o

o

OQ

32 $ 33

r 34

CO

35

36

37

38

39

4°

4i

43

44

The fakf ?//« -....

James Miles, of Berwick Street, in the City of Gentleman

John Freeman, of Chute Lodge, near Andovin the County of

Esquire

The said John Freeman ——

The said John Freeman -

The said John Freeman -

The said Thomas Watkins -

Robert Bendyjhe, of Dickleburgh, in the County of Clerk

Thomas Yeoman, of Cafle Streets Leicester Liberty of

Richard Rufi, of the City of Norwich, Milliner -

The said Richard Rujl....

William Dobyns Humphreys, of Woodb Suffolk, Clerk -John Akerman, ot Readaig, Berks -

s

45 Richard Brooke, of Tower Hill, London

46

47

48

Edward Ommaney.,of Savage. Gardens, London, Merchant

The said Edward Ommaney - -

Ann Hearing, of Ripen, YorkjldreSpinfler

49 Philadelphia Dering, of the same Place, Spinster -

50 Frances Wingfield, of the Parish of Thomas, in the Borough of -d

work, in the County of Surrey, Widow, t >r hcrlclf, for Life, and after herj Decease for Lucy Bid/, of the lame, Spirdler

51 \Jpfeph Dodfworlh, of Lincolns Inn, ii\ the Parish of St. Giles, in the Liberty

of Wefitninfier, Gentleman

5*

53

Henry Foxcroft, of IVindlcsham, in the County of Surrey, Esquire Joseph Grijfin, Old Bend Street, Barish of 67. George, Hanover in the

Liberty of Westminster, Gunlmith -

Isaac Jarratt, of Wadiesham, in the County of Surrey, Gentleman ' -

55 Agnes Humphreys, of the Parish of St. Andrew, lid burn, in the county of i 1 Middlesex, Widow, and Ralph Tcof Inn, in the laidj

County, Gentleman ---- j

Thomas lies, of Tadeaster, in Yorkjl/ire - -

John Heathcctt', of the Parish of 67. James, in the Liberty of in

the County of Middlesex.....-

54

56

57

58 Thomas Windle, of

59 Alice M'Elrcy, of

60 I '1 lie laid JoJ.ph Dedsworth

10 —

41 —

100 —

100 —

ico — 100 — 20 — 10 —

15 —

50 —

5° — 20 —

20 —

40 —

10 —

1 o —

42 —

42 —

52 —

64 —

90 —

5° — 56 14

65 —

t

- 50 —

} 3° —

- 56 —

- IO --

l6 --

Mary, Ills Wife -Himielf -

Cat //trine, his Daughter

Elizabeth, his Daughter Emily, his Daughter Charlotte, Ins Daughter -Mary, his Wife -Himielf -

Ann, his Wife -

Himself -

Frances, his Wife Martha, his Wife Elizabeth, his Wife Himielf - -

S Elizabeth Cornthzv Max-)

\ivell, of Plymouth, Spinsterf SAnn Maxwell, of Plymouth,)

I Spinster j

Herself -

Herself -

Themselves

Himself -

Himielf ..

Himself - -

f On the Life of , 1

the Wife of Charles >

Iton - - -J

Himself -

Himself -

fOn the Life, and in Trust, A j for Mary Redma of Pad- f

\dington, in the county of f (_Middlesex, herself -Merfeif Himielf -

24a — ' — 27th pp

5° 504 — — ' 17 th April 17 7 x

1,400 16th D*

1,400 — — 16th Dp

1,400 16th D°

1,400 — — 16th D*

6o 200

63 100 — — 11 th- May

60 150 -

600 20th June

600 — — 20tll D*

280 4th May

2S0 — — 17 th Jidy

400 *7th D*

140 — — 19th August

140 — - 19th August

5°4 " 46th D°

64 5°4,) 26th D?

42 1 I O O VO 9th Jims 1773

800 4th August

1,000 13 th July

650 20th August

630 14th D*

8 45 — — 117th D*

70a — — 20th September 1773

35a — — . 28A D* f 27th D-, and- 5

70a — — [October D3

12,0 29th Olio her

200 1 aril November -

VQ

Q

tn

O

r No Money received by the Bankers for this Annuity, it being {granted in Part of his Bill.

VO

o

5i:

3' r — tTQ -I

4

D

cq'

N

CD

CL

6i Humphrey Mostyn, of Oswestry, in the County of Esquire, and Mary,! his Wife ;8o —

62 Nicholas Vincent, of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, Officer in the Navy 80 —

63 Luke Gillam, of the Parish of Saint Andrew, in the County of Mid- 7 30 —

dlesex, Turner - -- J

64 Joan Elizabeth Knatchbull, of Oswald, near Canterbury, in the county of 7

Kent, Spinster ---- - -j Edward Reddish, of the Island of Jersey, Lieutenant in the Navy, for himself J ZOO —

«5

for Life, and afterwards Ann Hughes, Widow, of the same Place, for her/ Life 3 32 —

66 Sarah Evans, of Spinster ---- Ann Halley, of Wimpole Street, Cavendish Square, Spinster - 20

67 10 —

68 John Henry, of Rolvenden, in Kent, for himself for Life, and afterwards to? I _

Charlotte, his Wife - - -3 1 Vi 1 -

69 James White, of Mahone, Gentleman, for himself for Life, and afterwards? 9 0

for his Brother Richard White, of Onger, in Essex *3 4C\J

70 James Wojlell, of Tower Hill, Gentleman ---- 24 —

7* Martha Ford, of Pool, Dorsetshire, Spinster ---- *5 —

72 Charles Smithyo{ Stratford, in Essex, Esquire ---- 40 —

.73 Philip Doughty, of - -- ----- 52 10

74 William Tothiil', of Plymouth, in Devon, Gentleman - 30 —

75 Symonds, of Leicester Fields, Captain in the Navy - 85 _

76 Margaret Hardwick, oilVeJl Ham,\n Essex - - - - 40 —

77 Hercules Wy borne, 0 f ------ 24 —

78 Daniel, of Luggershall, in Spinster ---- 40 —

79 Audry Waft ell, of St. Olave, Hart Street, Crutched Friars, London 30 —

80 Margaret Barefoot, of- - - - 20 —

81 Sarah Power, of Hanway Yard, Middlesex ---- 20 —

82 Lieutenant Colonel John Biddulph, Berbury, Warwickshire - - - - 83 -

83 72 —

84 Richard Whitehall, of - -- 52 10

85 Catherine Pant er, of ---- - - 48 -

86 Edward Archer, of--- ---- 64 -

87 Rachael Cajkett, of Plymouth ---- 18 —

88 Richard Dickinson, of Ware - - 56 —

89 . Mary Weare, of - -- - 28 —

90 Retty Wrench, of Hedham, in Sussex, Widow - - 50

91 . Jane Weare, of - -- - 8 —

Themselves

Himself - -

' On the Life of, and inTruft' for Margaret, the Wife of

1 William Will Hams, of the Town of Monmouth, in the County of Monmouth, Gent.

Herself -

Themselves -

Herself -

Herself -

Themselves -

Themselves

Himself -

Herself -

!On the Lives of his Son)

Charles, and Daughter dith, and the Survivor -J Himself -

On the Joint Lives of the) said William Tothiil, and his? Wife Mary - - -)

Himself -

Herself -

Himself - -

Herself Herself -

Herself -

Herself -

Himself -

Himself, and War bur ton, his? Wife --- -j C Himself, and Ann Popple- \ I well - - -i

Herself, and William Sayer Himself -

Herself -

On the Life of his Son Oliver

Herself -

Herself - -

iierielf -

1,000 — — 18 th September

880 — 13 th November

360 15th September

2,600 — — 10th December 1773

400 — — 30th August

200 — — 16th December

120 — — 29th D*

200 31st January

250 — 9th March

300 25th May 1775

200 — 26th D®

500 — 6th June

500 31st July

4OO — 27th D®

1,000 24th D®

400 18 th December

300 28th D®

520 4th April

3*5 12th April 1776

200 13 th May

180 13th June

1,000 — — 23d October

1,000 — — - 23d D®

552 J3 — 3d March 1777

600 18th April

800 — — 30th D®

200 — — 25th June

700 2 2d December

350 1 ft 0Sober

450 July 1778

100 — — 26th February

t*

No Money received per Bankers it being for an Estate at Ware.

19° Martiu 1779.

N* 4.

HI V E R Lee. — A General A CC O U NT of all Monies received and paid, from the passing of the Act of Parliament at 1767 to Michaelmas 1778.

VO

O

w

o

RECEIPTS.

By Balance of Treasurer’s Accounts^ under old Act of Parliament - -

By Balance of Mayor of Hertford's Accounts, under old Act of Parliament -

By Calli, borrowed at £. 4 per Cent.

By Calli, borrowed at £. 5 per Cent. -

By Cadi, raised by Annuities -

By Rent received of New River Company, from Lady Day 1767 to Michaelmas 1778 -

Michaelmas 1778 By Sundries

Overdrawn Bankers

DT

501 2 6

46 15 5

35,000----

9»3°°----

47^96 13 —

4,025----

- 35*5^4 9

34 1

c 131,688 I si

- 76 I 5

13L764 2

4,100-----

PAYMENTS.

By Rents and Compensations of Mills, Weirs, tee.

By Rents and Purchase Monies for Lands, tec.

By Salaries, Wages, and Bills, paid to Officers By Expences of Works, and supporting them -By £. 4 per Cent. Interest of the £. 35,000 paid by Mr. Brograve -

By D#, paid by Bankers - - - - 10,496

By £. 5 perCent. Interest of the £. 9,300 paid by Bamcers By D°, to Mr. Brograve, for Monies advanced 46 16 By D#, to Mr. Martin, Treasurer, for D# - 893 15

By D°, to Bankers for D® - - - - 138 17

By Annuities, paid by Bankers -

By Discount allowed a Subscriber to the £. 3,500 Loan, anticipating his Payments -

By Payments, for an Estate at Ware, purchased by Annuity -By Sundries, as per Account thereof -By Lodes -

Clerk’s Balance -

Surveyor’s D" -

Due from Bankers by wrong Payment -

:S

for

i-

C’

s. d.

10,092 19 io£

7>6i4 15 3i

6.4?1 6 7i

67,804 4 2

14,696 — —

2,221 12 9

1,079 9 3

18,946 *3 8

360 8 —

700 — —

1,030 16 3

210 10 *i

7 8

53 12 9i

10 5

J3L394 7

VO

r*-

o

o

o

?T

3

trx j

2 s

g 3

2-r1 S a ? <*

a 74

190 Martii.

A. 1779.

River Lee Navigation.

N- 5.

RIVER Lee. — Accounts of Tradesmen’s Bills and other Demands.

tVyburi....

Naylor -

Bayford - -

Goulding -

Norman - -

E/fon - -

*Tozvnfend, Esquire -

Leeds - -

Green -

7<iy/0r and -

Erringion -

Blakeman -

Ujborne -

Berner - -

Merritt -

Phillips -

Milward -

Geldard, for others -

Fielde, Esquire, about -

Sheppard, about - -

Seymour -

Sainjby - -

Johnson -

Leferre, Esquire, Interest -D*, Principal, about - -

Selman, Esquire, Interest -

D®, Principal -Stepney Quit Rents -

Butler -

Myers -

Clemenjon, about -

Contractors, about -

Fourier Cent. Interest, to Chriflmus 1778 Five per Ce»/. D®, to D*

Annuities to D* - - - r

J?e// and Sheppard, about -

Staples and Iljley -

Arrears of Rents of Lands since last Payments, about Sir Wake's Account for ^altbam Turnpike, about

Newmans Weirs -

Enfield Mill Stream -

Parkinson's Weir-

Sezvardfion Mills -Flanders Weir £/ee* Hall -Bolton's Weir Hel/yer's Turnpike Bromley Mills, about -King's Weir Broxborn Mills, about -

Bills. Rents, &c.

— £ 11 19 —

— — 9 9 —

117 . — —

6 2 9 — —

10 1 4 — —

5° *3 7 - —

— 4 n*

— — 20 5 —

18 12 — —

10 17 IO — —

7 19 9 r —

10 7 6 — —

4 3 6 — —

54 6 7 ——

79 13 4

5 2 u — -

5 ——

34i — — r — —

13° i4 3

— — 250 — <-»

— — 100 —

5 16 — — —

5l — — —

*7 ——

— — 27 10 —

— — 2 5° —

— — 41 14 2

— — 4*7 — —

— — 1 9 9i

21 — — — *

14 8 57 11 3

4 — —

40 — —

250 1 ' — about about about

992 4 5 *>473 10 8j

— — 300

— — 30 3 9

— — 7i5 — —

— — 150 —

— — *4 8 9

— — 8 7 6

— — 11 5 ~

— mmmrn 15 — - —

— — 25 —

— — 20 — —

— — 36 — —

— — 8 >5 —

— — 7 — —

— — 80 — —

992 4 5 2,924 IO 8|

Intel eft and Annuities.

741----

2 32 -

1,825 -

*>798 -

2,798-----

2,924 10 8]

99* 4 5

6,714 15

N® 6.

19 Geo. III.

190 Martii

275

N* 6.

ACCOUNT of Tolls.

River Lee Navigation.

1767 — Amount of Tolls - - - „ *

68 1 D° r

69 — D*.....-

70 — D*....

71 — D°....

72 — D° -....

73 — D* -

74 — D#....

75 — D«.....-

76 - D* - -.....l - -

Mr. Adams Tolls to this Time -

77 — D* including Mr. Adams -

78 to Michaelmas inclusive, D° -

L

1767 )

to > per Clerks.

Aufuft 1771. )

Ever since per Surveyor, Benjn Lewis.

And paid to Bankers, Messrs. Mildred and Walker,

Places. King’s Weir, John Duffin.

Newman’s Weir, John Kimpton.

Lee Bridgo, Henry Hanes.

Bromley, Wm Woodward.

Limehouse, Wm Norman.

L 839 *4- 5*

2,196 4 1 i

2,321 6 3i

*.37° *5 9 i

2,906 6 2

3.3°» 5

3,286 9 sb

3.335 — 4*

3.705 18 l°i

3.785 1 8}

238 H 4

4.144 — 4i

3»I53 11 8

35.584 9 '6*

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preserving the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middl and for Relief of the . Creditors under Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, and of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the said River;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdlm for the Yeas.j Lif }

Tellers for the No«,j Xlderman' Oliver:} 12'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer, Mr. Calvert, and Mr. Haljey, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mtflage The Lord North acquainted the House, That he had

King* a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House: And it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followerh j viz.

GEORGE R.

mentj His Majesty having received Information from the Earl of Buckingemshire, His Lieutenant General and

Governor General of His Kingdom of Ireland, That the Revenues of that Kingdom have, of late, proved greatly deficient, and inadequate to the Purposes for which they were granted; and His Majesty, moved with Concern and Compassion for the Distresses of His loyal and faithful Subjects of that Kingdom, and being anxious that some immediate and effectual Relief should be afforded to them, thinks it necessary to recommend to the Consideration of this House, whether it may not be proper, in the present Circumstances of Ireland, that the whole Charge of the Regiments on the Irish Establishment, now serving out of that Kingdom, should be paid by Great Britain. G. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said Most gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay be- Regiment*, tween the Britishand Irish Establishment of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Six Regiments of Foot, serving in North America, as paid by Ireland, for the Year 1779.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 37.

190 Marl'd. 1779.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the and Irish Establishment of One

Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Six Regiments of Foot, serving in North as paid by Ireland, for the Year 1779.

Major General Prejltn*s Regiment of Light Dragoons -Earl Ligonier's Regiment of Foot -

Lieutenant General Parker's Lieutenant General Tayler's -Lord Frederick Cavendish's »

Lieutenant General Elphinstone's -Major General Valentine Jones's -

Total -

Total -

Numbers. Pay for 565 Days. Total Charge.

- 179 _ _ _ 7,831 16 10

477 — 9,227 5 10

477 — 9,227 5

477 — 9,227 5 10

477 — 9,227 5 10

477 — 9,227 5 10

477 — 9,227 5 10

2,862 f £ T £ -

- - 3,041 - - t 63,19511 10

- - 3.041 - 68,949 13 1 J = '1

War-Office,

19th March 1779. C. Jenkinson.

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the House, upon the Bill to enable the Chancellor and Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose o consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- of certain Fee Farm Rents and other Rents, and to en-jesty. franchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within the Survey of the said Duchy.

C;v;i A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-EtUhiimment poled. That an humble Address be presented to His That this House will, upon Morn-

of Ireland. ]viujefl:y% that He will be graciously pleased to give ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Directions that there be laid before this House, an Ac- House, to consider further of Ways and Means for count of the Augmentation of the Civil Establishment raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. of Ireland, and of the Pensions granted on that Establishment, since the 24th of December 1766; distin- Refohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

guishing the Times when such Augmentations were ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole made; House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His

Ordered, That the.Orders of the Day be now read. Majesty.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the Ordered, That Mr. Grenville have Leave to make a whole House, to take into Consideration so much of Motion, it being after Eight of the Clock, the several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Trade And he moved the House accordingly,

and Commerce of Ireland, as relates to allowing the Refohed, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

Importation of Sugars from the British Colonies and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Plantations, into the Kingdom of Ireland; House, to consider of the Laws now in being which

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, prohibit the Growth of Tobacco in Ireland, and of per-

'That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair; mitting the Importation of Tobacco, of the Growth

The House divided! of Ireland, into Great Britain, under certain Restric-

The Yeas went forth. tions.

mu- r v fThe Lord Beauchamp,) o Tcl, ers for the Yeas, {Tbc ^: S8'

Tellers for the Noes ISir George T‘* 62. xewer* ior me rsoes, jSir ^h(mas: )

So it passed in the Negative.

Ref-jived, That this House will, upon this Day Four Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Dvicliv of The other Orders of the Day being read;

Lancaster Refohed, That this House will, upon this Day Se-EftatCi- vennight, relblvc itself into a Committee of the whole

Mr. De Grey presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Dartmouth to Lieutenant General Gage, dated Whitehall, 2d August 1775: And also,

N° 2. Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Dartmouth to Major General Howe, dated Whitehall, 2d August .1775: And also,

N° 3. Extract of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Whitehall, 5th September 1775: And allb,

N°4.

W*m and Mcaow

Sapply.

Tobacc#

gVOWQ

in Ireland*

T.'.pPH rciptcJing A'i fried a

Affairs.

io Geo. III. Mar hi.2~j

N*4- Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Whitehall, 15th September 1775: And also,

ND 5- Copy ot a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Whitehall, 2ad September 1775: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Whitehall, 22d October 2 775: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Whitehall, 27th October 1775: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Whitehall, 8th November 1775: And also,

N° 9. Copy ot a Letter from Lieutenant G 'nefal Cage to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 1 It

her \775: Receivid 14th NovAnd also, N° 10. Extract of a Letter from Major General Howe to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Bo/lon, 5th 1775: Received 14th November:And also,

N*n. Copy of a Letter, marked (fi-palate) from Ditto to Ditto, dated Bfton, 9th 1775: Re-

ceived 14th November: And also,

N° 12. Copy of a Letter from L<vd George Germain to Major General Howe, dated 18th Novem-

ber 17752 And allp,

N® >3. Extract of a Letter from Major General Howe to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated , 26th

November 1775: Received 27th December’, inclosing,

N° 14. Return of Tonnage.

N° 1 Difrributfon of 3 Battalions, Campaign 1776: And also,

N° 16. Copy of a Letter from Major General Howe to the Ear! of Dartmouth, dated Boston, 27th November 1775: Received 27th December: And also,

N° 17. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Boston, 2d December 1775: Reived aytn December-, inclosing,

IS® 18. General Return of Provisions in Store at Boston, 16th November 1775.

N° 19. Observations on Provilfon Return.

ft® 20. Return of Horses, Forage, he.

N°ai. State of the Barrack Bedding, Furniture, and Fuel.

N® 22. Two Estimates of Horses and Waggons wanting for the Campaign 1776.

N* 23. Report of the Cargo of the Ship Queen of

Naples.

N® 24. Return of Intrenching Tools, Stores, and Artificers, warned for the Engineer’s Depart* ment at Boston.

N® 25. Remarks; and also,

N® 26. Copy of a Letter from Major General Howe to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, 3d December 1775: Received 2711a December:And also, IV 27. Extract of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Major General Howe, dated Whitehall, 5th January 1776; And also,

Is® 28. Copy of a Letter from Major General Howe to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, 13th December 1775: Received 6th January 1776: And also,

N® 29. Copy of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Major General Howe, dated Whitehall, 1 fit February 1776: And also,

IS® 30. Copy of a Letter, marked (private) from Major General Howe to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, Jijtli December 1775: Received 6th February 1776: And also.

Is® 31. Copy of a Letter from Major General Howe to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, 26th her 1775: Received 6th February 1776: And also,

N° 32. Copy of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Major General Howe, dated 7th February

1776: And also,

N* 3 3 Copy of a Letter from Major General Howe to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, 16th 1776: Received 2 id February: And also,

N® 34. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Boston, 22d January 1776: Received 22d February: And also,

Vol. 37.

N° 3;. Copy of a Letter fir m Ditto to Ditto, dated Boston, 23d January 1770: Received 2id February: And also,

IS" 36. Extract of a Letter from Lord George Germain to General Howe, dated Whit:ha!!, 20'ui Mar ch 1776: And also,

N® 37. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Whitehall, 25th April 1776: And alia,

i\° 38. Extract of a Letter from Lord Ger-

main to Sir William Howe, dated Whitehall, 27th 1776: And also,

N® 39. Copy of a Letter from General Howe to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated on Board His Map fry’s Ship Chatham, Nantajket Road, 21 ft March 1776: Received 'gvSMay, inclosing,

Isl° 40. State of Provisions at from 12th

February to 4th March 1776: And also,

N° 41. Copy of a Letter from Lo'd George Germain to General Howe, dated Whitehall, 3d May :And also,

N® 42. Ext rad of a Letter from General }Jowe to Lord George Germain, dated Halifax, 25th; 776: Received 4th June :And also,

N° 43. Extract of a Letter From Ditto to Ditto, dated Halifax, May 7th 1776: Received 4th June ': And ailo,

K® 44. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to t)itto, dated Halifax, 12th May 1776: Received 4th June: And also,

N* 45. Extract of a Letter from Lord George Germain to General Howe, dated Whitehall, tith June 1776: And also,

N® 46. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Whitehall, 2ifr June 1776: And alii),

N® 47. Extract of a Letter from General Howe to Lord George Germain, dated Halifax, 3d June 1776: Received 5th July: And also,

N® 48. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Halifax, 4th June 1776: Received 5th July: And also,

N® 49. Extract of a Letter from Ditto to D:tto, dated Halifax, 7th June 1776: Received _§th July: And also,

N* 50. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Halifax, 8th June 1776: Recc.ved 5th July: And also.

N® 51. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Staten If and, July7th 1776: Received 10th

And also,

N® 52 Copy of a Letter from General Howe to Lord George Germain, dated Head Quarters, Staten If and, 8 th July 1776: Received I oth: And also,

N°* 53, 54, 53, 56. Copies of Four Letters from Lord George Germain to General Howe, dated Whitehall, 2 ad Attguf 1776: And also,

N® 57. Extract of a Letter from General Howe to Lord George Germain, daied Staten If and, 6th August 1776: Received 28th September: And also,

N® 58. Copy of a Letter from General to Lord George Germain, dated Staten If and, 15 th Augv./l 1776: Received 28th September: Ana also,

N® 59. Copy of a Letter from Lord George to General Howe, dated Whitehall, 30th September 1776:

And also,

N® 60. Copy of a Letter from General Howe to Lord George Germain, dated Staten 16 th Atiguft

17 7^- Received 10th October: And also, N3 61. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Head Quarters, Long Island, 2d September 1776: Received 1 oth October: And also,

N° 62. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dited Camp at New-Town, Long If and, 3d September 1776:

Received ictii October: And a Io,

N" 63, 64, 65. Cop es of Three Letters from l ord George Germain to Sir William Howe, dated 18th October 1776: And also,

4 B N® 66.

P.lpfVi

ref-tain"

American A flairs.

Papers

respecting

American

Affairs*

278 19s Martii 1779.

N° 66. Copy of a Letter from Sir William Howe to Lord George Germain, dated Head Quarters, , York

Island, 21 ft September 1776: Received ad November: And also,

N® 67. CopV of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated York Island, 23d September 1776: Received 2d November: And also,

N° 68. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Head Quarters, York Island, 24th September 1776: Received 2d November: And also,

N* 69. Copy of a Letter from Sir William Howe to Lord George Germain, dated New- York Island, 25th

September 1 779: Received ?d November: And also,

N° 70. Copy of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Sir William Howe, dated Whitehall, 6th November 1776: And also,

N°7i. Extract of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Whitehall, 6th November 1776: And also,

N° 72. Copy of a Letter from Sir William to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 28th November 1776: Received 30th December: And also,

N® 73. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated New York, 30th November 1776: Received 29th December: And also,

N° 74. Copy of a Letter from Sir William Howe to Lord George Germain, datcsl New York, 30th November 1776: Received 30th December: And also,

N° 75. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated New York, 3d December 1776: Received 30th December: And also,

N° 76. Ex'.rad of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Sir William Howe, dated Whitehall, 14th January 1777: And also,

N"‘ 77, 78. Copies of Two Letters from Lord George Germain to Sir William Howe, dated Whitehall, 14th January 1777: And also,

N" 79. Copy of a Letter from Sir William Howe to Lord Georg: Germain, dated New York, 18th 1776: Received 23d February 1777: And also,

IV So. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated New York, 20th December 1776: Received 23d February 1777: And also,

N® 81. Extra# of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated New York,20th December 1776: Received 23d February 1777: And also,

N° 82. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated New York, 28th December 1776: Received 23d February 1777: And also,

N° 83. Copy of a Letter from Sir William Howe to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 29th December 1776: Received 23d February 1777: And also,

N* 84. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated New York, 51b January 1777: Received 23d February: And also,

N° 85. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated New York, 17th January 2777: Received 3d March: And also,

N" 86. Extra# of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated New York, 20th January 1777: Received 3d March: And also,

Nos 87, 88, 89. Copies of Three Letters from Lord George Germain to Sir William dated Whitehall,

3d March 1777: And also,

N® 90. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Whitehall, 5th March 1777: And also,

N® 91. Copy of a Letter front Sir William Howe to Lord George Germain, dated York, 21st December

1776: Received 61I1 March 1777: And also,

N’ 92. Copy of a Letter from Lord George Germain to S.r William ILwe, dated Whitehall, 17th March 1777: And also, jV 93. Copy of a Letter from Sir William Howe to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 12th 1777: Received 19th March 1777: And also,

N® 94. Extra# of a Letter from Lord George Ger-

main to Sir Guy Carletou, dated Whitehall, 26th March 1777: And also,

N* 95, 96. Copies of Two Letters from Lord George Germain, to Sir William Howe, dated Whitehall,

19th April 1777: And also,

N* 97. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Whitehall, 28th April 1777.: And also,

N°"98. Copy of a Letter from Sir Williath Howe to Lord George Germain, dated New York, id April 1777: Received 8 th May: And- also,

N® 90. Extra# of a Letter faorti Ditto to Ditto, dated New York, 2d April 1777: Received 8 th May inclosing*

N° 100. Copy of a Letter from Sir William Howe to Sir Guy Carkton, dated 5th April 1777.

N® 1 oi.- Distribution of Troops for Campaign 1777: And also,

N° 102. Extra# of a Letter from Sir William’ Howe to Lord George Germain, dated New 7'ork, 4th April 1777: Received 8th May: And also,

N°* *03, 104. Copies of Two Letters from Lord George Germain to Sir William Howe, dated Whitehall, 18th May 1777: And also,

N® 105. Copy of*a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Whitehall, 20th May 1777: And also,

N‘ 106. Copy of a Letter from Sir William Howe to Lord George Germain, dated Neva York, 24th April 1777: Received 5th June: And also,

N® 107. Copy of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Sir William Howe, dated Whitehall, 20th June 1777: And also,

N° 108. Copy of a tetter from Sir William Hozve to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 2 2d May 1777: Received 24th June: And also,

Np 109. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated New York, 3d June 1777: Received 10th July, inclosing,

N® no. Distribution of Troops: And also,

N® in Copy of a Letter from Sir William Howe to Lord George Germain, dated York, 5th June 1777: Received 10th July: And also,

N° 112. Copy of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Sir William Howe, dated Whitehall, 6th August 1777: And also,

N° 113. Extra# of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Whitehall, 6th August 1777: And also,

N® 114. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Whitehall, 18th August 1777: And also,

N® 115, 116. Copies of Two Letters from Sir William Howe to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 5th July 1777; Received 2ad August: And also,

N° 117. Copy of a Letter Irom Ditto to Ditto, dated Nezv York, 6th July 1777: Received 22d August: And also,

N" 118. Extra# of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated New York, 7 th July 1777: Received 2 2d And also,

N® 119. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Nezv Yo\k, 16th July 1777: Received 22d;

And also,

N® 120. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated New York, 16th July 1777: Received 22d August: And also,

N°‘ 121, 122. Copies of Two Letters from Lord George Germain to Sir William Howe, dated Whitehall, 3d September 1777: And also, '

N®‘ 123, 124. Extracts of Two Letters from Ditto to Ditto, dated Whitehall, 3d September 1777: And also

N® 125. Extra# cf a Letter from Sir William Hozve to Lord George Germane, dated Camp at the Head of Elk River, Maryland, 30th August 1777: Received 28th Ofluber: And also,

N® 126. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Camp at the Head of Elk River, 30th August 1777: Received 28th October, inclosing,

N® 127.

19 Geo. Ilf. 190 Mar Hi. 279

N® 127. Extract from the Maryland Journal of 26th August1777.

N® 128. Copy of Declaration issued by Sir William Howe: And also,

N® 129. Copy of a Letter from Sir William to

Lord George Germain, dated German 10th OSIo-

ber 1777: Received 1st December; And also,

N® 130. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Philadelphia, 21st October 1777: Received ift December: And also,

N® 131. Extra# of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Philadelphia, 2id Oblob 1777: Received ift December: And also,

N° 132. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Philadelphia, 25th October 1777: Received ift. December: And also,

N°* 133, 134. Copies of Two Letters from Lord George Germain to Sir William dated Whitehall,

1 itii December: And also,

N® 135. Copy of a Letter from Sir William Howe to Lord George Germain, dated Philadelphia, 28th November 1777: Received 7 th January 1778: And also,

N* 136. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Philadelphia, 29th November 1777: Received 7th January 177?: And also,

N°* 137, 138. Copies of Two Letters from Ditto to Ditto, dared Philadelphia, 30th November 1777: Received 7th January 1773: And also,

N'* 139, 140. Copies of Two Letters from Sir William Howe to Lord George Germain, dated Philadelphia,

13th December 1777: Received 17th January 1778: And also,

Nos 141, 142. Copies of Two Letters from Lord George Germain to Sir William Howe, dated Whitehall, 4th February 1778: And alto,

N° 143. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Whitehall, 18th February 1778: And also,

N* 144. Copy of a. Circular Letter from Lord George Germain to Sir William Howe. dated Whitehall, 19th February 1778: And also,

N° 145. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Whitehall, 8th March 1778: And also,

N® 146. Copy of a Circular Letter from Ditto to Ditto, 8cc. dated Whitehall, nth March 1778: And also,

N® 147. Copy of a Letter from Sir William Howe, to Lord George Germain, dated Philadelphia, 13th January 1778: Received 14th March: And also,

N° 148 Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Philadelphia, 16th January 1778: Received 14th Am! ailo,

N° 149. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Phdadilphia, 17th January 1778: Received 14th March: And also,

N® 150. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Philadelphia, 19th January 1778: Received 14th March: And also,

N° 151. Copy of a Letter from Ixrrd George Germain to Sir William Hozve, dated Whitehall, 12th April 1778: And also,

N® 152. Copy of a Letter from Sir William Hozve to Lord George Germain, dated Philadelphia,3th March 1778: Received 26th April:And also,

N® 153. Extract of a Letter from Ditto to Dit;o, dated Philadelphia, 5th March 1778: Received 26th April: And also,

Nv 154. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Philadelphia,23th March 1778: Received. 7th May: And also,

N- ,55. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Philadelphia, 19th April 1778: Received ift June: And al:o,

N® 136. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Philadelphia, 19th April 1778: Received ift June: And also,

N® 137. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Philadelphia, nth May 1778: Received 13th June.

' Vox, y]*

Mr. De Grey also p re fen ted to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° 1. Copy ofaCircuIar Letter from Lord George Germain to the Governors in North America, and the West Indies, dated Whitehall, 10th 1778: And also,

N° 2. Extra# of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Governor Tryon, dated Whitehall, 3th June 177 S: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Governor Tryon to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 13th April 1778: Received 6th June:inclosing,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Lord Viscount Hozve to Governor Tty on, dated Eagle, oft’ Sandy Hook, i 1 th April 1778.

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Governor Tryon to Lord Viscount Howe, dated New York, 12th April 1778.

N° 6. Copy of Mr. Kempt s (Attorney General of’ New York) Opinion on fitting out Letters of Marque: And also,

N° 7. Extra# of a Letter from the Lords of the Admiralty to Lord George Germain, dated Admiralty Office, 18th June 1778: Received 19th: inclosing,

N° 8. Extra# of a Letter from Lord Viscount Howe to Mr. Stephens, dated Eagle, off port, 9th May 1778.

N° 9. Intelligence received from Captain Macart -ney 5 with his Letter of 13th March 1778; And also,

N° 10. Copy of a Circular Letter, marked (secret and confidential) from Lord George Germain to the Governors in North America, and the West Indies, dated 5th August 1778: And also,

N° 11. Extra# of a Letter from Governor Tryon to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 3 th September 1778: Received 13th October :And also,

N° 12. Extra# of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated New York, 8th October 1778: Received nth December: And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Letter firom Ditto to Ditto, dated New York, 24th October 1778: Received 27 th December: And also,

N° 14. Extra# of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated New York, 16th December 1778: Received 28th January 1779: And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Proclamation issued by Governor Tryon, the 24th of December 1778: And also,

N° 16. Copy of the Encouragement for Sailors from the Enemy’s Quarters to enter on Board Letters of Marque, published by Admiral s Secretary in

the Royal Gazette of New York, the 30th of December 1778: And also,

N° 17. Extra# of a Letter from Governo: to

Lord George Germain, dated Out Poll, King's Bridge, 5th February 1779: Received 7th; inclosing,

N° 18. Account of Warrants issued by Governor Tryon for the Purpose of commissioning Letters of Marque against the French and Rebels.

N° 19. Lift of Prizes taken by Letters of Marque, libelled in the Court of Vice Admiralty for the Province of Nezv York, from 16 September 1778 to ift February 1779: And also,

N° 20. Copy of a Letter from the Lords of the Admiralty to Lord George Germain, dated Admiralty Office, 8th March 1779: Received 9th, inclosing,

N® at. Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Gambier to Mr. Stephens, dated Ardent, off Nezv York, 3d February 1779. Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Paper*

respecting

Ameritau

A ttUirs#

Ordered, That Mr. Stratton have Leave to make a Motion.

And

liners respecting East India Affair*®

Tower Hamlet Small Debts, &c.

AmftneVs

Nat.

Altleburgh

Writ.

Militia Law.

LanchfAer

Moors

Agreement for

I^closure.

280 10° — 22a ^.177

And lie moved the House accordingly: And,

The Order made Yesterday, " That the Directors " of the East India Company do lay before this House " a Copy, or Extra#, of the General Letter to them " from the Governor General and Council in Bengal, " sent by the Syren Packet, and referred to in the first " Part of their Letter to the Directors, dated nth " June 1777," being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House a Copy, or Extract, of a Letter from the Governor General and Council in Bengal, to the Court of Directors, dated the 22d August 1776, with the Proceedings of the said Governor General and Council in Bengal referred to therein; and also. Extra# of a Letter from the Governor General and Council in Bengal, in their secret Department, to the Court of Directors, sent by the Syren Packet, and dated 12th September 1776, with the Proceedings icferrcd to in the said Letter.

Mr. Byng presented to the House according to Order,

a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an A iff, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

The said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly: And An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Amfinck, was read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Teh of the Clock.

Lurhi’y 2 2° die Martii;

Anno 19* Georgii III'11 llcgis, 1779.

Prayers.

S}R DER E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldeburgh, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Esquire, deceased.

Tire House was moved, That the Order, made upon We thief day last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon that Day Seven-night, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more eflc#ual, the several l.aws now in being relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for varying certain Provisions contained in an A#, made' in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waite land, within the Parish and Manor of Lanchester, in the 19

County Palatine of Durham-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir

Clavering, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Waste Land, within the Parish of otherwise Har-

bury; in the County of Warwick, was read the 'Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Waste Land, within the Parish of Herberbuty, otherwise in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Thomtis do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee, to \Vhooi the Bdl for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain Open Fields, Ings, Meadows, and Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Hut toft in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills, of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found tire same to be true; and that the Parities concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of Lands to the Amount of fib. a Year, as rated to the Land Tax, who said he would not consent to nor oppose the Bill; and except the Owners of Lands to the Amount of £.30. ior. who could not be found; and except the Owners of Lands to the Amount of /.18. i6j* 8 d.who being applied to, returned no Answer; and allb except the Owners of Lands to the Amount of/.17. ioj. who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of tiic Lands intended to be inclosed are rated to the Land Tax at the Yearly Value of / 578; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fever.il Amendments thereunto; which they had dire# eft him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Tune, One by One; ar.d, upon ih Quell ;ou severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

OrJeied, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingossed.

Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principrd Traders, Inhabitants, and Occupiers of Lands, within the Soake of Ihm-castle, and Wapentakes of Gartree, Louth, EJke, L«d-borough, and 'Calceworth, in the Parts of Lind fey, in the County of Lincoln;and also the Petition of the principal Traders, Inhabitants, and Occupiers of Lands, within the Wapentake of in the Parts of

Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln-, and also the Petition of the principal Traders, Inhabitants, and Occupiers of Lands, in the several 'lowto and Par-flies ot Wrangle, Leak, Lever ton, Benin1 .’on, Frail on,

and Fishioft, in the Hundred ot in the County of Lincoln, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the lame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at tire

H rbsrtiuj

hvlofurel

stirtoli

ludoiurc

Horneafik Ac. Small Deb

ip Geo. III. 12° Martii. 281

Clerk’s Table: Where the same was. read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. Richard Clitheroxv being examined, said, That within the Towns, Villages, Hamlets, and Places, of the said Soake, and Wapentakes, and Hundred, in the Petitions mentioned, there are carried on several extensive Branches of Trade and Business, and that many ill-disposed persons therein do contract Small Debts, and although able, refuse to Pay the fame, presuming that the Creditors lie under great Inconvenience in the Recovery thereof by the present Forms of Law, and on Account of the great Expences and Delays in the County Court, which lies upwards of Thirty Miles Distance from most of the Places, and from some of them near Forty Miles: and that if any easy and more effectual Method of Recovering Small Debts within the said Towns, Villages, Hamlets, and Places, was established, the same would greatly contribute to promote Industry and Trade, and be of Public Utility. And being further examined, he said. That it is proposed by the intended Bill to establish Seven Courts for the Recovery of Small Debts, at the following Places; viz. Horncastle, Wragby, , Louth,

Sal feet, and Freiston; and that if the same shoukl be established (the greatest Part of the Inhabitants living in and near the said Places) it will render the Recovery of Small Debts speedy and easy; and that the general Distance, upon an Average, from the Courts intended to be established will not be above Three or Four Miles.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Soake of Horncastle, and Wapentakes of Wraggoe, Gar tree, Louth Ejke, , and

Calcenorth, and Parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Le~ verton, Benington, Butlerwi Freiston, and,

in the Hundred of Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Pelham and Sir Thomas do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Elton The Lord Neivhavenreported from the Committee, hiclofuit. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ellon, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee Tad examined, and fjund that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sarisfe.iftion of the Committee (except the Owner of a Moiety of 19 Acres for life, whose Objection to the said Inclosure was, that he was an old Man, and the Estate at his Death would go from his Family; and except the Owner of 5 Acres 2 Roods and 6 Perches, who had been wrote to, but returned noAnswer; and except the Owner of z Roods and jo Perches, who laid his Property was so Small, that it was unnecessary for him to lign; and also, except the Owner of Half a Rood, who was not applied to; and that the whole of the Lands, within the said Parish intended to be divided and inclosed, consists of 3,140 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Compiittee had gone through the- Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Race; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Vol. 37.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Hamlet of Dean, in the Parish of Spelsbury, in the County of

Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page, the Lord Wenman, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish or Liberties of Bucknell, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page, the Lord Wenman, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House, Copies of any Paragraphs relating to Brigadier General Stuart, in the Letters received by the Cormorant from the Governor, or from the Governor and Council at Madras.

Mr. Knightley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Woodend, in the Parish of Blakejley, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Reverend Coates, as Incumbent of in

the County of Bucks, who is entitled to Two Yard Lands, who objedfed to sign the Bill until he had con-fulted his Patron; and also except the Owner of a Quarter of a Yard Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed amounts to Twenty-five Yard Lands and a Quarter; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off- the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British Checqued and Striped Linens, and upon British and Irish Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen, of above a certain Breadth, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

4 C A Bill

Dean

Inclosure.

Buckndl

lacudur*.

Paper*

respe&in^ East India Affairs.

Woodend

Inclosure.

Bounty

on

Linens.

282 22° . 1779.

Herring A Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Ftmery. Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, inti- Speaker’s Chamber, tuled, " An Act for the Encouragement of the White

Herring Fishery," was read a Second Time. Sir Cooper presented to the House, according to

Refolded, That the Bi!) be committed. Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under of the whole House. . the Management of the respective Commissioners of

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the Customs and Excise in Great Britain: And the same ' Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the was received; and read the First Time, whole House, upon the said Bill. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petitions a Petition of the Dealers in Teas and Spirits refid- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for compaming jn of Winchester, and Towns of Rijbop better securing the Duties on Starch: And that Sir Smuggling. Waltham, Ahesford, and other adjacent Towns and Grey Cooper and Mr. Ord do prepare, and bring in, the Villages, in the County of Hampshire, whose Names fame, are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Dealers in Teas and Spirits, refid- Mr. Frederick Montagu presented to the House, ac-ing in the Towns of Shrewsbury, Ludlow, Bridgnorth, cording to Order, a Bill for the further Relief of Pro-Wenlock, Bishop's Castle, Oswestry, Whitchurch, Newport, testant Dissenting Ministers and School-Masters: And

Ellesmere, and other adjacent Towns and Villages in the same was received; and read the First Time, the County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto sub- That the Bill be read a Second Time,

feribed; Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Were severally presented to the House, and read; upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 30th Day of this In-Complaining of the illicit Practice of Smug- stant , at Twelve of the Clock,

gling; and praying Relief in the Premises. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered

to lie upon the Table. Sir James Lowlher presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Mr. WilbrahamBootle reported from the Committee, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Heign to whom the Bill for draining, improving, and preserv- of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An ing, the Low Lands, in the Parishes of Altcar, Se/ton, " Act for the widening and repairing the High Road Halfall, and Walton upon the Hill, in the County Pala- " leading from Syke, which divides the Counties

tine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Commit- " of Lancaster and West morel and, to the Town of Kirkby tee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and f.rnnd " Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned " Kendal, through the Town of Shapp, to had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction " Bridge, in the said County of mar And

of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 325 Acres the same was received; and read the First Time, of the said Low Lands; and that the whole Number Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, of Acres included in the Bill to be drained is 4,843

Acres, or thereabouts) and that the Committee had The Order of the Day being read, for the Second

gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the thereunto; which they had directed him to report to Open Fields, Meadows, Partures, Commons, Forest,

the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and anti Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, County of

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were And the House being informed that William Huth-

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One waite, Bartholomew William Rhodes, and

by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- others, on Behalf of themselves, and several other Per-upon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest fons. Owners and Proprietors of ancient Houses, hav-were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to ing Right of Common in, over, and upon, the Open by the House. Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Forest, and

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the

turning Brooks or Streams into the River Alt. County of Nottingham, who petitioned this House upon

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the last, praying to be heard, by themselves, or

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to Counsel, against the said Bill; and which Petition was be made Part of the Bill. then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, read a Second Time, declined being heard, by their to the Bill. Counsel, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be The said Bill was read a Second Time, ingrossed. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

dows. Sir George , &c.: And they are to meet Wrexham A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s PentrcBrid e muc^ an Act, mac^e *n the Thirtieth Year of the Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to Roads. SC Rcig11 of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, have Voices.

" An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in

" Repair, the Roads from the Town of Wrexham, Mr. Plumer presented to the House, according to " in the County of Denbigh, to Ventre Bridge, in the Order, a Bill for preserving the Navigation of the River " County of Flint, and from the Town of Mold to . Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, and Middlesex;

" Northop, Holywell, and Rhuddlan, in the same County, and for Relief of the Creditors under Two A ft s of Parand from thence to the Ferry House, opposite the liament, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, and " the Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, relating " and from Ruthin to the said Town of Mold," as re- to the Navigation of the said River: And the same lates to the District of Road trom the Town of Wrex- was received; and read the First Time. ham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. County of Flint, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Watkin A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Cotn-Williams Wynn, Mr. Salufbwy Brereton,8cc,: And they mon Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and

Commonable

Altcar,

&c.

Drainage.

Supply Dili; Customs.

Duties on Starch.

DilRnting Ministers and School master t.

ITercn S v ke, *c. Road.

Calverton

Inclosure.

River Lee

Navigation.

Bierton

and

Hulcot

Inclosure.

'9

Geo. III.

12

Martii.

283

Commonable Places, within the Parillies anil Liberties of Bierton and Hu/cot, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grenville, the Lord Bu/kley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Calvrton A Petition of Philip, Earl of Chesterfield, was pre-

Iodofure. fentecj to the Heuse, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Fored, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Calverton, in the County of Nottingham, wherein it is recited, that the Petitioner is seised of a Chace, called Wood

Chace, in the said County, the Liberties of which extend over a certain Part of the said Parish of Calverton-, and it is thereby proposed to be enacted, That nothing in the said intended Act contained shall prejudice, defeat, and destroy, the Right of Chace of the Petitioner, his Heirs or Assigns, for his Wild Beads or Beads of Ciuce within the Liberties of the said Chace, in the said Parish, but that the Petitioner, his Heirs and Assigns, shall have and enjoy such Right of Chace there as hath been uled and accudomed on that Behalf; and that all Hedges and Fences already made, or to be made, in any Part of the Parish of Calverton, in pursuance of the said Act, shall be in ail Cafes subject to the former Laws relative to the Fored and Chace, in such and the same Manner as they would have been if the said Act was not made; and representing lo the House, that the Petitioner and his Ancedors have, from Time immemorial, kept up a large Number of Deer in the said Fhomey Wood Chace (which lies wilhin the Boundaries of His Majesty’s Fored of Sherwood) and the Petitioner is entitled to Herbage, Covert, and Layer, for his said Deer, within a large Tract of Open, Fored, and Waste Land, lying in the said Pa; iill of Calverton, which, by the said Bill, is intended to be indoled; and that, notwithstanding the Saving Clause set forth in the said Bill, the Petitioner conceives, that his Right of Chace, or Foredrial Rights, in the said Tract of Land, will be greatly lefi'ened, if not totally defeated and destroyed, by an Inclosure And therefore praying, That he may be at Liberty to be heard, by his Counfei, before the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, against so much of the said Bill as relates to the Inclosure of such Part of the Open, Wade, and Fored Lands, in the Parish of Calverton, as lies within the said Chace or Didrift, cailed Thorney Wood Chace

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counfei, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Indruftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counfei to be heard, at the same Time, in f avour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Scmirfield'i An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Settled Estates of Henry Esquire, situate in the County of Brecon, and for purchasing other Estates in the County of Pembroke, to be settled in Lieu thereof, to the same Lies, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rice, Mr. Ambler, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Darfingham

Iccloiuie.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Whole Year Lands (except certain Lands, called Darfingham Marshes, the sole Property of Dixon Hofie, Esquire, and the Impropriator’s Glebej Common Fields, Vol, 37.

Half Year Lands, Shack Meadows, and Heaths, and other Commons, Wade, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Darfingham, otherwise Derfingham, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Aflley, Mr. Walpole, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Indruftion to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Jate Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British Checqued and Striped Linens, and upon British and Irish Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen, of above a certain Breadth, is committed j That they have Power to receive a Clause, to extend the Bounties now granted on the Exportation of Linen of the Manufacture of Ireland, being the Property of Persons residing in Great Britain, or in some of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, to Linen of the Manufacture of Ireland, to be exported from Great Britain, being, at the Time of Exportation, the Property of Persons residing in Ireland.

The Iloule being informed that Mr. Milford, from the Commissioners of the Cudoms in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Edimate of the Gross Receipt, Payments, and Net Produce, of the Revenue of Cudoms in Scotland, 'from 10th Otfo^’r 1776 to 10th October 1778; with the Payments into the Exchequer in the said Years respectively.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Edimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Edimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the H iufe

The laid Estimate is preservd amongd the other Papers of this Session.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Pay-mader General of His Majesty’s Forces, between 3id of January 1778 and id of February 1779, and not provided for by Parliament (which was presented to the House upon the 12th Day of this Jndant be printed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fSir PhUip Clerke, >

letters >or ttie leas, > 4*

t> it c e xt (The Lord Beauchamp, } ,

Tellers for the Noes.JMr j1*6'

So it paded in the Negative.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That a Message be sent to the Queen, to allure Her Majesty, that this House, with the most sincere Sentiments of Duty, Gratitude, and Attachment, offer their unanimous Congratulations to Her Majesty, on the joyful Events of the Birth of another Prince, and of Her Majesty’s happy Recovery.

Ordered, That Sir Ralph Payne, Sir John Borlafe Warren, Lord Algernon Percy, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Mr. Drake, Junior, Sir Grey Cooper, the Lord Trentham, the Lord Lewifham, and Captain do attend Her Majesty with the said Message.

Resolved,

Bounty

on

Linens.

Account; Customs of Scotland.

Motion

retpefting

Account of

ArmyExtras.

The Queen

congratulated on »he Birth of a Prince.

284

22° — 23°

A. 1

779-

Kafl India Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day ' Scvennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. Mitchell, from the Directors of the East India Company, upon the 25th Day of February last.

Motion A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-resp«ding posed, That the not fending any reinforcement to the Conduit Lord Hoxve, before the Month of June last, was a gross °{th'nWar Instance of Neglect and Miiconduft in His Majesty’s America. Servants;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " a grofs" and inferring the Word " an" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " a " grofs" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " an" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put. That the not fending any Reinforcement to Lord Howe, before the Month of June last, was. an Instance Neglect and Misconduct in His Majesty’s Servants;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Byng, Mr. Dempster: 126.

Sir Richard Worjley, Mr. Robinson: J209.

So it passed in the Negative.

irfprfting A Motion was made, and the Question being put, ihedisposition ^hat not fending a Fleet to The Mediterranean was of the Fleet. an Instance of Neglect and Misconduct in His Majesty’s Servants, especially considering the early intelligence they had of the Equipment of the Fleet;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Ordets of the Day being read;

im°°rted Resolved, That this House will, upon

e Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Britishi-bullt whole House, upon the Bill to permit, during Ships. the present Hostilities with France, certain Goods, enumerated in the Act of Navigation, to be imported in British Jo\i\\tShips sold to Foreigners.

«nd*Means Resolved That this House will, upon

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

»pply* Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on Tuesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 30 die

Anno 19* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1779. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead to the May Pole at the upper End of Spital or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoke, *5

Leatherhead,

Ac.

Read.

near the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead to the May Pole at the upper End of Spital or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoke, near *' the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable 1 ur* Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ellon, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ellen, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That the Lord Newhaven do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Amfinck’i for naturalizing Henry Amfinck, was read a Second Nat, Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes,

Mr. Grenville, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better providing of a Maintenance for St. Trinity the Vicar of the Parish of the Trinity, in the City of (Coventry) Coventry, was read a Second Time. Tythes.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger Newdigaie, Sir William Bagot, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties Supply BUI; upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Ma- Cunona. nagement of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, pur- Money suant to their Order, remitted

A Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the several Sums " of Money remitted, together with the Charges and America " Commission attending the fame, from the 31st May " 1774 to the 13th March 1778, both inclusive, for " the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North ."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House, Bounty on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Linens, upon the Bill for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth Yrear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax; and for

Huttoft

fncWure.

V

Tobacco grown in Ireland.

To vcr liau.lcts Smaii Debts, &c.

Papers

rclpwtiner

£aft India Affair*.

19 GEO. III. 230 — 24® Martii. 385

for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British Clxecqued and Striped Linens, and upon British and Irtfh Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen, of above a certain Breadth, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain Open Fields, Ings, Meadows, and Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parish of -toft, in the County of Lin, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That I he Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain Open Fields, Ings, Meadows, and Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Huttoft, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Sibthoipcdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

General and Council in Bengal, in their Secret Department, referred to in their Letter to the Court of Directors, dated the 12th September 1776: And alia,

N° 5. Copy of the 37th and 38th Paragraphs of a Letter from the President and Select Committee at Fort Saint George, to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated the 17th October 1778: And also,

N° 6. Extract of a Letter from Thomas Rumbold, Esquire Governor at Fort Saint George, to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated the 31st October 1778.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers dd lie upon the Tables to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preferred amongst the othe^ Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurti, 24° die Martii;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws now in being, which prohibit the Growth of Tobacco in Ireland, and of permitting the Importation of Tobacco, of the Growth of into Great Britain, under certain Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Hou-'C relblved itself ir.'.o the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

'I'iie Lord New haven took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

The Loal New haven reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had diredcJ him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tkitrf-dayMorning next.

A Bill for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Byng, Mr. Alderman Wilkes,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Ext rad of a Letter from the Governor General and Council in Bengal, in their Secret Department, to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated the 22d August 177 6:And also,

N° 2. Extract of the Proceedings of the Governor General and Council in Bengal, in their Secret Department, referred to in their Letter to the Court of Directors, dated the H(\Augvfl 177(1: And also,

N° 3. Extract of a Letter from the Governor General and Council in Bengal, in their Secret Department, to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated the 12th September 1776: And also,

N° 4. Extract of the Proceedings of the Governor - Vot. 37.

Anno 19® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- BHhopr rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Castle Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to lerve in this pre- Wnt* lent Parliament for the Borough of Bishops Castle, in the County of Salop, in the room of George Clive,

Esquire, deceased.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Alhom Waste Grounds, in the Manor of Ashover, in the Inclosure. County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. St. John, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open vVoodend and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and inclosur*. Grounds, 0: and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Woodend, in the Parish of Blakefley, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Woodend, in the Parish of Blakefley, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight/ey do carry the Bill to the Lore's, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for draining, improving, and pre- Altcar

serving, the Low Lands, in the Parishes of Sef- Sec.’

ton, Ha/fall, and Walton upon the Hill, in the County Drainage. Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for draining, improving, and preserving, the Low Lands, in the Parishes of Altcar, Seftoti, -fall, and Walton upon the Hill, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rice reported from the Committee, ta whom iru-^ig the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlatging the 4cc.

4 D Powers,

Bakers

and

Bu:chers

Apprentice*

mips.

Ditto.

£VHrto.

i$6 Martii.* 1779.

Powers, of an Act, manic in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from in the

Couni y of Carmarthen; and also several Roads leading from Llmidifo, in the said County, lb far as relates to the Roads included in the Kidwelly District; and also for repairing, widening, and keeping.in Repair, several other Roads within the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di-,rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ihgrofled.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Company, of Bake is, within the City of Bnjiol, was prdented to the HoulV, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable Persons to exercise the Trades of Bakeis and Butchers, although they shall not have been brought up as Apprentices in the said Trades, and Setting forth. That, if the same should pals into a Law, it will be of great Prejudice "to the Public in general, as well as to the Petitioners in particular, and' an Innovation of the established Law of the Land, as in few or any Cafes whatever, Trades are suffered to be carried on without the Trader first having served a regular Apprenticeship thereto, in order that a just Infight may be acquired in such intended Trade or Calling, raid the Party thereby enabled to manufacture and vend a good and marketable Article; and that the Petitioners (at a considerable Premium as Apprentice Fees, and a Servitude of Seven Years) are become entitled to carry on their Trade, and the intended Bill would, in a particular )VIanner> prejudice them, by giving a general Right without any Inch Fee or Service; and, as all public Bakers are under the strict Regulation of the Magi ft rates, no Fraud, or unfair Practice, can pals with Impunity; and, in the Petitioners'present Situation, the Inspectors appointed, by them have hitherto taken the necessary Care that due R g.ird be paid to the Assize and Quality of the Bread wimin their Distpft, which Regulation, as to the Petitioners, of Conrfe would ceale, if the said Bill should pals into a Law; and that, as all Persons have at present a Right to manufacture and bake Bread for their Family, or as Clifts to the Poor, the said Bill can only tend to give a Right to unskilfui Persons to carry on the said Trades, to the immediate Prejudice of the Public, and of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not be fullered to pais into a Law.

A Petition of the Wardens of the Butchers in the Town of Nottingham, anti of the several other Butchers of the Town of Nottingham, whole Hands are there-

unto let and subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the said Trade, was also prdented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, if the same should pads, it would be a very partial Law, and greatly prejudicial to the Petitioners, by depriving them of the Benefit they now are entitled to have by Law, in Exclusion of Inch who have not feryed regular Apprenticeships; and that the Petitioners neccttaviiy fuller great Lottes, from the* perishable Nature of the Co n. modi tv they deal in, which other Trades are free from, and apprehend, should such Bill pal’s into a Law, the same would be of no real Service (o this Kingdom: And therefore praying* That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Wardens of the Bakers in the

Town of Nottingham, and of the several other Bakers of the Town of Nottingham, whose Hands are there*

unto set and subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trade, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the find Bill; and Setting forth, That, should the same pass into a Law, it would be of no real Benefit to this Kingdom, yet, in its Consequences, would be greatly prejudicial to the Petitioners, by depriving them of the Benefit tnev are now by Law entitled to have, in Exclusion of others who have not served regular Apprenticeships; and that the Petitioners Trade is now already under the Regulation of an Assize, on which Account the Petitioners, notwithstanding the many Lottes they sustain in the Course of their Trade, can only have such Profits as the Magistrates think proper to allow them, which is not the same in any other Trade in this Kingdom: And there* fore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Milles reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Hertford and Bucks (the Settled Estates of Jane Willfun, the Wife of George ful, Esquire) in Trullees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Money to arile thereby in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the B.ll, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved,'That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Mitlesdo carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herring " Fishery."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Archibald Edmonfone took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone reported from the Committee, That they had gone through ti e Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will j lease to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Dundas, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign llaw Linen Yarns, made of Flax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of Cheequcd and

Striped Linens, and upon British and Irish D apers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen, of above a

certain

WiWbrf.

Efta as.

Herring

Fiftiery-

Bountf

on

Linen*.

19 Geo. III. -24*

certain Breadth, was committed j the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered tire Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,.That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

mgretied.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for tire House, rcf°lvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, and upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Du-

tiuie. ties upon the Produce of the lever.il Duiics under the

Management of the respective Commissioners of the Custotns and Excite in Great , be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

Tire I Joule resolved irleli into th.c laid Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made ic*cral Amendments thereunto; which they h d directed him to report, when tire House will pieifc to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

G<v*ts The House, according to Order, ref Ivcd itfdf into

im\<)r(ed a Committee of the whole House, upon the bill to

Bduflv-buiU Pc.rmit* during the present Hollilides with ccr-

Ships. tain Goods, enumerated in the Act of Navigation, to be imported in Bn'tfi-built Ships sold to Foreigners.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee,

| Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

! Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That t lie Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ihmes on Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according Starch. to Order, a Bill for better securing the Duties on Starch: And the same v/a* received; and read the FiiH Time.

Rejilvcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Uridjrr.vster Ordered, That Mr. Pouletl do make the Report from Mirkct, &. c. the Committee, to whom the Bill for erecting a Market House, and regulating the Markets, within the Borough I of Brid^e,zvaUT9 in the County of Scmerfd; and for

paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, i Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Borough, was committed, j Mr. Vcndett accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had

directed to be reported to the House \ and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be tngrossed.

\Vol/ 47.

A Mclfuge from the" Lords; by Mr. P*P?S and Mr. Heft:; ": ‘

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Carlifls

Act for continuing the Term and altering tile 'Powers pfl^th

of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign ^oa^; of his late Majesty, for repairing the lload from- the City of Carlisle, to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith, ' to Eamont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Gum- , berland and Westmoreland; without any Amendment: . 1

And a!so,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Afemoujh Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth to Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Alemouth, through the Town of Al.vjiek, to and from thence to the Town of Hexham; and also tile Road leading out of the aforesaid Road between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland-, and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Hoads j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pa (tares, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Farilli and Liberties of Badby, in the County of Northampton-, without any Amendment:

And a!so,

The !>ords have agreed to the- Bill, intituled, An A*en Dartett

Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Open Incl°<ure. and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of in

tiic County of Warwickr; without any Amendment:

And ailo, .

! he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An sh-Seld Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Tiiirty-fif It Year of the Reign of his late (Via- Road; jesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Roads from Little She field,

" in the County of York, through the Towns of Flatherf-ge, Hope, and Cajlleton, to Sparr , in the " County of Derby, and from the Guide Pcjl near,

" Barber's Fields Cupola, through Bridge,

" Great Hucklorv, Tidswell, Hardgate, Wall, and Fair-

" field, to Buxton, in the County of Derby," without any Amendment: And also,

Tiic Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An North Act for charging the Lands within the North Level, Bedford Part of the Great Level of the Fens, cal ed Bed- Level

ford Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the M anor of Crowtand, with further Taxes, for a limited Time, for discharging the Debts incurred bjr the Commissioners under an Act of the Twenry-seventh Year of King George Second; and for better fop-porting and preserving the Drainage of the said Lands; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Vein Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road Jeadi.ng from Flimzveil Vent, in the Parish of the County of Unfix, to the Town and Port of in the said County; without any Amendment: And

Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the and Poor of the several Paddies within the Hundred of CosforJ, except the Parish of Had/eigh, and also of the Parish of Polfted, within the Hundred of Babergh, in the County of Suffolk; without any Amendment; And

alia.

The

opvie

Rxineock’s

Name.

Hemp

imported from

IrtUiki

Account;

.Judo«$’

Salaries.

Account;

Offices in the gift of certain Judges#

Canada

Expedition.

Bolton

Inclosure.

Supply*

288 24° Martiu

' The Lords have agreed tw the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Raincock, and others therein de-

feribed, to take and ule the Surname and Arms of Fleming, pursuant to the Will of Fletcher , de-

ceased; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the allowing a Bounty on the Importation of Hemp into Great Britain from Ireland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Salary received by the Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, rdpe&ively, from the lit Day of January 1759 to the 31st of December 1778; distinguishing each Year*

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Offices in the Disposal of the Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench, of the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, and of the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, respectively; 4iftinguifhir»g such as have usually been fold, and stating the Annual Value of each; from the ill of January 1754 to the 31st of December 1778 >

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Returns of the Army, employed upon an Expedition from Canada, under the Command of Lieutenant General Burgoyne, for the Months of July,

September, and October, 1777.

Ordered That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Moors, Open Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Bolton, in the Parish of Morland, in the County of Westmoreland, is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Ordered, That the Ellimatc of the Charge of a Regiment of Fencible Men, to be forthwith raised in North Britain, for the Year 1779, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of the New ltoads of Communication, and building the Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of Lieutenant General Sir James Adolphus Ough-ton, for the Year 1779, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby* Pay-master General ot His Majesty’s Forces, between 31st of January 1778, and ift of February j 779, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Distribution of £. x,oooo, oooo, granted to His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services for the Year 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary’ Services incurred and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Pay-tnafter General of His Majesty’s Forces^ between the 9th of 1775 the 31st

cf January 1776, and not provided for by Parliament (which w’as presented to the House upon the ift Day of March 1776) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred and paid by the Right honourable Rigby, Pay-roaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 31st of January 1776 and the ift of February 1777, and not provided for by Parliament (Which was presented to the House upon the 13th Day of February 1777; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred and paid by the Right honourable Rickard Rigby, Pay-master General of Fits Mai city’s Forces, between the 31 ft of January 1777 and the ift of February 1 778, and not provided for by Parliament (which was presented to the House upon the 2d Day of March, in the last Session of Pari lament) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report, which upon the 28th Day of May, in the iaft Session of Parliament, was made from the Select Committee, to whom it was referied to consider and examine the Accounts of extraordinary Services incurred and paid, and not provided for by Parliament, which have been laid before this House in the Years 1776, 1777, and in the then present Session of Parliament, and to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Particulars " of the several Sums of Money rem.tted, together " with the Charges and Commission attending the feme, " from the 31st May 1774 to the 13th March 1778, " both inclusive, for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces " in North America," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of King’s Warrants, received by MelTrs. Harley and Drummond, from, the 29th of November 1770 to the 8th of December 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Spanish and Portugal Coins, remitted for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North America, from the ift of January 1774 to the-8th of December 1778, be referred 10 the said Committee.

Ordered That the Lift of Pay-master’s Receipts, received by Messrs. Harley and from the 29th

of November 1770 to the 8th of December 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House w’as moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 10th Day of May 1715, of the Title of an Account of Pensions, which Itoid charged on the Civil List of Ireland, on the 6th of February 1713, presented to the House by Mr. Lowndes, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly;

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the said 10th D.ty of May 1715, of the Title of an Account of Pensions on the Military List in Ireland, on the 31st of December 1713. likewise presented to the House by Mr. Lowndes, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered!

ip Geo. III. 24° — 25

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ordalfo acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relblvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means lor railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

’ Martii. 289

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered tta Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s lable: where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Cecil Wray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to remove certain Ditficuhies relative to Voters at County Elections . And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Votes at

County

Election*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock

Jovis,2 50 die Mar tii $

Anno 19* Georgii III"' Reg’s, 1779.

A Prayers.

MR Pelham presented to the House, according to Older, a Bi 1 for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small I'.his within the Soake o and Wapentakes of iPraygoe, Louth , Lud-

k.r'uyh, and Cake worth and Parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Lev rton, Beninglon, But ter wick, and Fj'aoft,

in the Hundred ol Skirjeck, in the County of Lincoln: And the fine was received, and read the First Time. Resolved, I’hat the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Chester presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing and allotting, certain Commonable and Waste Lands, called A Sion Common, Alarlepit Common; and Cock within the

Parish of Iron ASlon, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Chester presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing that Part of the Common or Waste Ground called which

lies in the Parish of Stapleton, in the County of cejhr: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, or Piece of Waste Ground, within the Township ot Fenwick, in the Parish of C, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the house, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conient to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and had also given their Consent to the leaving out One of the Commissioners named in the said Bill, and inserting another in his Stead (except One Person, whole Property is of the Annual Value of £.180, who had been applied to, but had given no Answer; and that the whole of the Property intended to be inclosed is of the Annual Value of £.1,375; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Vol. 37.

Air. Hungerjord presented to the House, according Leire

to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Indolure. and Open Fields of Lei re, in the County of cester: And the same was received; and re to the First Time.

Resolved, lint the Bill be read a Second Time;

West

Mr. Darner reported from the Committee, to whom £lll?.|lton the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Com- InUofu.e. mon Arable Field, and also certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Knighfon, in the County of Dorje, was committed;' That the Committee had examined, and found that the Notices directed by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, ic alive to Bllis of inclosure, to be given in the Months of August or September, lnd been given in the Month, of September and October; and that there are only Four Persons

interested in the Inclosure, who have all given their Conient, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a. Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Baldwyn reported from the Committee, to whom C*mhant the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Illclofurei Commons or Waste Land, lying on the within the Manor and Parish of Cainham, in the County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the v

House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of ti.e Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conient to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Qoinmittee had gone through the Bill, and made ll-veral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the house; and lie read the Report in his Place , and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, One by One; and, upon the Quest.on severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bid, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Bucktand the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Com- inclosure. mon Fields, Common Aleadows, Common Pastures,

Commonable Landsand Waste Grounds, within the

4 E Manor

Amfinck's

Nat.

llerring

Fisheries.

Tobacco grown in Ireland.

19° 150 Mart it. 779.

Manor and Parish of Bucklandfxnthe County of

was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found, that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the C >mmittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the AmendmentswercOnce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Amfinek, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Kill and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone, according to Order, re-

ported from the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill to continue and amend an Act made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the White " Herritfg Fishery, " was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Newhavett, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Laws now in being which prohibit the Growth of Tobacco in; and of

permitting the Importation of Tobacco of the Growth of Ireland, into Great Britain, under certain Restrictions;

the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of the several Acts of Parliament, which prohibit the Growth and Produce of Tobacco in be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation of Tobacco, of the Growth and Produce of Ireland, into Great Britain, be permitted, under the like Duties and Regulations as Tobacco of the Growth of any of his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, is permitted to be imported.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions- And that Mr. Grenville, the Lord -ven, the Earl Nugent, and Mr. Townshend, do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and Uoadi. keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from in the County of Carmarthen; and also several Roads leading from L/audi/o,in the said County, so far as relates to the Roads included in the Kidwelly Ditlrift; and also for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen; and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County, so far as relates to the Roads included in the Kidwelly District; and also for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Rice do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Ralneocl’* Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled-, Name.

An Act to enable John Raiucock, and others therein de-j, feribed, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Fleming, pursuant to the Will of Fletcher Fleming, deceased.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 21. Leave out " Eight" and insert

" Seven. "

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was> upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Orddo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keep- Lttdknvftch, ing in Repair, the Roads leading from Lua/owfach, in &c-the County of Carmarthen, to the Town of Llandovery, L and from thence through the Town of to

the River Amman, and several other Roads tn the said County, communicating the rewith, was read the Third Time. %

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill by way of Ryder, to prevent the Road from being carried through the Ground of Darnel Jones, Esquire.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Biii do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from , in the County of Carmarthen, to the Town of Llandovery, and from thence, through the Town of Llangadoek, to the River Amman, and several other Roads in the said County, communicating the rewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Rice do carry the Biii to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply- 1 Committee of the whole House, to w hom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- .

jesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-three thousand One hundred Ninety-five Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, forcompleting the whole Charge of the Pay of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Six Regiments of Foot, which of late Years have been paid in Part out of the Revenues of the

Kingdom

19 Geo. III. 250 — 26°

Kingdom of Ireland, and are now fcrvingin North America, for the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nineteen thousand Five hundred Eighty-four Pounds and Two Shilling1;, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Fencible Men, to be forthwith raised in North Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine,

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Good* Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the imported Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to British-built permit, during the present Hostilities with France, Ships. certain Goods, enumerated in the Act of Navigation, to be imported in British-built Ships sold to Foreigners, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice Read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Bill! Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the u im.. Committee, of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Exale in Great Britain, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-importfd ln§ next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole from House, to consider of the allowing a Bounty on the Im-Ireland. portation of Hemp into Great Britain from Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ver.erisy 26° Martii;

Anno 19* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

Herring A N ingrossed Bill to continue and amend an Act, Filbery. JrVmade in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encourage " ment of the White Herrring Fishery, " was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And That the Title be. An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the " White Herring Fishery."

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. VOL.37.

Martii. 29 i

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty ad- Svmp'y Bill-ditional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties Custon* under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain, was read the Third Time;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and That the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management* of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to permit, during the present Hof- Goods tilities with France, certain Goods enumerated in the imported Ad of Navigation, to be imported in 5ri/^-built Ships . 1,1 sold to Foreigners, was read the Third Time. Ul

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And That the Title be, An Act to permit, during the present Hostilities >

with France, certain Goods, enumerated in the Act of Navigation, to be imported in Bbuilt Ships sold to Foreigners; and for releasing Ships and Goods which have been seized in pursuance of the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing Two Acts, Bounty oa made in the Twenty-Ninth Year of the Reign of his Linen* late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of FJax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British Checqued and Striped Linens, and upon British and Irish Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen, of above a certain Breadth, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: and that the Title be, An Act for further continuing and extending the Provisions of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of Britishi and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British Checqued and Striped Linens, and upon British and Irish Diapers,

Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen, of above a certain Breadth.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ah ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosinga certain West Knii'-wn' Open Common Arable Field, and also certain Com- Inc urt* mons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of West Knighton, in the County of Dorset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and That the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Common Arable Field, and also certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of West Knighton, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Darner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf- ncu tures. Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Buckland, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures,

Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the

Manor

202 2.6° MarH A. 1779.

Manor and Parish of Buckland, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Fenwick An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain luclosure. Common, or Piece of Waste Ground, within the Township of Fenwick, in the Parish of Campfal, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved.Thrt the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, or Piece of Waste Ground, within the Township of Fenwick, in the Parish of in the West

Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the % Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cainham An ingrafted Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, inclosure. certain Commons or Waste Land, lying on the Clte-hill, within the Manor and Parish of Cainham, in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

Kefolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Commons or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cainham, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ilcot Mr. Winchcombe Hartley presented to the House, Inicofure. according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Commonable Linds, -within the Tithing of El cot, in the Parish of Kintbury, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Kefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time

South A niton Sir George Savile presented to the House, accord-Iiiclosure. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open fields, Common or Waste Grounds, within the Manor of South Anfton, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Mdfage from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

.Vufrvhimpton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inclosure. for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, snd all other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Mafeykampton, in the County of Glou-cefier-, without any Amendment: And also,

Sur:>ly Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act Lotteryo#ce for licensing and regulating Lottery Office Keepers; Keepers, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords, have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act Laws'* to COi)t‘nue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Im portation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers in Americ; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in ;and

to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; without any Amendment: And also,

Vncbfure*1 The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and all other Commonable

Land, within ti e Manor and Parish of Himbleton, in the County of Worcester; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Graft on for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common F%r<l Fields, and all other Commonable Land, in the Parish ,1C u,e' of Grafton Flyford, in the County of Worcester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Gander Law for repairing and widening the Road from Gander Lane, ,0 in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the West Rid- Sh'£^*c-ing of the County of York; and also the Road branching out of the said Road at or near Mojbrough Green, in the Hud County of Derby, to Cloivn, in the same County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cropehnrn for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Com- iucloare. mon Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within and belonging to the Township of in the

Parish of Cropthorn, and County of; with-

out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ci»yof for building a new Assize or Town Hall, and Market House, within the City or Borough of Wells, in the '&c. County of Somerset; and for regulating the Markets within the said City or Borough; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Moore, Register to the Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches Oachti, and Chairs, attended at the Door; he was called &c-in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " A Return of the Commissioners " for licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs, to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, for an Account " of the Number of Officers, and their Salaries, era- ,

" ployed in their Office, on 5th January 1779."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. 7 from Drawback

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the on Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented L*'’;"4 to the House, CaW

A Paper, intituled, A Return to an Order of the " 10th March 1779, relating to the Total Drawbacks "of the Duties of Customs and Excise, for the last " Fourteen Years, upon printed Linens and Caliicces,

" lb for as relates to the Drawback of the Duties of " Customs."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The foid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to O>on Order,' a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Com- Inek^re. mon,' or Waste Ground, called Ouiton Heath, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Walsh presented to the House, according to w.wfter Order, a Bill to enable the Trustees for putting in Lxe- iSiu0-cutionanAft of the Ninth Y'ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Building a Bridge at Worcester, over the River Severn, and for opening convenient Avenues to the said Bridge, to linish and complete the

laid

tiff I Vp

!m!

4c.

k

M

Supply.

Hirer Lee Narigatiofi.

Boon Syke, kc. Koid.

M India Aiairf.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Supply.

xp Geo. III. 26 ° Martii. 293

said Bridge, and to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A motion being made, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salary of the Fifth Baron of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House the Consideration of a proper Augmentation of the Salary of the Fifth Baron of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salary of the Fifth Baron of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster.

A Bill for preserving the Navigation of the Fiver Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and fexr; and for Relief of the Creditors under Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, and of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the said River, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pturner, Mr. Calvert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

' A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 'i'wenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties " of Lancaster and Westmor el to the Town of " Kirkby in Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby in " Kendal, through the Town of Shapp, to Emont " Bridge, in the said County of Westmoreland," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -ther. Sir James Lowther, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House, such Parts of the Advices received by the East India Company, the 16th Instant, from Fort Saint George, as relate to the Enquiry ordered by the Court of Directors to be made in Consequence of the late Resolution and Troubles at that Settlement.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House, a Copy of a Letter from Alexander Dalrymple, Esquire, to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated the 10th Instant; and of the printed Paper thereto annexed'.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House, a Copy of Letters Patents granted to the East India Company, dated the 8th of January 1753.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A motion was made, and the Question being put,

Vol. 37.

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do not provide for the Sum of £. 535,701. V -7^ (one of the Articles of the Account of the Extraordinaries of the Army, referred to the said Committee, as applied and inverted in the Purchase of and

Portugal Coins for the Use and- Service of His Majesty’s Forces in North America) until this House shall have made further Enquiry into the Expenditure of the fame, no Vouchers having yet been prefen ted to this House relative to the fame;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they has come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was-directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for reducing into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in Force for repairing the Road leading from the Town or Village of Tittenfor, to the most northern Part ot Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford and for repairing the Road from Darlaftone Bridge, over Tittenfor Heath, through the Town or Village of Tittenfor aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable Frederick Earl of Carli/le, Lord of the Manors of Irthington, Laverfdale, and Newby, in the Parish of Irthington, in the County of Cumberland, and of several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said Manors and Parish, in the said County of Cumberland.

Mr." Ord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open and Common Fields, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Irthington, in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Fortnight, the 15th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain Fee Farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements, within the Survey of the said Duchy.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in being relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 4 F House

Tittensor

Road.

Irthingtom

Incklure,

Ditto.

Duchy of La n caster Estatea.

Militia

Laws.

Ways and Meant#

294 26° — 29

House, to confuicr further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning - next, Ten of the Clock.

Lun<e} 290;

Anno 19* Georgii III*" Regis, 1779. Prayers.

AM E S S A GE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Browning:

Mr. S]>eaker,

Oxdown The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Road Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re-

?airing and widening the Roads from Oxdown , in 'ophamLane, to the City of; and from the said City, through Hurjley, to Chandler's Ford; and from Hurjley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey; and from the said Turnpike Road through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Wriborne Minfier, in the County of Dorset; and for amending and widening the Road from Ringivood Gate, in the said County of to Woolsbridge, and from a Street called The Hundred, at through

Chihvorth, to the River at in the said County;

without any Amendment: And also,

Piper’* Ton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An through Act for continuing and amending Two-Acts, made in ^Road!*^Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Piper's Inn to , and several other

Roads therein mentioned, in the County of j

and for repairing the Road from Piper's Inn aforesaid to Alhtlney Bridge ;and also for pavtr.g, cleansing, and lighting, the City 6r Borough of in the said

County and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also.

Hcrberbury The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Inclosure. Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Waste Land, within the Parish of Her her bury, otherwise in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Acton A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, Certain Inclosurt. Commonable and Waste Lands, called AElon Common, Mar/epit Common, and Coik Shute, within the Parish of Iron ACton, in the County of was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chester, Mr. Darker, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

’Martii. A. 1779.

BtU to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in sP*wt the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- Sln£hv* jesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy, in the Townflrip of Elton, through the Town of Middlewich, and by Spittle Hill, in St ant horn, to Winsford; and from

Spittle Hill to the Town of Northwich, in the County Palatine of Chester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Gould reported from the Committee, to whom Bedford the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Ma- rauu&e‘ jetty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for draining and " preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds,

" lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level " of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam,

" otherwise Grant, West, and the Hardlands of " tifham, Swaffham Bulbeck, and Prior, East;

" and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the " Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford " Level, to fell certain Fen Lands lying within the " Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invejled Lands," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of about 385 Acres, who could not be found, 335 Acres of which is called The Poor's Fen, and pays no Tax; and that the whole Lands comprized in the said Bill consists of 6,427 Acres a Roods and 17 Perches, 600 Acres of which are unoccupied and unowned; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Whe>e the Amendments, were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing and Inclosing the Common and Lrire Open Fields of Leire, in the County of was lhdofure.

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed so Mr. i/wr-gerford, Mr. Dempster, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Kingswocd A Bill for dividing and inclosing that Part of the Inclosure. Common or Waste Ground called Kingswood, which lies in the Parish of Staplein the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chester Mr. Darker; Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom the

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Framework thereunto subscribed, Framework Knitters, residing Knitter*’ in the Town of Leicester, and Places adjacent: And Wage*, also,

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Framework Knitters, residing in the Town of Derby, and Places adjacent: Arid also,

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Frame work Knitters, eliding in

tire

Calvcrton

Involute.

Gra y*s Inn Lane

Turnpike.

iq Geo. III. iq Martti. 295

the Town of Godalming, in the County of Surrey, and Places adjacent: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Framework Knitters, residing in the Cities of London and Westminster, and in the Couaty of Middlesex: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Framework Knitters, residing in the Town of Tewkesbury in the County of GJouceJhr, and Places adjacent j

Were federally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making from the Framework Knitters of for a Regulation in that Business; and representing to the House, that notwithstanding their utmost Diligence, they are not able to maintain themselves and Families, owing to the reduced Prices paid them for their Labour, and the great Advance in the Price of Provisions; and that the Petitioners apprehend there arc great Frauds and Abuses committed in the Trade, to the great Discredit of the Manufactory (in which there are Twenty thoul'and Persons employed in the Kingdom) and Damage to the Public: And therefore praying. That they may have the same Relief granted them as is prayed for by the above-mentioned Petition.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of ihemiclves and others. Framework. Knitters, residing in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and Places adjacent, is referred; and they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of H'illiam Hu/bivaire, Michael Carding, Samuel Smith, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and several oilier Persons, Owners and Proprietors of ancient Houses, having Right of Common in, over, and upon the Open. Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Forcfts, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in thf

County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Forest, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Calverton, in the County of Nottingham; and Setting forth. That, if the same should pals into a Law, as it pow dands, it will be highly prejudicial to the Rights and Properties of the Petitioneis: And there praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as aftefts the Petitioners i and that they may have such Relief as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Treasurers, Governors, and Trustees, of the Society for supporting a Charity School for the Maintenance, Education, and Apprenticing out, of the Poor Children of W Parents, born in and near London, who have no Parochial Settlement here, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Von.3 7.

That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, That a Petition has been presented from the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Builders, and Occupiers of Houses, in Swinton Street, Acton Street, and several other Streets, and Places near to Gray's Inn Lane Road, and from the Inhabitants of the Squares, Streets, and Places, near to Gray’s Inn Lane, for a Bill to explain and amend that Clause in the Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to " Gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads in the " said Act mentioned, in the County of which gives Power to the Trustees to erect Toll Gates, so far as it relates to the erecting any Gate between the End of Gray's Inn Lane, and the New Road which leads from Jfiington to Paddington-, and that the Petitioner:, finding that their School House bn Green

would not admit of sufficient Enlargement, and having been patronized by His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and assisted by the Donations of the Nobility Gentry, and Public in general, did, in the Year 1772, purchase a Piece of Freehold Land near to the North End of Gray’s Inn Lane, on the East Side of the Turnpike Road leading from the said Lane to the New Road, and op|X'site to the Foundling Hospital, and have crested a School House, and other Buildings, sufficient to maintain and educate Forty-two Boys, and Fourteen Girls, in which they have expended the Sum of £. 3,695; and that of 642 Boys entered upon the Establishment of the said School since its first Institution, 511 have been put out Apprentices to Trades, or to the Sea; and that the Fund of the Charity has already suffered a Leiss by the Erection of the said Gate, and will be further injured if continued, a Lof's it can very ill bear, their present Finances being infufikient to support and educate the Number of Ohj.-fts which their House is calculated to receive; for it cannot be presumed, that Persons who may be inclined to inspect the said School, and to contribuie to its support, will fub mit to the Imposition of so heavy Toll as Ten Pence on Sundays, and Four Pence on other Days, for the Liberty of travelling in a Coach and Pair between Two and Three hundred Yards on the said Turnpike Road j and that, at the Time the Petitioners were about to purchase the said Ground, in order to build their School House thereon, they never imagined that any Toll Gate would be erected on that Road, to the great Injury of the said Charity; and therefore cannot behold, with Unconcern, the said Gate p\jt up again, after being removed by Order of the Justices at the last Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, who, as the Petitioners are informed, declared and adjudged, that the Trustees of the said Hghgateand Uampjiead Roads had abused and exceeded their Power by erecting the said Gate, and had given the Tolls of the said Gate to the Lessee of their other Toll Gates, without deriving the smallest Benefit therefrom for the Uses of the fuidTruft: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration; and that leave may be given to bring in the said Bill, and that the same may pass into a Law-.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Builders, and Occupiers of Houses, in Swinton Street, Alton Street, Conjiitution Row, and several other Streets and Places, situated on the Side of, or near to, the Turnpike Road leading froth the North End of Grtfjkr Inn Lane, to the New Road near Battle Bridge, in the Parish of Saint in

the County of Middlesex, as also of the several Inhabitants in Gray's Inn Lane, Lamb’s Conduit Street, Red Lion Street, Red Lion Square, Square, Ormond Street, Mudnutrt Street, James Street, Bedford Row, Kings

Road, Joint Street, Hatton Gard, and other

Streets

296 290 Martiu . 1779.

Streets, Squares, and Places thereabouts, who have Occasion to travel or pass by Way of Gray's Lane Road, and the New Road, to the East End of the City of London, and to the Great Road* as also to the Edgwarc Road, near Paddington, and to the Great Western Road, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Wells The House proceeded r« take into Consideration the TownHdl, Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled; &c' An Act for building a new Assize or Town Hall, and Market House, within the City or Borough of in the County of Somerset; and for regulating the Markets within the said City or Borough And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz,

Pr. 14, 1. 31. After the M insert " Annual."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Tudway do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Lanchffter Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, inclosme. to whom the Bill for varying certain Provisions contained in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, or Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of in

the County Palatine of Durham; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands to the Amount of £.1,856. is. a Year, some of whom did not choose to sign the Bill, but made no Objection, and Two or Three Persons of small Property, who could not be met with; and that the whole Amount of the Property concerned in the Bill, amounts to the sum of £.10,718 8s. oJ. a Year; and that no Person appeared before the Committee tooppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ngrofled.

Account! J The House being informed that Mr. Mithell, from

East India the Directors of the East India Company, attended at Company, |he Door. he

was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N" t. Extracts of Advices received by. the Court of Directors of the East India Company, from Fort Saint Georgerrelative to the Enquiry ordered to be made in consequence of the late Resolution and Troubles at that Settlement: And al)o,

N* a. Copy of a Letter from Alexander Esquire, to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated the 10th March 1779, and of the printed Paper thereto annexed: And also, .

N° 3. Copy ot Letters Patent granted to the East India Company, dated the 8th January 1753.

Together with the Lift of the said Papers.

- And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers, do lie upon the Tabic to be perused by the Members the House.

*5

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Section.

A Petition of the Gentleman, Clergy, Freeholders, TyneKiwt and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Durham, - Bridge. thumberland, and the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented from the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act; of Parliament, therein mentioned, for building a Temporary Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateftiead, in the County of Durham, and to enable the Trustees named in One other Act, in the said Petition mentioned, for putting the said Act in Execution, by and under the Direction of the Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, to open a more convenient Passage and Avenue to, and also to prevent the building and re-erecting the Houses, Shops, and other Erections and Buildings, which stood upon that Part of the old Stone Bridge, which belongs to the See of Durham, and to be reimbursed the Charge and Expence thereof by a Toll to be taken upon the said Temporary Bridge, and also upon the new Stone Bridge, after the same shall be built; and also to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of Newcastle upon Tyne, to open a more convenient Passage and Avenue to that Part of the said Stone Bridge which belongs to the Corporation of Newcastle, and to be reimbursed the Charge and Expence thereof, and also repairing, preserving, and supporting, the said Temporary Bridge, until the said new Stone Bridge shall be built and completely finished; and alleging, that the Petitioners are well iatis fled of the Truth of the several Allegations contained in the said Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and that the making An Act of Parliament for the Purposes aforesaid, would be of public U tility:

And therefore praying, That a Bill for the Purposes proposed by the said Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of Newcastle upon Tyne, may, under such Orders and Regulations, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet, pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upo* Tyne, in Common Council assembled, is referred.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow -eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two Million Twenty-six thousand One hundred Thirty-seven Pounds Four Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, and the First Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Nine hundred Ninety-five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Expences of the New Roads of Communication

and,

19 Geo. III.

290 — 30° Martii.

*97

and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

The First Kesolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, " except ing an Article thereof, intituled, To Bills of Exchange drawn by John Stewart, Esquire, Superm-u tendant of the Indian Affairs in the Southern District, " and amounting to the Sum of63,306. 2id"

And the question being put, That these Words be there added;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdi« he G"ri,'\ 7«

Taienfor theNoc |,4,

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Kesolution was, uj on the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Kesolution of the Committee being rer.d a Second Time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Morbid Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Indonire. Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Morland, in the Parish of Morland, in the County of is committed.

American Re/ohed, That this House will, upon the

Aii^r*. jp, ji nexl) resolve itself into a Committee

of the whole House, to take into C'mIHeration the several Papers which were prefenr»d to the House by Mr. De Grey, upon the 19th Day ">f this Instant purlinnt to their Address to His Majesty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Major General Si. Pigot do attend the said

Committee, at the same Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

to be examined relative to the Subject Matter of the said Papers,

Ordered, That Lord John do carry the said

Message.

Ordered, That the several Tapers which tfrere presented to this House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the Expedition from Canada, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers which were presented to this House by Lord George Germain, upon the 15th Day of December Jail, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, be referred to the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Fortnight, the 16th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cohfider of the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. Mickell, from the Directors of the East India Company, upon the 25 th Day of February last.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mottling, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render mote effectual, the several Laws now in beings relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourhed till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Tellers for the Noes, j M}

66.

_ Mr. Ord:

So it wa? resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Muj *r General Char lei Grey do attend the said Committee, at the feme dime.

Ordered, That Co onel Charles O Hara do attend the said Committee, at the same d ime.

Ordered, That Colonel John Paterson do attend the said Committee, at the tame d’irne.

Ordered, That Colonei Charles Manhood do attend 'the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, d'hat Licuterant Colonel Sheriffe

do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, d'hat Lieutenant Colonel Henry Hope do attend the said Committee, at the fam*. Ft me.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Co’..-i,d Ne/litt Balfour do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Colonel Gardiner

do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered,d'hat Major John Mcr.tr.f<,r do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, d'hat Captain Robert Mackenzie do attend the aid Committee, at the l one Time.

Th? Ordered, That a M,.la;e be sent to the Lords, to

Commons desire that them IjO'diviips will give Leave to Earl dtfireleave Cornwadisto come io a Committee of this House, on

to *»tend ’Ihurfdayhe 22(1 i by of next, which are ap-

them. pointed to tak h to Coiifidtration several Papers presented to this House, containing the Corresponder.ee between His M.jetty’s Ministers and bir William Howe,

VOL. 37.

Mari Is, 30* die Anno 19* Georgii III. Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from she Lords, by Mr. Halford

j11 and Mr. Broionhig:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering and varying thfe Powers, of to much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Roads leading to the said Town; without any Amtndment t And ailb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Pari Hi of Elton, in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining, improving, and preserving, the Low Lands, in the Parishes of Altcar, Sefton, and

Walton upon the Hill, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Port ot Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Re* strictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, are allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

4 G intituled.

Eaff India Affairs.

Supply.

Militia

Lawk.

Ways and Meant.

Bridgewater

Road*.

Elion

Inclosure.

Altcar,

ice.

Drainage.

Importation of Corn.

River Lee Navigation.

30° Martii. A. 1779.

intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and " Exportation of Corn; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House heing informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City, of London, in Common Council aflctnbled.

And then they withdrew.

And ti:e said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have perused a Bill, depending in the House, for preserving the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and , and for Belief of the Creditors under Two Acts of Parliament, of tive Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, and of the Seventh. Year of His on sent Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the said River; and that, by the said last mentioned Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, the Trustees, appointed to execute the Powers therein granted, were authorized to raise Money by Annuities upon the Rates and Duties therein mentioned, on the natural Life of every Contributor, or the Nominee of fitch Contributor, so as not to exceed the Rate of Eight Pounds per Centum per; yet the Petitioners

have been informed, and doubt not they shall be able to prow, that many Thousand Pounds have been borrowed, by the Trustees, at a much higher Rate than allowed by the said Act, and part thereof at not less than Eleven Pounds per Cent-, and that a very considerable Sum of Money has been raised by Annuities, without any Warrant or Order first obtained from a proper Number of Trustees for that Purpose; and that, notwithstanding the Trustees were restricted to Eight Cent. on a Angle Life, Annuities at that Rate on Two Lives have been granted; and that it appears to the Petitioners, that great Part of the Works relative to the said Navigation have been improperly executed, and various Sums of Money unnecessarily expended; and they conceive, that, if the Trust had been properly conducted, and due Attention paid to the regular Collection of the Tolls, the same would have been sufficient to have answered the Purposes intended by the said Acts; and that great Quantities of Corn, Malt, and other necessary Commodities and Articles of Life, are conveyed, by Means of the River Lee, from the County of Hertford, and other adjoining Counties, to the Cities of London and Westminster; and that, if the additional Tolls pro-

posed by the Bill should take Place, every additional Toll so created will be an additional Tax and Burthen imposed upon Trade and Industry, in order to supply a

Deficiency that has arisen from Irregularity and Miscon-dust in the Trustees who have hitherto executed the said Acts; and that, as to any Loss or Injury which the Creditors may fuftaiti by the improper and illegal Proceedings of the Trustees, under whole Sanction they have advanced their several Loans of Money, the Petitioners submit' it to the Consideration of the House, whether Kedrefe, in respect of such Loss or Injury, be not more property cognizable by the Courts in Westminster Hall than by the Legislature; and that the Imposition of an additional Toll upon the Public, and to be under the Confrool of the fa ne Trustees, is, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, under the Circumstances of tire present Application, a Matter highly deferring the Consideration of the Legislature: And therefore praying, ‘That they may be heard, by their Counfe!, before the Committee to whom the Bill stands committed; and that they may have such Rebel-in the Premifts as to the House shall seem meet.-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the -said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inftvuftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said. Petition.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of " Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service " of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight."

The House being informed that Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight."

THE Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of Five hundred thousand Fount's.

Exchequer, the John Hugh fan.

oth Day of March 1779.

Ordered,

Accounts;

Exchequer

Ditto,

ip Geo. III. 30°

0

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Brough Ordered, That General do make the Re-

Sonimoor horl l'rorn the Committee, to whom the Bill for con-4C ' tinuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Raid*. Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-Cxth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widen* ing the Roads from the East End of Stain-

moor, in the County of by the End of

Appleby Bridge, to Eamunt , in the said County,

was committed.

General Hunvwood accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee lyad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had deeded to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tab’e: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Tim.*, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hgufe Ordered, That the Bill, with, the Amendments, be ingrolh-d.

chffttr An ingrafted Bill for varying certain Provisions con-iofure. rained in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, lor dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of , in the County Palatine of Durham-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 8. To leave out " for the Sale there-

" of," and insert " and Sale " made" instead thereof.

P^ 12. 1. 14. To leave out " hereafter," and in-

fert " after the Execution of the " said General Award " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rej oived, Th\t the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for varying re tain Provisions contained in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham.

Ordered, That Sir ’Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

,"‘i' A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, *ure Common or Waste Grounds, within the Manor of South Anfton, in the County of York, was read a Second Time. Refohed, That the Bill be committed to Sir

Savi/lt, Mr Croftes, he.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

nfor A Bill for reducing into One Act of Parliament the "* several Laws now in Force, for repairing the Road leading from the Town or Village of to the

mod Northern Part of Talk on the Hi'!, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford;and for repairing the Road from Darlejione Bridge, over Heath, through the

Town or Village of Tittenfor aforesaid, was read a Second Time. r

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord frentham, Mr. Gilbert, he.: And they are to meet VOL. 37.

Martii. _ 29 £

ti. . afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, or Waste Ground, called Heath, in the Parish

of Stone, in the county of , Staffwas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Trent ham, Mr. Gilbert, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the further Relief of Protestant Djifenting Ministers and School-Mailers, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, lihsit the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejohed, That this Hous? will, upon the 20th

Day of April next, resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition or the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, of the University of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the same does not provide that such Ministers and School-Mailers shall make any Profession whatever of their Belief in the fundamental Doctrines of Christianity, or even the Authority of the Holy Scriptures, as containing a Revelation of the Will of God; and that, without iome such Provision, Distenting Ministers, and School-Masters, of all Denominations, will be at Liberty toprea.h any Doctrines, and instil into young Minds any Principles, how repugnant loever to the Christian Faith: The Petitioners, therefore, entrusted, by the very Nature of their Institutbn, with the Education of Youth in the Principles of True Religion, Friends at the same Time to Toleration, so far as the same may be confident with the Interests of Christianity, and the Security of our happy Establishment in Church and State, pray, that fuc;: Bill, which they cannot but regard as injurious and dangerous to both, may not be permitted to pals into a Law, under the unlimited Form in which it is now proposed.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thi Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Soake of Horncaft/;, and Wapentakes of Wraggoe, Gartree, Louth Ejke, Ludburongh, and Calceworth, and Parishes of Wrangle, Leak,

Benington, Butterwick, Freifton, and in the Hundred of Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Servile, Mr. Byitg, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, within the Tithing of Elcot, in the Parish of Kiutbury, in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winch-combe Hartley, Mr . Elwes,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable l.arfds, within the Pari ill or Liberties of Buckneil, in the County of Oxford,

was

Oulton

Incioiurt*.

DiflVnting Mm.lkrs and Schoolmaftci s.

Ditto.

Homcaftlr, &c. Small Dcl-ts.

Elco*

Iudolurc.

Bur knell Inclclure.

Cranage

Indoiuit.

Bedford

Level

Drainage.

300 30 Martii. . 77$*

was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the ajth of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Cranage, in the County Palatine of was committed;

Thai the Committee hid examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of an Estate which is atrdTed to the Land Tax at £. 9. is. per Annum, who refused to ttgn the Bill, as being only Tenant for Life; and tlut the Whole of the Property interested in the Inclosure is afiefled at £. 70. is. 6d.-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroli'cd.

An ingrafted Bill to explain, amend, and render more eff-ctual, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " An ACI " for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands " and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part " of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called " Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the iliver Cam, otherwise Grant, Welt, and " the Hardlands of Botlifham, , and

" S waff ham Prior, East; and for impowering the

" Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the1 Company of Conservators of the . Great Level of the " Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, " commonly called Itrcejled Lands," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for drainin5 and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low " Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the " Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford " Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the " River Cam, otherwise Grant, West, and the Hard-‘‘ lands of Botlisham, Swaffham Bulbeck, and Swaff-

" ham Prior, East; and for impowering the Gover-

" nor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of " Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to loll certain Fen Lands " lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly calied " invested Lands."

Ordered, That Mr. Gould do tarty the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal lb much of several Acts of Parliament, which prohibit the Growth and Produce Of Tobacco in Ireland, and to permit the Importation of Tobacco^ of the Growth and Produce of that Kingdom,'into Great Britain, under the like Duties and Regulations Tobacco of the Growth of the British Colonies in America: And the same was received; and read the Kir ft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1

A Bill to enable the Trustees for putting iri Execution an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge at Worcester, over tht River Severn, and for open ng convenient Avenues to the said Bridge, to finish and complete the said Bridge; and to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. tVa/jli, Mr. Rons, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham* ber.

The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon the Twenty-second Day of February lull, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reigrt of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Road, leading from the Market 'House and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, was referred,

might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amend’ng, widening, and keeping in Reuair, several Roads leading from the Ma ker House and elsewhere, in the Town of Luuloiv, in the County of Salop, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, lor amending the Roads leading from the Turnpike Gate erected in the Road from Lud.'ozvto Little Hereford Bridge, in the Parish of Ashford Botod'er, to the River Team-, and from thence, through the* Pan flies of bone, ll, and Cainhamto the New Bridge over Ledwich,

in the Parish of Cainham; and from thence to the Turnpike lload on the Clee leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer; and from the said Turnpike Road, through Bitterley, and by Bit ter ley to a Gate on the Clee Hill, called Bedlam Gate; and from the said Turnpike Road, leading from Ludlow to Mutfinv, through Stanton Lacy, to Lower Hayton, Great Sutton, Peelon, and Bozvden, in the Par.fhes of Stanton Lacy, Diddlebury, and Holdgate;

The House was moved. That the Standing Order of the House, of the 23th Day of 1774, " That " after this Session of Parliament, before anj Petition " is presented to this House, for making a Turnpike " Road, or for the Renewal or Alteration of any " Act of Parliament patted for that Purpose, Notice of such intended Application to Parliament be given " at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which " shall be held for every and each County or-Dif-

" friel

Tobacco grown in Ireland.

Worcrflef

Bridge.

Ludlow

Roucfe.

Wrtxhnm

to

Pentre

Ro*J.

Framework

Knitters’

Wages.

ip Geo. III. 30° —

" frifV through which such Road passes, or is intended to pass, at the M immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be presented," might be read.

Anil the same was read accordingly;

The House was also moved, That the Standing

Order of the House, of the said 25th Day of

" That this Notice be given by affixing to the Door " of the Sessions House, where such General Quarter " Sessions are held, a printed or written Paper, dellribing the Parishes through which the said Road *' palVes, or is intended to pals; and that such Notice be also printed in some One Newspaper of " the County, or, if there is no such Paper printed " for that County, then in the Newspaper of some

" near or adjoining County, Three Times, at lead,

" in the Months of August, and September, or either " of them, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be presented," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Sir Watkin Williams Wynn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening,

" and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town " of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentrt

" Bridge, in the County of Flint, and from the Town of Mold to Northop, Holywell, and in the same County, and from thence to the Ferry House,

" opposite to the Town of Conway, in the County of " Carnarvon, and from Ruthin to the said Town of " Mold," as relates to the District of Road from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to tre Bridge, in the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question l’cvcraliy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Frame-work Knitters, residing in the County of Northampton, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is makir.g, from the Frame-work Knitters of Nottingham, for a Regulation in that Business; and representing to the House, that, notwithstanding their utmost Diligence, they are not able to maintain themselves and Families, owing to the reduced Prices paid them for their Labour, and the great Advance in the Price of Provisions; and that the Petitioners apprehend, there are great Frauds and Abuses committed in the Trade, to the great Discredit of the Manufactory (in which there are Twenty Thousand Persons employed in the Kingdom) and Damage to the Public: And therefore praying. That they may have the same Relief granted them as is prayed for by the above-mentioned Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Framework Knitters, residing in the Town and County of the

Vol. 37.

310 Martii 3

Town of Nottingham, and Places adjacent, is referred:

And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it Shall appear to them, to the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the allowing a Bounty on the Importation of Hemp into Great Britain from Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Midleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Midleton reported from the Committee.

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read $

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, the 2 ill Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in being relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom.

Lord John Cavendish reported. That he had, accord- Vntw tT> ing to Order, been at the Lords, to desire that their th- eof Lordships will give Leave to Earl Cornwallis to come the to a Committee of this House on Thursday the 2 2d auend tneor; Day of April next, which are appointed to take into Consideration several Papers presented to this House, containing the Correspondence between His Majesty’s Ministers and Sir William Howe, to be examined relative to the Subject Matter of the said Papers; and that their Lordships gave for Answer, that they would lend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Hemp, imported from Ireland.

Militia

Lawi.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 31* Martii;

Anno 19* Georgii IIP’* Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

S^RD ERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Berwick rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Berwick, in the room of James Pringle, Esquire, who, ft nee his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chikern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do give Leave to the Earl Corn- The Lords’ wallis to attend a Committee of this House on Ihurf- give Leave day the 22d Day of April next, who are appointed to <ora Lotd take into Consideration several Papers presented to this oLVommoai. House, containing the Correip mbence between His Majesty’s Ministers and Sir William Howe, in order to his Lordship’s being examined relative to the Subject Matter of the said Papers, if his Lordship thinks fit; And also,

4H The

302 3 i° MartiiA. 1779.

Ludlowfach* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Lud, in the County of marthen, to the Town of and from thence

through the Town of to the River Amman,

and teveral other Roads in the said County communicating the rewith; without any Amendment: And all'o,

Woodend The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inilofurt. for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of ', in

the Parish of Blakefley, in the County of Northampton; \vitliout any Amendment: And also,

Stanton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^ladoture°n ^,r dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ojren Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common or Waile Grounds, within the Township of Stanton under Bar-don in the Parish of Thornton, in the County of j

without any Amendment: And also,

Kidwelly, Tae Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act vC'2t k)r continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of

0 s' an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Ma-jeMy, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from in the County of

Carmarthen; and also several Roads leading from Llan Silo, in the said County, so far as relates to the Roads included in the Kidwelly District; and also for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County: without any Amendment: And also,

HutKfi The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Iuclolure. f0T dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain Open Fields, Ings, Meadows, and Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Hut, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Account!; The House being informed that Mr. from

ra"nac s the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he Linens and was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Callicoe*. pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Totals of Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs and Excise, for the last Fourteen Years, upon printed Linens and Callicoes; distinguishing each, and each Year (so much as relates to Excise).

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read-

Ordered, That 1 he laid Account do lie upon the Table, robe perused by the Members of the House.

T1 ie laid Account is preservd air.ongst the other 1 Papers of this Session.

Dine. Ti e House being informed that Mr. Milford, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Totals of Drawbacks of the Duties of Excise, for the last Fourteen Years; to 5th July 1778, upon printed Linens and Callicoes; distinguishitig each, and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

(Jidered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this SdTion.

Kuctuien An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish or Liberties of in the County of

Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Refched, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the 16

Parish or Liberties of BuchiAl, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Page do carry the Bill to the Lo:ds, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to repeal so much of several Acts of Parliament, which prohibit the Growth and Produce of Tobacco in Ireland, and to permit the Importation of Tobacco, of the Growth and Produce of that Kingdom, into Great Britain, under the like Duties and Regulations as Tobacco of the Growth of the Colonies

in America, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint George B/vemjbu in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was prelcnrcd to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented from the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Builders and Occupiers of Houses, in,

Action Street, and ether Streets and Places, between the End of Gray's Inn Lane and the New Road that leads from IJliugtonto Paddington. as also of the several Inhabitants in the Streets, Squares, and Places, near to Gray's Inn Lane; and also Petitions from the Treasurers. Governors, and Trustees, of the Welsh Charity School, near to the End of Gray's Inn , and of the Noblemen and Gentlemen Governors and Guardians of the Foundling Hospital, and of the Upper, Lower, and City Divisions, of the Parish of Andreev horn, in Public Vestry assembled, for Leave to bring in a Bill to explain and amend that Clause in the Act of Parliament, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and " render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for " repairing the Highways leading to Gate

" House, and Hamp/lead, and other Roads in the said " Act mentioned, in the County of which

gives Power to the said Trustees to crest Toll Gates, so far as it relates to the erecting any Gate between the End of Gray's Inn Lane and the said New Road; and alleging, that the Burial Ground belonging to the said Panfli of Saint George, Blolies a very few Yards beyond the newiy-erected Turnpike Gate near the End of Gray's Inn Lane, and, since the said Gate has been erected, the Inhabitants of the said Paiifli have been obliged to pay very heavy Toils for their Hearses and Mourning Coaches passing through the said Gate to the said Burying Ground, which Part of the said Road is only the Length of the East Wall of the Ground belonging to the Foundling Hospital beyond the said Turnpike Gate, and no Toll was ever paid by the Petitioners or any other Persons passing to the said Burying Ground, until the Erection of the said Gate: And therefore praying, That, in case the said Bill should pals into a Law, an Exemption from the said Tolls may be inserted therein, as to the several Horles, Carriages, and other Things passing through the said Toll Gate to the said Burying Ground, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall lecni tri£er.

A Petition of the Rector Churchwardens, and other Officers, of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, on Behalf of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented from the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Builders, and Occupiers of Houses, in Swinton Street, Acton Street, and other Streets and Places be-

t ween

T obaceo

Grown ia Inland.

Gr*y’, faa

Lane T arnpike.

Ditto-

Gravvi Irft Lane Turnpike.

19 Geo. III. 31° Mar Hi, 303

tween the End of Gray's bin Lane and the New Road that lead? from Ifi nylon to as also of the several Inhabitants in the Streets, Squares, and Places, near to Gray's Inn Lane, for Leave to bring in a Bill to explain and amend that Clause in the Act of Parliament, made in the Sixteenth Jftar of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and render " more effectual several Atfts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Gale House

" and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Act

" mentioned, in the County of which

gives Power to the said Trustees to erect Toll Gates, so far as it relates to the erecting any Gate between the End of Gray's Inn Lane, and the said New Road j and alleging, that the Burial Ground of the Petitioners Parish lies beyond the newly-erected Turnpike Gate near to the End of Gray's Inn , to which they had heretofore tree Accel's, but, (ince the said Gate has been let up, they arc obliged to pay very heavy Tolls for their Heancs and Mourning Coaches travelling on the said High gate and llampfead Road* between Two and Three hundred Yards: NAnd therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in the said Bill, and that it may pals into a Law.

A Petition of Cults Bart, D oft or of Divinity, Dean of Bristol, and Rector of Saint Andrew's Hob born, the Churchwardens and other Officers of the Upper, Lower, and City Divisions of the said Parish, for and on the Behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the said Divisions, was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the lad proceeding Petition, and Setting forth. That the Petitioners did, many Years ago, purchase a Piece of Ground near to the North End of Gray's Inn Lane, on the North Side of the Turnpike Road leading from thence to the said New Road, which was converted into a Burial Ground, and their Hearses and Coaches had uninterrupted Accel's thereto; and that the said Toll Gate is placed dole to the Wall of, and but Twenty-three Yards from the Entrance into, their laid Burial Ground, on the London Side thereof, and is a great Grievance to the Petitioners, as they pay there very heavy Tolls for Hearses and Mourning Coaches travelling about Two hundred Yards on the said Road; and that, at the Time ol their so purchasing the said Ground, they never conceived that any loll Gate would be placed on that Road; they therefore received the greatest Pleasure when the Sheriff of removed the said Gate, by Order of the Justices at the lad

mas Quarter Session, who, as the Petitioners are informed, declared and adjudged, that the Trustees of the Highgale and lianipfttai Roads had exceeded and

abused their Power by crofting and giving Possession of the said Gate to John Evans, to whom they had Three Months before executed a Lease of their other Toll Gates for a Term of Years, at an Annual Rent, giving thereby to the said Evans a large Sum of Money that is collected at the said newiy-crested Gate, to which he is rot entitled by the said Lease, without the said Trustees reserving to themselves any Part thereof for the PurjK>fe of keeping the said Roads in Repair; and thru the Petitioners are under the deepest Concern, to find that the Order of the said Justices has been quashed in the Court of King’s Bench, and the said Toll Gate let up again, it appearing that, until the said Clause in the Act is amended, the said Trustees have a Power to put a Gate there, be the same ever lb oppreffive to the Petitioners, and the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in the said Bill, and that the same may pals into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, on Be-VoL, 37.

half of themselves, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Builders, and Occupiers of Houses, in Siuinlon Street, ARon Street,

Jlilution Row, and several other Streets and Places, situated on the Side of, or near to, the Turnpike Road leading from the North End Of Gray's Inn Lane, to the New R' ad near Battle Bridge, in the Parish ol Pancras, in

the County of Middlesex; as also of the several Inhabitants in Gray's Lane, Lamb's Conduit Street, Red Lion Street, Red Lion Square, Queen's Square, Ormond Street, Mailman , James Street, Bedford Row, King's Road, John , Hatton G.uden, Gray's Inn, and other Streets, Squares, and Places, thereabouts, who have Occasion to travel or pals by Way of Gray’s Inn Lane Raid, and the New Road, to the Raft End of the City of London, and to the Great Effix Road, as also to the Road near

Paddington, and to the Great Westein Road, is referred: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

Sir George Savilepresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill lor dividing and iflclosing the several Open Commons, Moots, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of in the Parish of

Sheffield, in the West Riding of the Counry of: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refotved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of , in

the County of Northampton:And the same was re-

ceived; and read the First Time.

ReJUvtd, That the Bill be read a Secpnd Time.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled,

" An Act for settling and establishing a Court of Exchequer in the North Part of Great Britain called " Scotland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to auend the said Act, by altering the Martinmas and Candlemas Terms in the said Court: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Lord Frederick Campbell do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Abuks in the Payment of Wages to Person? employed in the Bone and Thread Lace Manufactory: And that Mr. Grenville, Mr. Powys, and Mr. Aubrey^ do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Manufacturers of Thread and Silk Lace (commonly called Bone Lace J in the Counties of Buckingham, Bedford, Northampton, and other Parts of this Kingdom* which was presented to the House upon the c6th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Grenville, Mr. Aubrey, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Paper’s, and Records.

A Petition

Eccie(h?ll

Inclosurt.

Klflinsbuqf

inclosure;

Scotch Court of Exchequer:

Bone tare Ma.iutattory.

Foreign Bone La.er

r

Tower Hamlets Small Debt*

Hemp

Imported

from

Ireland.

310 Mar tit.

A. 1779-

A Petition of John SilveJIer, Esquire, Barrister at Law, Steward, and John Mors , Esquire, Barrister at Law, Deputy Steward, of the King’s Court of Record, within the Manors of Stepney and , in

the County of Middlesex, and of the Liberties of the fame, on Behalf of themselves, and others interested in the said Court, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth; That, in the Nineteenth Year of King Charles the Second, Letters Patent were granted for establishing a Court of Record within the said Manors of Stepney and Hackney, for the Determination of all Personal Actions under Five Pounds, the foie and exclusive Right to which Patent is now veiled in Ann King, Widow of John , Esquire, deceased; and that the Petitioners have perused a Bill, depending in the House, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower , wherein there

are certain Clauses, which, if palfed into a Law, will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners Interest, which is Freehold, and highly rated to the Land Tax, and of-preffive on the Inhabitants within the said Liberties, particularly those Clauses which are meant to give the Commifllioners under the said Act Power to take Cognizance of Debt for Rent under Forty Shillings, due from Persons residing within the Jurisdiction of the Court established by the said Act, which Jurisdiction is precileiy of the same Extent as that included in the above-mentioned Patent; and that the Petitioners conceive no Benefit could accrue to the Public by extending the Powers of the said Act to Debts for Rent, in settling which Questions, great Intricacy and Nicety in Law frequently arile, on which the Commissioners, by whom they must be tried, would probably be wholly incapable to determine: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass as it now stands

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The Lord Midltlon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the allowing a Bounty on the Importation of Hemp into Great Britain from Ireland, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where (he same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty be granted upon the Importation into Great Britain of Hemp of the Growth of the Kingdom of Ireland, for the Term of Twenty-one Years; namely, of Eight Pounds per Ton for the First Seven Years, of Six Pounds per Ton for the next Seven Years, and of Four Pounds per Ton for the last Seven Years.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that the Lord Mr. Minchin,

Sir George Tonge, the Lord Beauchamp, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the lame

16

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hel/crd and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common or Piece of Waste Ground, within the Township of Fenwick, in the Parish of Camffall, in the West Riding of the County of York', without any Amendment: And a! so.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Buckland, in the county of ; with-

out any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Common Arable Field, and also certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Knighton, in the County of Dorset; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lsatherhtad, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging &c.

the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year Roid'

of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn, at Leatberhead, to the Maypole, at the Upper End of Spital or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoke, near the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supoly Bill; for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon the Ua0‘ni' Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain; without any Amendment: and also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, Intituled, An Act Goods to permit, during the present Hostilities with France, imported in certain Goods, enumerated in th e Act of Navigation, to be imported in British-built Ships sold to Foreigners, P

and for releasing Ships and Goods which have beea seized in pursuance of the said Act; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Herring to continue and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh Filbery. Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herring " Fisherywithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act: Bounty

for further continuing and extending the Provisions of on Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Linens. Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking oft* the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British Chequed and Striped Linens, and upon British and Irish Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen, of above a certain Breadth; without any Amendment i And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cainhtm for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Commons Inclosure-or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cain, ham, in the County of Salop; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sellout naturalizing John Sellon; to which the Lords desire the Nat. Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of several Gentlemen redding, or having r.u.llnw Estates, within the Counties of Sa or Roads. nor, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is ordered to be brought into the House, for reviving

Fenwick

Iiidolure.

Buckland I iido foe.

West

Knighton

Inclosure.

Spcca

Jnciofure.

Bill for preventing Smuggling.

Private

Diliiliers,

19 Geo. III. 31 0 Marti^05;

viving and continuing an A&, made In the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of lus late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from ihe Market House, anti elsewhere, in the Town otLudlow, in the C> unty of; auJ alleging, that the Roads f acting from the Turnpike G re erected in the Road from Ludon. to Utt/e Here-fe d Bridge, in t!ie Parish of BozuJLr, :o the

R ,r Team; and from th<;ice through the Parishes of

St: !J r 1 l a"bonetl and Cainham, to the neW Budge over LeJjuidi, in the Parish of Ca; and from thence to the 1 urnpikv K<ud on the Hitt, leading from Lud-/</.<to CleoouryMother; and from the said Turnpike

Toad, through Litter ley, and by Cowl, to a

Gale on the Glee Hill, called Bedlam Cate’, and from the said Turnpike Road leading from to

Jlow, through Stanton Lacy, Great

intten, Pee ten, and Be icd.n. in the Parillies of

Lacy, Distillebury, and Htriga adj. in to, and communicate with, the Roads described in the sauf Act, are in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of I aw; and the Petitioners beg Leave to acquaint the House, that Notice of the intended Application to Parliament, for Power to RepaT the said new Roads, was affixed on the Doors of the several Session Houses for the Counties of Salop, Hereford, and Radnor, at the lait Quarter Sessions

of the Peace; and the like Notice was also given Three several Times in the Months of December and January last, in the Newspapers published within the said Counties, but that no Estimate had yet b.-en made of the Expence of repairing the said Roans, or any Money subscribed for that Purpose; and that the amending, widening, and repaiiing, the said Roads, will be a great Convenience to all Persons having Occasion to make use of the fame, and of great Benefit to the Country in general: And therefore piaving. That Provision may be made in the said Bol for amt tiding, widening, and keeping the said Roads in Repair, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Johnes, &c.: And they are, to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. WinchcombeHartley, presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paffures, Commons, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Speen, in the County of Berks And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a B 1! for the more effectually preventing the pernicious Practices of Smuggling in this Kingdom^ and for indem-i nifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws of the Cultoiiis and F.xcise, upon the Terms therein mentioned: And that Sir Grey the Lord West cote, Mr, Bacon, Mr. Mr.

Townshend, Sir George Savile, Sir Charles S r.

Harbord Harbor d, Mr. -PlainerMr. Pent on, Mr.

Grey, Mr. Grenville, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bid for more effectually, preventing Frauds by private. Dii-tillers, and for the better* fi t wring the Duties on Low \V ines and Spirits: And that Sir Grey Cooler, Mr. Ord,

Vol. 37.

Mr. Aitorney General, Mr. Solicitor G r.erhl, -and Mr.

Robin Joe, do prepare, and bring in, me tame.-

A Bid for dividing, allot 1 log, and inclosing’, the fc-vcral Orer- and Common Fields, M.-.rs, Commons, and W.ifie Ground', in the Parish of Ft hi in the C n iiiv of Cant>e>land, was rcau a Second Tune.

Ref died, Tc-.t t lie Bni be committed to iVL ltnrcr,

Mr. hue. &c.: And they are to ineei this Afternoon,

at Five of die Clock, in tnc Speaker’s Clumber.

An ingrolTcd Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Wrexham of lo much of an Act made in rite Thirtieth Year of „ the Reign of his M..|efty King George the Second, in- *

tituled, " An A-if for amending, wid. ning, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of- Wrex " ham, in the County of Denbigh, to . linage,

" in the County of Flint, and from the Town of " to Northop. Holy-cell, and Rhuddlan, in the same " County, a.id from thence to the Feny upolite the Town of Conway, in the County " nan on, and from Ruthin to the said Town of Mould, as relates to the Ditlrift of Roid from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Peutre Bridge, in the County of Flint, was read t lie 1 hird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Turtle be. An Act for enlarging the Term and P wers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Voir of the Reign - of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keep*

" ing in Repair, the Roads from the Town of

"in the County of Denbigh, to P Bridge, ir. the County of Flint, and from ihe 1 own of to

" Northcp, Hoh well, and Rhuddlan ,in the same Coun-

" fy, and from hence to the Fen House optvfile the

" the T<iwn ot C rtway, in the Coumy of Carnarvon, and

" from Ruthin to the said Town of as telates

to the D flnft of Road horn the Town of Wrexham,

in the County of Denbigh, to Peutre Budge, in the County of

Ordered, That Sir Wat kin Williams Wynn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account; Account of the Net Produce anting from the Sale of Goods smuggled into Great Britain, from the 51!) Day ot January 1760 to the 3ill Day of January 1779; difiiiiguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Bill to remove certain Difficulties, \;o^n*y relative to Voters at County Elections, be read a Se- Eietf-.otw. cond Time upon Monday Fortnight, ihe 19th D.y of April next.

The Order of the Day being rer.d, for the House Supply, toreloive itself into a Committee of rue whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That Surplusses, Rated the 5th Day of April 1778, be referred to the said Committee. '

Ordered, That Surplufl’es state-d the loth Day of Oclebsr 177 be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Net Produce at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, of the several Sramp Duties, granted by the Acts the Thirty-lec- nd Year of King George the Second, and of the Second and Fifth Years of His present MajelH, lor augmenting the Salaries of the Judges of and

Wales, for Seven Years, ending the 5th Day ot il‘.ary 177Q, distinguidiing each Year; and also, an Account of the Total Amount of the Surplusses of thrue Duffs remaining in the Exchequer on the «;rh Day of January 1770. after Payment of the several Allowa: ces then due ami payai le c.-ui of the aine, by the Acts of the 1 hirtyteconi; Year cl King George the

4 I SecOi.d,

Account; Judges Salaries.

306

31° Martii. — x° Jprilis.

A. 1779.

Second, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by Virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Estabhlhment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Sco, for the Year 1779, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment ot His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 44th of June 1)78 to the 44th of June 1779, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1778 to the 24th of June 1779, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establidime nt of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 44th of June 1778 to the 44th of June 1779, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s island of St. John in America and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the tft of January 1779 to the ift of January 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1779, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Ytar 1779, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Surplus that remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1778, of the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Penftons, Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after Satisfying all Annuities and other Charges then due and payable out of the same (which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of April in the iaft Session of Parliament) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That lie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Fortnight, the 16th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Salaries of tie Puisne Judges of England.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account-Account of the Grois and Net Produce of the Salaries Ilf*" of the Chief Justice, and Second Justice, of 40

and the Six Justices of Wales.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Salaries of the Judges of the Court of Session and Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Salary of the Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer.

The other Order of the Day being read j .'Resolved , That this House will, Upon Friday Fortnight, the 16th Day of Apr next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

jfovis, i° die Apr His;

Anno 19* Georgii IIIm Regis, 1779,

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ways and Meant.

Praters.

f\RD ERE D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Earle,

in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right honourable Richard Lord Milford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, DeJbo~ rough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. Phelips prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, or Tract of Commonable Land, called or known by the Name of Stone Allerton Moor, in the Hamlet or Vill of Slone Allerton, in the County of And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Se/lon, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider the several Returns which have been made to the Order of this House, of the 16 th Day of December last, " That there be laid " before this House, an Account of Persons convicted " of Felonies or Misdemeanors, and now under Sentence of imprisonment in the Gaols and Houses of " Correction in the City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, Herts, Surrey, and Suffix " specifying their respective Crimes, the Time when* " the T erm for which, and by what Court, each Person has been imprisoned; together with an Account. " of the Allowance made for the Maintenance of such " Persons, and in what Manner they are employed ," and to report their Opinion thereupon to the Floufe-; That the Committee had comidered the same accordingly i and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read

the

Plyropton Earle Writ.

Stone

Allerton

ladoiure.

Sellon's

Nat.

Committee

on

Returns of

Felons.

ip Geo. III. i° Jprili307

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

In order to bring the Subject into Tome Method, your Committee will give,

First, An abridged State of such Evidence as they have received, respecting the Maintenance and Employment of Criminals under Sentence in various Prisons, within the City of London, and in the Counties within the Home Circuit, viz. MEJfex Kent, Herts, Surrey, Sussex, and some other Parts of England.

In the Second Place, Such Information as they have been able to collect, relative to the Execution and Efte&s of the Act of Parliament, which authorizes the Confinement and Hard Labour of Transportable Of- fenders aboard Vessels in the River Thames', and such Plans for the good Conduct and Management of Convids, who may be sentenced to Hard Labour, as have been suggested by several Persons, whom your Committee have examined.

Thirdly, A short Account of the Acts relating to Transportation, and of the Proposals which have been dated to your Committee, for recurring in some Degree to that Mode of Punishment.

And, Lastly, The Observations of your Committee, on these several Materials, and the Resolutions which they have formed thereon.

It appeared by the Returns referred to the Consideration of your Committee, as follows:

The City of London.

In the Gaol of Newgate there were 84 convicted Prisoners, 15 of whom were under imprisonment for Three Years, 4 for Five Years, and for Seven Years, besides several who were sentenced to work on the River Thames i that there was no Employment for them; and the Allowance for each Prisoner was One Penny Loaf per Day, and Once a Week, Four Stone of Beef was sent by the Sheriffs, which was distributed amongst those who were committed by Sentence of Fine and imprisonment.

Middlesex.

In Clerkenwell Bridewell there were 114 Convids, 70

of whom were Females, and 42 of them imprisoned for Three Years; that they were employed in beating Hemp, and picking of Oakum, and were allowed Three Pence per Day in Provisions.

In New Ptifon, Clerkenvjell, there were 10 Convids,

One of whom was imprisoned for Five Years, and had no Employment; and were allowed Two Pence per Day.

In Tothill Fields Bridewell there were 2 G»nvids; who had no Employment, and were allowed One Penny per Day in Bread.

In Wood Street Compter there were 3 Prisoners; who had no Employment, and were allowed One Penny per Day in Bread.

Essex.

In Halflead House of Correction there were 6 Convids; who were employed in spinning of Wool, and were allowed Three Pence per Day.

In Chelmsford House of Correction there were 6 Convids, One of whom was imprisoned for Six Years, and another for Three Years; who were employed in carding and spinning, and were allowed One Pound and an Half of Bread, and One Quart of Small Beer, per Day.

Kent.

In Maidstone House of Correction there were 9 Convids, 2 of whom were imprisoned for Three Years; the Men were employed in beating and sorting of Hemp, and the Women in spinning, and were allowed is. 6 d.per Week each for their Maintenance.

Herts.

In Hertford County Gaol there were 8 Convids, 6 of whom were sentenced to work on the River,

4 for Three Years, 1 for Four Years, and 1 fer Five Years; who were allowed 2*. 6 per Week; the other

Vol. 37.

2 had been committed under Sentence of Fine and Committee Imprisonnrnt, and had no Employment or Allowance. 0,1

In Hertford House of Correction there were 3 Con- Felon*, vids, Two of whom were imprisoned lor Three Years, and were employed in Tile-making, and were allowed is. id per Week.

In Saint Albans Gaol there was only One Convict, who was sentenced to work on the River for

Three Years, whose Allowance was is. 6d. per Week; no Employment in the Gaol.

In Buntingford House of Correction there was only One Convict, who was employed in spinning; noAl-. lowance to Prisoners in this Gaol except what may arise from their Labour.

At Berkhampfleai there Was only One Convict; who had no Employment, and was allowed One Pound of Bread per Day.

In Saint Albans House of Correction there were 8 Convids; who were employed in spinning and carding; and were allowed only what they earned, which was from Two Pence to Three Pence per Day.

Surrey.

In Southwark New Gaol there Were 2 Convids; One of whom was imprisoned for Three Years, and was employed in cleaning the Gaol, who was allowed a Three Half-penny Loaf per Day; and the other was imprisoned till he paid a Fine of £. 5, who had the same Allowance, and worked at his Trade as a Taylor.

In Southwark House of Correction there were 14 Convids; who were employed in beating of Hemp, and were allowed Three Half-penny worth of Bread per Day.

In Kimfton upon Thames House of Correction there were 3 Convids; Two of whom were employed in sewing of Sacks, and were allowed Three Halfpennyworth of B.ead per Day.

In the New Bridewell, Saint George's Fields, there were 14 Convids, amongst whom were 3 Women, sentenced to Ten Years Imprisonment; who were employed in beating of Hemp, and had an Allowance of Three Halfpenny-worth of Bread per Day.

In the County of Sussex.

There was no convicted Prisoner in any Gaol or House of Correction.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine Mr.

Richard Akerman, Keeper of Newgate; who being asked.

How the convicted Prisoners, mentioned in the Return, could fubfilt upon a Penny a Day each ? he answered.

That they did not; most of them being supplied with Money and Provisions brought by their Friends; and that for those who were poor and friendless, he provided, at his own Expence, coarse Pieces of Meat, and made Broth; that in the Old Gaol of Newgate they used to be very sickly, but in the New one, which was far more commodious and airy, there were very few now unhealthy: that he had often observed a Dejedion of Spirits among the Prisoners in Newgate, which had the Effect of Disease, and many had died broken-hearted, and these were usually Felons better behaved and less abandoned than the others; that the Prisoners were obliged to wash themselves, but it was very difficult to compel some df them; that all the Male Prisoners, accused of Felonies or Misdemeanors, associated together in the Day Time; the Debtors were separated from the Felons Night and Day; and the Males from the Females; ttie Convids had no Employment, there being no Place for them to work in, but he fancied it was meant to build one; the Gaol was not yet finishetl; that he permitted some to work at their Trades, upon their own Request; that the Number of the Convids were very inconvenient, and if the young and robust had not been removed to the Hulks, it would have been impossible to have kept them in Order; as it was, they frequently dole from ft rangers who came to fee them, and robbed one another; when they were unruly, lie locked them up,

and

on retuma

ot

Felons.

308 i° April. 1779.

and put Irons on their Legs; they seemed to dread solitary Confinement; that he had no Authority to whip any, except those who were sentenced to that Puni fitment. Being asked, How it came to pass that many who were sentenced to the Hulks remained in gate ? he replied, That there was not Room on board the Vessels to receive them.

Mr. Edward Hall, , Keeper of Bridewell, being asked, Whether the Bridewell was spacious enough to contain the great Number of Convicts mentioned in his Return, amounting to 114 ? he replied. That they were rather crowded; that they had Twelve separate Wards, and a Gallery for the Females; that they had Plenty of Air and Water, and very few were fn k; that feme had Provisions and Money from their Friends, hut even those that were friendless appeared in good Health, upon the Subsistence of Three-pence per Day, which was ordered them by the Justices; that the Prisoners I'ubmitted chearfully to their Work, which was picking of Oakum, a Work he deemed properer, and more conducive to Health, than beating of Hemp, of which it was difficult to procure a suffi.ient (Quantity, and of which the Smell was very offensive; that it required great Strength to open the large Ropes, and that it was necessary fometitnes to use Axes, but they never were allowed to be used but in pretence of the Keeper; that an Industrious Man could pick Five Pound of Oakum in a Day; the Profits of last Year amounted to" 8 or £. to, which was laid out in Shoes and Stockings for the Convicts; that the 114 Convicts worked in Two Rooms, and that he had a Keeper in each Room to superintend them; that the Males were separated from the Females Day and Night, and had each a Court Yard to walk in; upon their Arrival they were frequently unruly, but grew more tractable afterwards; those who refused to tubmit to the Rules and Orders were (hut up, and confined to Bread and Water; that fume were ordered to be whipped by the Justices, but the Number of'Stripes vyas left to his Discretion, and that he usually gave from Ten to Twenty Ladies; that the disorderly Apprentices were kept separate from each other Day and Night; that there were Six Cells for that Purpose; that solitary Confinement seemed to be much dreaded by them, and to have a good Effect, as there were but few Instances of their being sent to him a Second Time.

Mr. "James E/lmore, Keeper of

well, informed your Committee, That the Convicts in that Prison had One Penry per Day each, allowed by the County of MiddteJ:\, for Bread; but they were chiefly supported by their Friends, and the charitable Donations of Neighbours; that they had no Employment, as they were not sentenced to Hard Labour;' that he sometimes allowed them to work at their Tracies; that the Male Prisoners were separated from the Females Night and Day.

; Mr. George Smith, Keeper of Tothill Fields, Bridewell, informed your Committee, That the Counry Allowance of Two PcnCc per Day was not sufficient for the Maintenance of the Convicts in that Gaol, but they were assisted by therr Friends; that they had no Employment, not being committed lo Hard Labour; that Prisoners guilty of Felonies and Mifdcmeunors, except Apprentices, who had a Place to themselves, were allowed to mix together in the Day; but he made a Dfltndlion between the Felons and others, with regard to their Chains; that he obliged them to wash thetn-selves every Day before Victuals; that the Wards were washed every Morning, and well aired; that he had frequently employed Prisoners in beating Hemp, from which Labour there arose baldly any Pre-fir.

John Howard, Esquire, informed your Committee,

That he had lately visited the different Prilcns in the West of England, and found the Convicts in general

with out any Employment, except at Witney, where

19

they worked at carding and spinning of Wool for Blankets; that they were Persons who had not been at all bred to the Trade, which was very ealily learned;-that he had attended to the picking of Oakum; at fierdam Thrcefcore People were employed in that Branch, and that he thought they could earn I or 3 d.per D »y.

Yoar Committee next thought proper to read the Report, which, upon the 15th D:-.y of in the

last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the Measures which had been adopted and pursued for carrying into execution an Act of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to authorize for a limited Time, the Punishment by Hard " Labour of OSVnders, who for certain Crimes arc or shall become liable to be transported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations/' and also into the Etfcdts produced by the said Act, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

To which Report your Committee beg Leave to refer; the following Informations on tills Subject being in great Measure a Continuation of that Enquiiy. And,

Duncan Campbell, Esquire, informed your Committee, That there had been several very great Improvements made in the Management of the Hulks fin e lift Year; that he was then obliged by his Contracts to furnish 240 Ton of Snipping to 130 Persons, and that now 15o Convicts were put in a Ship of 8co Tons, called 'The Center, which was a French Frigate of 36 Guns; that 260 were on board the other. The which was an old East Indiatran, a veiy roomy Vessel; that there was alto an advantageous Alteration in their

o

Barracks, their Beds being upon a much mo:-? uhy and roomy Plan; a Bed of Six Feet long and Fuof Feet wide was allowed to Two Perlens; but he thought if there was a greater Space between the Beds, it >vouid be (till more healthy to the Convicts; that there were Puri Holes open during the Night, to admit fre 111 Air. Being asked. Whether the Convicts did not make Complain: of their Want of Provisions ? he laid, He never heard that they did, except at the Time of the Iifunedion, since which he had enlarged their Allowance of Bread to Six Pounds a Man per Week; and that Half an Ox’s Head, which weighed, upon an Average, Five Pounds and an Half, was dillribured dady to a Mels of Six Men, and that they hacl Porridge for Bresfkfalt and Supper; the Bullocks Heads, when not fwcet, had been lent back to the Contractor; that Two Days in the Week were called Burgoe Days, on which Days each Mess was allowed Three Pmts of Oatmeal made into Porridge, besides their Bre.d, and Two Pounds of Cheese, and that they had fom-times Salt Provisions on a Sunday, which were given them as an Indulgence upon their good Behaviour; and those who worked on Shore were allowed by the Board of Ordnance a, Quart of Small Beer per Day, over and above their usual Allowance of Four Quarts per Week; thar, in his Opinion, the Provisions allowed to the Convicts were fully sufficient, and better than labouring Men usually had; that the common Allowance in Workhouses was 15 Ounces of Bread per Day to each Person, and in the H'ejl India Trading Ships, Five Pounds of Bkctik per Week to each Man, and One Pound arid an Half of Meat per Day; that he never heard of the Water being brackifli, till lately, nor d'd he think it so, having tailed it himself, and as the Navy filled there at Low Water for Sea Voyages; that he had about an Acre of Ground near the Hulks, which he thought, if enlarged, would be of great Service for providing Vegetables for the ConvidE; that they had Salt, but no Vinegar, at their Meals; that the Behaviour of the Convids had been much better, and they worked with more Good Will than last Year; that they did as much as Labourers employed upon the Highwajs in Statyte Work,

and

19 Geo. III. to Ap 309

and he thought they might be able to do more, if they were not chained.

It appeared by the Report of last Year, which has been before recited, that the Value of the Labour done by the Convids, from the 20th of January 1777 to March 1778, in Woolwich Warren, in making a Wharf, a Proof Butt, digging Ditches, and other useful Works, amounted to £.3,^50; and that the value of their Labour in raising Ballad was computed at £.2,703. 12 s.6d.

The Witness further informed your Committee, That there had died by Disease (chiefly putrid Fevers) since the 26th of March 1778, 132 Convids, 6 had died by Accident, and 29 had been discharged; he attributed this Mortality chiefly to the Infection brought from the different Goals; that since the Commencement of the Establishment, too Convids had been pardoned, out of which he had never heard but of 6 having been accused of fresh Crimes; that he had font Twelve on board his own Ships to Jamaica, who returned with the Chavader of having behaved very well during the whole Time of their Voyage; that about Three or Four Weeks ago, he had made Application to the Secretary of State for Thirty or Forty Convids, under the Age of E'ghteen, whom he deemed proper Objects of Pardon; that he thought a folirary Confinement might be of Use to reclaim refractory Convids; that he found it more difficult to oblige them to keep themselves clean than to make them work; that they were compelled to have a clean Shirt every Week; that Three Surgeons attended, who were paid by him; and that no Clergyman attended, but a Methodist Preacher came at Times; that there had been no Alteration in his Contract since last Year, when he was allowed at the Rate of £.26. 15*. tod per Man per Year. Then

Dodo Eekert, Esquire, a Surgeon of Artillery, informed your Committee, that he had attended the Convids on board the Hulks, and found that of the 132 who had died since the 26th of March 1778, about 90 died of the nervous putrid Fever, which he said was chiefly brought by persons who came on board the Hulks inteded from the different Gaols, but that it sometimes arose on board the Hulks; and he inflanced several Persons who came infected from the Gaols of Nottingham, , and

Newgate-, that he thought it would tend much more to the Health of the Convids if there was an Hospital Ship to receive the First Comers, who were dif-ealed; but thought a House on Shore would be still better; that the Disorder was more apt to be fatal to those who were lent from the Country, than to the Prisoners from London and flat he had

known Eight or Ten of the Convids die merely of Lowneis of Spirits, without any Fever, or other Disorder upon them; that there was much more Room, and the Hulks were more airy, than last Year, and that they were kept remarkably clean; that he had heard of a Report of the Oxcs Heads, which were distributed to the Convids, being kept too long, and {linking, but he believed it to be without Foundation; that there are now about Ten Convids ill of the putrid Fever on board each Ship; that if there were fewer Men on board the Hulks, they would be far more healthy; that when any One of the Convids died, the Coroner was lent for immediately to fit upon his Body, and he never heard of his waiting till several died, and fitting upon them ail together.

Your Committee next called Mr.

Captain of the Hulks; who confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Campbell, respecting the Improvements made, and further laid. That he had observed several of the Convids appear very much dejected, particularly so among ihe Country Felons; that in bad Weather the Convicts did not work, but he thought they might Vol. 37.

be employed in picking of Oakum; that they feenied discontented, but less To lately, and had behaved very well for some Time, which he attributed to an Expectation they had of some Alteration in their Punishment* in Consequence of the present Enquiry, as they said they had much rather be transported; that there is no Convenience on board the Hulks for separate Confinement; that he thought the Pardons granted to several had had a good Effect, by giving those who remained the Hope of a limiler Indulgence; that their Work was not hard to a Man used to Labour; that the new Comers behaved the worst, and those from the Country Gaols were apt to be more dispirited than the London Felons; that the Coronor always attended when any One Perlbrt died: that the Convids had religious Books given them, but no others, and they read after they were locked down at Night, being allowed Candles; that they had Vegetables in their Soup, but not with their Meat; that there were about 13 or 14 very little Boys, not fit to wheel a Barrow, several under the Age of 16; and many same and unfit for Labour.

It appeared by a Return of Convids how on Board the Hulks under the Age of iS, above Sixty, and of those disabled by Infirmities* which was ordered to be laid before ybur Committee, that there were,

Eight Boys under the Age of 15 Years;

Eight more under 16;

Eleven more undet x 7;

Twenty above 17, not exceeding 18 Years;

Two upwards of 60;

Thirty-one infirm and unfit for Hard Labour, One of whom has loft a Leg, and several arc deprived of the Use either of a Leg or Arm.

Your Committee then called Doctor William Smith; who informed them. That he had very lately visited the Hulks, without giving previous Notice, and found there had been many great Improvements since the first Institution; th3t the Bread and Meat were very good, and the Convids in general appeared healthy; that he thought the Fluxes, with which many were afflicted, were partly owing to the brackilh Water, which might be purified by Chalk or Lime; that they should be allowed more Vegetables, and only have the Oxes Heads Thrice a Week, and should be confined to Rice for Breakfast; the Air of the Hulks was not offienfive when he was there; that he thought the Jufitia was very well calculated, but the Censor much too small and overcrouded; that a small Quantity of Wine would have been a very proper Medicine for most of the Sick he saw on board; that he had visited many of the Gaols in London, but saw none so affected with that De-je-dion of Spirits as Three or Four were on board the Hulks; that the Ships were very cleanly, and he apprehended, with some Alterations in their Diet, and more Space allowed, they would be very healthy; that it would be proper to have the Hospital on Shore.

Sir Herbert Mackworth, a Member of the House, having personally visited the Hulks, informed your Committee, That he found all the Convids at Work (except a few Invalids).! very considerable Part of whom were employed in moving Soil in Carts and Wheel barrows to the Plat Work at the Warren, in order to raile it, that some were employed in raising the Bank of the River to make a Quay or Wharf, and others in the large Mound or Butt; that they had removed a Mud Bank, and made a very useful Wharf, and a Dock for Barges'to come in, and the River opposite was confulerably deepened, so as to permit large Ships to lie with Convenience, where they could not lie before; that upon the Whole he thought their Work of great Use to the Warren, and of real public Service; that upon going into the Hulks, he found their Beds as conveniently 4 K situated

Committee

on

Returns of

Felon*.

Committee

on

Returns of Felons.

310 i° rfprilis.A. 1779/

situated as Possible for Circulation of Air, and he was shewn some Brown Bread, which he thought very good for a poor Man to eat, and saw some coarse Meat; that at the upper End of the Hulk was the Hospital, which he thought very improper, as the Effluvia must issue from thence to those in the Ship, a Circumstance well worthy of Consideration; that he saw some same and decrepid People there, who in his Opinion were very improper Objects, and hurtful to the Establishment.

In pursuing this Enquiry, your Committee thought it their Duty to receive such Informations as they could obtain, respecting the Good Conduct and Employment of Convicts, who might be sentenced to Hard Labour, whether in Houses to be established for that Purpose on Shore, or the present Houses of Correction, or aboard Vessels in Navigable Rivers} and accordingly, John Howard, Esquire, informed your Committee, That at Baruth, in Franconia, the Men Convicts were employed in sawing and polishing of Marble; and he was told by the Governor it was a very profitable Employment. At Anfpach, he found the Conviefts worked at grinding of Glass for Spedtacles, an unhealthy Employment; and they were allowed a Sixth Part of their Labour. At Milan, there were between Two and Three hundred Male Convicts employed in manufacturing Cloth, who had small Chains on, and were so exceedingly well regulated, that he walked through their Apartments Two or Three different Days, and not One of them offered to leave their Work, or even to speak to him to ask Charity — That he was informed the Establishment was a very heavy Expence at first to Government, but that the Expence was continually decreasing. At Magdebourg, the Convicts were employed in the Re-

pairs of the Fortifications. At Leghorn, there were about 30 or 40 Convicts, who worked in the Lazeretto. — And the Witness further said, He was of Opinion that the Convicts in England might be profitably employed, in making coarse Canvas Bags, coarse Cloths for Soldiers, and Hop Bagging.

Mr. Benjamin Crook, who appeared to have made particular Enquiries on the Subject, recommended the making Cordage, as a very practicable and beneficial Species of Employment, for a considerable Number of Convicts. And he produced a Sketch of a Plan, to your Committee, recommending the making of Cordage, for the following Reasons:

That the Consumption of Cordage in the Royal Navy was so large, as to employ any Number of Convicts likely to be a Burthen to Government: Therefore,

No Expence or Loss could accrue, in procuring a Vent for the Commodity, when manufactured.

No private Individual would be injured, as Government manufactured their own Cordage in the Dock Yards.

The Mode of Work was such, that the Convicts might be easily and safely confined, and at the same Time would enjoy both Air and Exercise.

The greater Part was that Kind of manual Labour, which might be adapted to the different Degrees of Strength of Body and Constiturion of every Convict.

No mental Abilities, or any Kind of Education, were required.

The Commodity to be manufactured could not easily be wasted or spoiled by the Convicts.

No Tools or Implements, expensive or easily damaged, were required; nor any Tool or Implement employed, which could contribute to Escapes, or be dangerous.

No Evasion could be pleaded for Idleness or Neglect of Work, nor unnecessary Trouble given to Officers who were to oversee their Labour, or extraordinary Rigour requisite from them, as every Person could be regularly talked through the whole Process, and thereby

no Occasion could be given for Murmurs, as every one would know when his Labour was to cease.

As every Thing could be done by Task Work, little Rewards for Encouragement might be easily adapted so as to make Convicts go through their Labour chearfully.

One of the most hazardous Articles (viz. Hemp) would be removed thereby out of the Dock Yards.

It was suggested to your Committee, by the Chairman, Sir Charles Bunbury, who had conversed with Doctor Fothergill on this Subject, that the Convicts might be advantageously employed in (awing of Stone, in which Business about Three hundred Persons worked in London and the Environs, and earned from 7 to 30 Shillings per Man per Week — That no Appenticeship was necessary, as it might be learned in a Fortnight by a common Labourer — That the Occupation was healthy, and might be proportioned to the Strength of the Workman, as it was harder to work at a large Block, with a long Saw, than at a little Block with a small one — That the Materials could not be embezzled; and One Person might superintend many — That the Convicts might be employed in this Labour on the Side of Rivers, if thought eligible for them to lie on board Vessels, or they might be Rationed near the Quarries, by which Means Stone would be rendered much cheaper.

Your Committee next proceeded to take into their Consideration, the several Acts relating to the Transportation of Offenders to Foreign Parts.

And it appeared by the Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, that Persons convicted of certain Offences therein described, were made liable to be transported into any of His Majesty’s Dominions in America, there to remain and not to return; and by the Acts of the Twenty-second and of the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of the same Reign, certain other Offenders were made liable to be transported into any of His Majesty’s Plantations beyond the Seas, for the Term of Seven Years.

It also appeared by the Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the First, that Persons convicted of Offences within the Benefit of Clergy, were liable to be sent into any of his Majesty’s Dominions in America, for the Term of Seven Years; and Persons convicted of Capital Offences, and to whom his Majesty should be pleased to extend his Royal Mercy, and alfp Receivers of stolen Goods, might be transported for Fourteen Years; and Persons contracting for their Transportation, should have a Property in their Service.

And by the subsequent Acts of the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Sixteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, the Regulations in the said Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the First, were explained and enforced.

Upon this Head your Committee called Duncan Campbell, Esquire; who said he had been concerned Twenty Years in contracting for Felons sentenced to Transportation; Five Pounds per Man were allowed by Government till the last: Three Years, when, in Consequence of a Competition for the Contract, he agreed to take them without any Profit but that which accrued to him by disposing of their Servitude in the Colonies; that many Convicts who had Money bought off their Servitude, and their Punishment was only Banishment for the Term prescribed; he carried them only to the Provinces of Maryland and Virginia, and fold common Male Convicts, not Artificers, on an Average, for 10 Pounds apiece. Females at about Eight or Nine Pounds; those who were of nfefui Trades, such as Carpenters and Blacksmiths, from Fifteen to Twenty-five Pounds; the old and infirm he used to dispose of to those humane

19 Geo. III.

mane People who chose to take them, but with some he was obliged to give Premiums,

Being asked, Whether they could be disposed of in any other Colonies ? he said. He apprehended not in any considerable Number, which was the Reason he declined contracting for them upon the Revolt of the Colonies of Virginia and Maryland; and that he imagined about One hundred might be disposed of Annually in Georgia, and upon the Frontiers of ,but did not

think any could in Canada t that he transported, on an Average of Seven Years, 473 Convidls Annually; that he carried from One to Two hundred Persons in a Ship; that the ordinary Passage was about Two Months, during which Time, and in the Gaol, where they were confined frequently Two Months before their Embarkation, rather more than a Seventh Part of the Felons died, many of the Gaol Fever, but more of the Small Pox. He observed, that the Number of Women who died were only Half in Proportion to the Men, which he imputed to their Constitutions being less impaired, and to their Sobriety.

Your Committee thought proper, therefore, to examine how far, Transportation might be practicable to other Parts of the World: And,

Joseph Banks, Esquire, being requeued, in case it should be thought expedient to establish a Colony of convicted Felons in any distant Part of the Globe, from whence their escape might be difficult, and where, from the Fertility of the Soil, they might be enabled to maintain themselves, after the Fiift Year, with little or no Aid from the Mother Country, to give his Opinion What Place would be most eligible for such Settlement ? informed your Committee, That the Place which appeared to him bed adapted for such a Purpose, was Botany Bar, on the Coast of New Holland’, in the Indian Ocean, which was about Seven Months Voyage from;

that he apprehended there would be little Probability of any Opposition from the Natives, as, during his Stay there, in the Year 1770, he saw very few, and did not think there were above Fifty in all the Neighbourhood, and had Reason to believe the Country was very thinly peopled; those he saw were naked, treacherous, and armed with Lances, but extremely cowardly, and constantly retired from our People when they made the lead Appearance of Relidance: He was in this Bay in the End of April and beginning of May 1770, when the Weather was mild and moderate; that the Climate, he apprehended, was similar to that about , in the

South of France, having found the Southern Hemi-sphere colder than the Northern, in such Proportion, that any given Climate in the Southern answered to one in the Northern about Ten Degrees nearer to the Pole; the Proportion of rich Soil was small in Comparison to the barren, but sufficient to support a very large Number of People; there were no tame Animals, and he saw no wild Ones during his Sray of Ten Days, but he observed the Dung of what were called Kangourous, which were about the Size of a middling Sheep, but very swift, and difficult to catch; some of those Animals he law in another Part of the Bay, upon the same Continent; there were no Bealls of Prey, and he did not doubt but our Oxen and Sheep, if carried there, would thrive and increule; there was great Plenty of Fiffi, he took a large Quantity by hauling the Seine, and struck several Stingrays, a kind of Skate, all very large; one weighed 336 Pounds. The Grass was long and luxuriant, and there were some eatable Vegetables, particularly a Sort of Wild Spinage; the Country was well supplied with Water; there was Abundance of Timber and Fuel, sufficient for any Number of Buildings, which might be found necessary. Being asked, How a Colony of that Nature could be l'ublifted in the Beginning of their Establishment ? he answered. They mull certainly be furnished, at landing, with a full Year’s Allowance of Victuals, Raiment, and Drink } with all Kinds of Tools for labouring the Earth, and building Houses: with Vox.. 37.

311

Black Cattle, Sheep, Hogs, and Poultry j with Seeds of all Kinds of European Corn and Pulse; with Garden Seeds j with Arms and Ammunition for their Defence; and they should likewise have small Boats, Nets, and Fishing-tackle} all of which, except Arms and Ammunition, might be purchased at the Cape of Good Hopei and that afterwards, with a moderate Portion of industry, they might, undoubtedly, maintain themselves without any Assistance from England. He recommended fending a large Number of Persons, Two or Three hundred at lead; their Escape would be very difficult, as the Country was far distant from any Part of the Globe inhabited by Europeans. And being afleed. Whether be conceived the Mother Country was likely to reap any Benefit from a Colony established in Botany Bay ? he replied, ]f the People formed among themselves a Civil Government, they would necessarily in-Crease, and find Occasion for many European Commodities: and it was not to be doubted, that a Tratft of Land such as New Holland, which was larger than the Whole of Europe, would furnish Matter of advantageous Return.

John Roberts, Esquire, was next examined; who in formed your Committee, that he had been Governor of Cape Coast Castle, in Africa, and had the command of all the other Forts, about Nine Years; and being asked, Whether he thought a Colony of convicted Felons might be established in Africa ? he said. He thought there might, and the Place belt adapted for that Purpose, was called Yanimarew, situate about four 400 Miles from the Mouth of the River Gambia, where the Country was hilly, and far more healthy than the flat Parts near the Coast; the Soil was very fertile, and produced all Sorts of Vegetables and Fruits; it abounded in valuable Woods, Mahogany equal to that from Jamaica, Woods for dying, Gums, Balsam of Copivia, Castor Oil, Fig and Cotton Trees, Indigo, Tobacco, Rice, Sugar Cane, Orange, Lemon, and Lime Trees, Plantin, Banana, Yamb, Sweet Potatoe, Pumkin, and Meion, were Natives; the Vine, Coffee, Cocoa, Ginger, and Aloe, would no Doubt answer; the Native Grain was the Indian Corn, and Guinea Grain of various Sorts; the Ground or NegroeNut; Potash might be made; there were Plenty of Animals for Food, and excellent Filli in the River. He believed the King of Yanimarew would be very Glad to have any White People settled in his Country, though he even knew they were Felons, and would grant them Land at a moderate Price; he recommended to fend One hundred and fifty Men and Sixty Women, at first, to try the Experiment, and they should arrive there in the Months of November or December, being the proper Months for the Europeans, as the rainy Sealon would be over, and the Weather more temperate, and they would have the Seasoning Sickness, which all Europeans were subject to, on their Arrival in that Country, in a llighter Degree. He delivered in the following Estimate of the Expence attending such an Establishment, including that of transporting Two hundred and Ten Convicts to Yanimareiv, and maintaining them the First and Second Years after their Arrival; a Copy of which is here iubjoined:

First Year’s Establishment,

To their Passage and Provisions - 1,37* 15 4

To the Purchase of a Schooner, Wages and Diet, for a Mailer, Mate, and Men, for 3 Months To the Cost of a long Boat To Presents to the King and principal People of Yanimarew Kingdom, for Lands to settle the Convicts upon To building a Mud Fort, with Baf-tions, to mount 16 Guns, with Apartments for the Governor and other Officers, Store and other Houses

621 8 —

60----

xoo — - —

6co — — To

Committee

OD

Returns of

Felons.

Committee

on

Returns of

Felons.

in

Aprilis.

A. 1779.

To building a Town to contain 54

Houses for Convicts - - - 1 20 — —

To 10 Tierces Store Beef - - 35-----

To Ordnance and Ordnance Stores - 317 3-

To Sundry Stores for Building, with

Artificers, Tradesmens, Labourers,

And Garden Tools, and fotne other Things which are indispensably necessary for the Settlement - - 434 % 6

To the First Year’s Expence in,

that will attend supporting and

maintaining 210 Convicts from the Day of their Arrival - 3*302 19 4

To Sundry other Stores - - , 4313 8

jC*7>°49 7 10

The Expence of governing, supporting, and clothing, 210 Convicts, One Year, from their Arrival in Africa, will be £.3,302. 19 s4 Sterling, as by the foregoing Estimate, which is £.15 141. 6 each

Convict.

Second Year’s Support. £. s.

To the Salaries and Diet for the Governor and European Officers - 1,480 — —

To the Expence attending the Schooner Crew, 2 Whites and 8 [Hacks, for

Wages, Provisions, and Naval Stores 240------

To 4 Black Linguifls Wages and

Diet - - - 74----

Thirty Free Blacks Wages and Diet 230 — — »

To Provisions for 210 Convicts £.328 To Liquor for ditto - - 200

To Clothing ditto - - 164

69a — —

To Presents to the Natives, and other extra Expences -

100 —

£.*, 8,6----

N. B. The- Expence attending the governing, supporting, and clothing, 210 Convitfts, the Second Year, will be £.13. 8r. 2

each.

The Third Year, to govern clothe, and support, 210 Convicts, will be done without further Expence to the Public, as well as any other, that may be sent out after the Expiration of the Second Year, from the First Convicts Arrival in Africa.

Should a Company be established, to direct and manage the Commerce of Gambia River, the Convicts that may be hereafter sent out there, will be of no further Charge to the Public, from their Arrival in the said River.

Bring aflted, If, after the Second Year, they would be able ro maintain themselves without further Aid from this Country? he answered. Not only to maintain themselves, but to make very advantageous Returns to England; and by proper Management, they might be made most useful People, in finding out the Source of the River, and exploring that rich and populous Country of Africa, hitherto little known; that he did 'nor apprehend they could make their Escape from thence, as the Blacks would not let them pals through the Country.

Mr Thomas Perkins, who had resided Seven Years at Yanimate it’, as a Trader, supported the Evidence of Governor Roberts, and added, that he had been a Thou fa nd Miles up the River Gambia, in order to purclnfe Slaves, Gold, and Ivory; that was the moll eligible and healthy Spot; that there were about Five hundred Inhabitants in the Town; in the Year 1770 there were 25 Sail of Trading Ships in the River; e.ntlthat there were now about Two in a Year;

that he would advise the Conv'ufts should be lodged on a small Hill near the Town, about a Sixth Part of a Mile from the River; that a Fort should be built, and they must be allowed Arras, in order to be safe from the Negroes; that a sufficient Quantity of Land for 200 Convicts might be purchased for One hundred Pounds; that the Corn which it would produce might be loid at a great Advantage to the Shipping, and the Indigo and Cotton might be sent to England; that the Country was very plentiful and abounded in Cattle, Fowl, Fish, and Fruit; a Bullock of Two hundred Weight might be purchased for Twenty Shillings. Being asked, Whether the Seasoning Sickness would not probably be fatal to many ? he replied, He did not think above ao out of 200 would die, if they were lent at a proper Season.

Mr. Robert Stubbs, who had resided in Africa Four Years, confirmed the Evidence of Governor Roberts and Mr. Perkins, respecting Yanimarew He likewise informed your Committee, That there was a Place called Podore, Seventy Miles up the River Senegal, belonging to the Eng/ish, and where there formerly was a Fort, which was a very healthy and fruitful Spot, and he rather preferred it to Yanimarew for the Purpose of establishing a Colony of Convids, which he believed was very pradicable, and he knew a Person who was ready to engage in such an Undertaking, and give proper Security for the Performance; on their First Arrival the Climate would certainly be fatal to Numbers, but would be less so if they got there at the proper Season, which he advised to be in the Month of November.

Doctor Thomas Wallace acquainted your Committee, That he had resided Four Years in the River Gambia and Senegal; that Yanimarew and Podore were the Two

healthiest Spots on those Rivers; he thought the Convids should arrive there in the Month of January, that all Europeans upon their Arrival had a Fever, which was called a Seasoning Sickness; that out of 210 Convids, he did not apprehend above a Sixth Part would die of it; and those who recovered from that Disorder were usually very’healthy afterwards.

Richard Camplin, Esquire, delivered to your Committee a Paper, containing an Account of the Deaths of Ewopeansfent to Cape CoaCajlle, and the Out

Forts, in the Kingdom of Africa, from the Beginning of the Year 1755 to the Conclusion of 1776, by which it appeared, that out of 746 Persons lent, 334 had died, and 271 had been either discharged, or had deserted, and of many there was no Account; and that the Climate on that Part of the Coast was lb fatal, and the mortality had been so great, that the African Committee, during the last Three Years of the above-mentioned Period, had(sent only 7 Officers, and had manned their Garrisons with the Natives, and the Children of the European Soldiers born in that Country.

Colonel Charles O'Hara informed your Committee,

That he had resided some Years at Senegal, and that Podore was One of the healthiest Spots on the River; that the District of Podore belonged to that Tribe of Moors or Blacks which happened to be the strongest; that the ruling Party would probably fell a sufficient Quantity of Land for 200 Persons for One hundred Pounds, but that the Uncertainty of Possession, and Fluftuation of Power, was so great in that Country, that that Party would loon be driven oft’by a llronger, which likewise must soon give way to a Third, who would all make similar Demands, so that he could not name the Sum which would be sufficient to maintain an Establishment there; that the extreme Difficulty of defending it was the Reason the English abandoned the Fort they had at Podore; that he apprehened it would be equally difficult to support any similar Establishment on the River Gambia, the Moors and Blacks in Africa considering White Men as their Property, and taking every Opportunity of extorting Money front

them;

19 Geo. III. i*

them j that the Climate was very deflru&ive to Europeans; that upon an Average of Ten Years, above One Third of the Settlers died, and the Women hardly ever survived.

The Right honourable Sir John Irwin, a Member of the House, being asked his Opinion of the Propriety of employing Convicts on the Fortifications at Gibraltar ? he replied. If there were Hulks or Gallies for them to lie in, that they could be kept from mixing with the Soldiers, and from escaping into Spain, and were under strict Discipline, they would be of Lfe in doing the most laborious Works in the Repairs of that Garrison.

OBSERVATIONS.

U nder the Fi'fl: Head of Enquiry, which respects the Maintenance and Employment of Criminals sentenced to liuprilbninent in various Gaols, and Houses of Coirtdtion, throughout , your Committee

observe,

That the Allowance for the Support of these unhappy Persons varies in the different Counties, without a just or reasonable Caule, and in a Manner not Tcconciieable to any good System of Government, being in tome Places almost wholly precarious, or depending on the Charity of the Gaoler, and in many others, quite insufficienl for the buftananec of Life.

That the derm of imprisonment is, in many Instances, longer than can be useful either for Reformation or Example.

That the Means of Employment which should be provided for those who are sentenced to Hatd Labour are, if not altogether neg’ccled. generally unprofitable to the Public, anti in other Respects ill-chosen; the Accommodations for this Purpose being ini efficient in many of the Pi if ns, and it being quite impracticable to provide them in others.

That the good Effects both of fditary Confinement, and of conllrained Habits of Industry, have been proved to your Committee in many Infiances-, but that in fotne of the P:iions the Convicted are mixed with the A ecu fed, the Guilty with those who are to be presumed Innocent, the Ft Urns with tee Debtors, the Males with the Females; and the Convicted are often permitted to l’uffer long Imprilbnments in total Idle-ness.

In short, your Committee mud observe. That the whole Arrangement of the Prisons lb far as they are informed, is, at present, ill-iuited, either to the Oeco-rotny of the State, or the Morality of ti e People, and lccm> to be chiefly calculated fer the safe CuHotly of the Persons confined, without due Attention to the.r Health, Employment, or Reformation.

Under the Second Head of Enqu'ry, concerning the Execution and Effects of the Act of Parliament, which authorizes the Confinement and Hard Labour of transportable Offenders aboard Vessels in the River Thames, your Committee observe.

That the said Act, which was a temporary Expedient, intended only for the most daring and dangerous Offenders who n.ult otherwise have been crouded in Dungeons, or let looie again into Society, has been extended to several Criminals, who from their bodily Infirmities, from their extreme Youth, or their advanced Age, as also from the Nature of their Crimes, might have been more properly subjected to some other Mode of Punishment.

That the Mortality on Board the said Vessels may be attributed, in fume Degree, to the very disordered Conditutions to which the Profligacy of Criminals ex-poics them, and appears, in many Indances, to be occasioned bj an extreme Dej ection of Spirits, observable in all Prisons, bur more common and fatal in the Hulks, and most frequently afiefting Convicts from the Country; but chiefly arises from the epidemical Fevers, to which all Places, where the Freshness and

Vol. 37.

Aprilis. 313

Purity of the Air is destroyed by human Breath, are liable, and most especially Vessels indituted to collect the Refuse of the several Gaols of the Kingdom.

That the Mortality has been encreased by the Number of Convicts being too great for the Space allowed; by the Effluvia from the Sick; by the Contiguity of the Beds; by a Want of Cleanliness, which is extremely difficult to be enforced; and perhaps too by Ionic Circumstances in the Food, which might be better regulated.

That the Labour done appears to be of solid Advantage to the Public, and may be edimated at rathef more than One Third of the whole Annual Expence.

That the Execution of the said Aid appears to have received continual Improvements from its first Inditu-tion and that Farther beneficial Alterations may be made in it, in case it shall be thought proper to be prolonged as a Mode of Punishment; particularly, that it may be expedient, exclusive of providing against the Inconveniences to which your Committee have already alluded, to shorten the Term of Imprisonment, which is at present fora Period not exceeding Ten Years, nor less than Three Years, but which might better be. limited to a Term not exceeding Five Years, nor less than One.

That the Operaiions of this Aid should be redrided to Criminals convicted before the Judges of Gaol Delivery.

That it seems expedient to have fbme Place separate from the Vessels, to receive the Sick, in diflind and airy Cabins, or Apartments, if it should be thought adviseable to have the Hospital on Shore, according to the Nature and Degree of their Disease; and also to have a separate Veiled to lodge Felons on their first Arrival, in order to prevent their introducing the Gaol Didemper from the different Prisons.

That a large Piece of Ground should be inclosed for a Garden, by which the Health of many would be preserved, by a constant and ample Supply of fresh Vegetables; and in the Cultivation cf which, such Frions, who by Indisposition may be rendered incapable of severer Labour, may be profitably employee!, and in which those who are recovering from Sickness and from whom there is no Danger of Infection, and such others, as by their good and orderly Behaviour may be entitled to Indulgence, should at Times be permitted to walk.

That a Clergyman should attend to perform Divine Service on Sundays, and great Fedivals, and to bury the Dead.

That if it should be thought proper to continue the present Mode of executing this Law by Contract, it will be highly expedient that some Officer or Magistrate have Authority to visit and inspect the Hulks, and make a Report, from Time to Time, respecting the Management and Conduct of the Superintendant, and the due Execution of the Contract, to such Court or Person as may be appointed to receive it; and your Committee take this Occasion to observe, that such Inspector might be employed to Advantage in carefully examining oilier Places of Confinement.

That as the Separation of ill-disposed Persons, as far as is practicable, conduces both to Reformation end Health, and as it is expedient to avoid the Expence of very distant Removals, it seems adviseable to authorize the employing of Convicts in other navigable Rivers, and also in the Repairs of Sea Ports, in Embankments, in other public Works, and in Garrisons.

It further appears to your Committee, That the Clause in the said Act of Parliament, which directs the Justices of the Peace throughout to prepare

proper Places for the Reception of Offenders adjudged to Hard Labour, and to make due Provision for their Employment, Regulation, anil Government, has not engaged any competent Attention; and that in the mean Time there is a pressing Want of some adequate 4 L Provision

Committee oo Returns of . Felons.

Committee

on

Returns of

felons.

314 i 0 Aprilis.1779.

Provision for the Class of Convids heretofore liable to Transportation, and which, by very accurate Returns, may be estimated at near One thousand Annually.

That Iclitary Confinement, corporal Punishment, duly limited, and privately inflicted, Sobriety, well regulated Labour, and Instiudion, seem to be the belt Correctives for a considerable Part of the last-mcn-tioned Number, especially the Female Convicts, and such Males as from their Age, Infirmities, or the flight Nature of their Crimes are improper Objects for any severer Punishment.

That it may be expedient to make the Experiment, in the first Iuftance, by establishing Two Houses only, One for each Sex, within the Home Circuit, upon the Plan of a Bill, to this Purpose, though to a much greater Extent, submitted last Year to the Consideration of Parliament; in which House the Mode of Punishment may be proportioned to the Enormity of the Offence, and the Convicts may be properly lepa-rated and classed, according to their Crimes and Behaviour, in order to their being employed in such Labour as may be best luited to their respective Capacities, and most advantageous to the Public.

/hat Works and Manufactures should be cholen, in which a competent Knowledge may be acquired with little Application, and to which no Apprenticeship is necessary; in which many may be kept to Labour by the Supervision of few j and in which it is difficult to embezzle the Materials: such, for Example, as the sawing of Stone, the making of Cordage, or picking of Oakum; and, in order to induce such Convicts to work with Diligence and Alacrity, that it may be adviseable to allow them a certain Part of their Earnings for their own Use.

That although the immediate Advantages to be expected from such an Establishment will principally operate within the District where it is situated, your Committee hope that the Attention shewn by Parliament to this important ObjcCl of Police, and the alarming Evils with which the Community is threatened, from the Practice of crowding in incommodious Gaols great Numbers of filthy, idle; and abandoned Criminals, will raile a general Spirit of Reformation, and excite the Vigilance of Magistrates throughout the whole Kingdom, and that they will exert themselves in improving and enlarging their several Bridewells, for the Reception of infirm Convicts, and Females sentenced to Imprisonment and Labour; and to facilitate this Objcd, it will be expedient to give them further Powers to raise the Sums necessary, and make such Bye-Laws and Regulations, with the Content and Approbation of the Judges of Assize, as may be requisite for these faiu-tary Purposes.

And it being incumbent upon us to prevent, as much as possible, the spreading of that infectious and fatal Disorder, The Gaol Fever, which your Committee are

concerned to find has been communicated to the unhappy Persons on board the Hulks by Felons from various Gaols, it is expedient that a House be likewise provided in an airy Situation, to serve as a for the Reception of such ConviCls as may be discharged from the Vessels and Prisons, either by the Expiration of the Term of their Confinement, or conditionally, and may afterwards be inlisted in the Land or Sea Forces, in order that they may be properly cleanled and clothed, and the State of their Health examined, and ascertained by a Certificate from the in-speding Surgeon, before they are permitted to go to the Ship or Regiment in which they may be destined to serve.

That, as many very young Persons, by the Impulle of uncontrouled Passions, and from evil Habits, which naturally prevail where no Attention has been piid to th ir Education, are driven to the Commission of petty Offences, and as such unfortunate and defected Boys

seem peculiarly entitled to the Commiseration of Government, it is highly expedient, in order to reicue them from evil Communication and the contagious Society of Prisons, that a Power should be vetted in Two or more Magiftr?tes, to release any Youth under the Age of Fifteen, who may be brought before ti.^rn and accused of a Misdemeanor, or Petty Larceny j such Youth, with the Approbation of the Pr fecutor, having consented to serve in the Land Forces, in the East or (Vejl Indies, or in the Navy, for the Term of Three Years or upwards.

And, in order to prevent, as far as possible, those Convids, who may hereafter be discharged from the Vessels, and other Places of Confinement, from returning to their vicious Courses through the Want of Employment, it seems expedient, in Addition to the salutary Provision of Clothing, and Money, allowed by the present Act, to veil a Power in Two Magistrates, upon a Certificate of good Behaviour from the Superintendant of the respective Places of Confinement, to remit One Sixth Part of the Term of Imprisonment of any Convict, on Condition that a reputable Tradesman will agree to employ the Person so discharged, and give Security f>r his good Behaviour, for One Year; and those who may be f. i end lei's, should be entituled to the same Indulgence, provided that they will bind themselves for One Year to such Labour as shall be allotted to them, and comply with the Regulations prescribed.

Under the Third Head of Enquiry, which respects the Acts relative to Tranlbortation, and the Pradica-

k '

bility of recurring to that Mode of Punishment, your Committee observe,

That it is not in the Power of the executive Government at present to dispose of convicted Felons in North America, and that every other Plan of Transportation, hitherto suggested, appears to be attended with many Difficulties

That the fending atrocious Criminals to unhealthy Places, where their Labour may be used, and l heir Lives hazarded, in the Place of better Citizens, may in some Cafes be adviseable; and in the Instance of Capital Relpites is indifpmably just.

That the Plan of establishing a Colony or Colonies of young Convids in some dillant Part of the Globe, and in new-discovered Countries', where the Climate is healthy, and the Means of Support attainable, is equally agreeable to the D.daies of Humanity and (bund Policy, and might prove in the Refuk advantageous both to Navigation and Commerce.

That as the Laws respecting Transoortation are at present restrided, it is not in the Power of the executive Government to acLpt and pursue any new Syf-tem of Transportation.

Your Committee having thus gone through every Matter that was referred to their Considerati jn, came to the following Resolutions:

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That some Alteration should be made in the Li.vs receding the Maintenance and Employment of co i-vided Felons, confined by Sentence of Imprisonment, or by Sentence of Imprisonment and Hard Labour, in different Places within England.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it might be of Public Utility, if the Laws which now direct and authorize the Transportation ot certain Convids to His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantat oris in North America, were made to authorize the same to any other Part of the Globe that may be found expedient.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further C moderation upon Monday Fortnight, the 19th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered That such a Number of Copies of the ft id

Report

Calvcrtoa

Inclosure#

Waiborough

Indolurc.

Ditto#

Cartifle

anti

Workington

Road.

19 <Jeo. III. i* Jpritis. 3 r

Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Medows reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Forest, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Calvert on, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Philip Earl of Ch and also the Petition of William Huthwaite, Michael Carding, Samuel Smith, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and several other Persons. Owners and Proprietors of ancient Houses, having Right of Common in, over, and upon the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Forest, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Calverton, in the County of Nottingham, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with ;and that the Committee bad considered the said full-mentioned Petition, and had heard Counlcl in Support of the last mentioned Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and had also given their Consent to the adding Two Commissioners to the Three named in the Bill (except the Proprietors of Four Cottages, and Thirty-one Acres of Land, who ref; fed to llgn the Bill j and also, except the Proprietors of Two Messuages, and Forty-one Acres of Land, who could not be found; and that the whole Amount of Property, entitled to Right of Common upon the Lands to be inclosed, confilts of 32 Messuages, 31 Cottages, and 975 Acres of Land, or thereabouts) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bid, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the Amendments were Cnee read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bid, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Samuel Pocklington, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of in the County of Wilts, the Reverend George Horne, Doctor in Divinity, Pretldent of the College of Saint iifciry Magdalen, in the University of Oxford, and the

Scholars of the said College, Ambrose Goddard,. Esquire, and of feveval other Persons, whose Names are thereunto lublcrtbed, on Behalf of themselves and others.

Mr. Goddard prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, in the Manor and Parish of Wanborouih, in the county of:

o ' *

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo.’ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir James Lozvther reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington, in the said County, so far as the same relates to the Road between the Town of Vol. 37,

mouth and Workington aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which, they had directed him to report to the House? and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bid, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once.re£d throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were; greed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Ch fler do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-fit ft: Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts, palfed for amending the Road Irom to

Stone, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at Stone; and also the Roads to or near Berkley, Durjley, Wottonunder Edge, Stroud, and

Sodbury, and the several Roads leading from the River Severn, and crofting the said Road from Gloucester to Stone; all in the County of Gloucester, was committed.

Mr. Chefieraccordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; W here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Aldermam Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemep residing, or having Estates, widish the Counties of or Radnor, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and i$ as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the ft id Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Roads leading from the Turnpike Gate, erected in the Road from Ludlow to Little Hereford Bridge, in the Parish of Afford Bawdier, to the River and from

thence, through tire Parishes of Afford and

Cainham , to the New Bridge over Ledtvich, in the Parish of Cainham; and from thence to the Turnpike Road on The Clee Hill, leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer; and from the said Turnpike Road, through Bitter/ey, and by Bitter/ey Court, to a Gate on The Clee Hi!!, called Bedlam Gate-, and from the said Turnpike Road leading from Ludlow to through Stan-

ton Lacy, to Lower Hayton, Great Sutton, Pceton, and Bowden, in the Parishes of Stanton Lacy, Diddlebury, and hloldgate, in the said County of Salop, are very' narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually mended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

That the Notices relative to Turnpike Bills had not been given at the Times required by the Standing Orders of the House, of the Twenty-fifth Day ot One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, but the like Notices had been given at the last

Quarter

Glouceftec to Stone Roads from the 9 mile floue.

Ludlow

Roads.

Papers

refyc&ing

American

Affairs*

Royal Assent to Bills.

316

i* Aprilis.

A. 1779.

Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Salop, and had also been published Three Times, in the Months of December and January last, in the public Newspapers published in the said County; but that no Estimate had yet been made of the Expen- e of repairing those Roads, or any Money subscribed for repairing the lame.

And several Members present informed your Committee, That the amending and widening the said Roads will be a great Convenience to all Persons having Occasion to make Use of the said Roads, and of great Benefit to the Country in general.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Confederation of the particular Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the ensuing

Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Salop, and by Advertisements in some Newspaper, published within the said County, in the present Month of April, and in the Month of May next, or one of them, of the Application to Parliament for Power to amend, widen, and repair, the several new Roads described in the said Petition, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, of Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills.

Mr. DeGrey presented to the House,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Lord George Germaindated Quebec, 14th May 1777: Received 3d July: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Montreal, 19th May 1777: Received 3d July: And Also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Head Quarters, Skeenjborough House, 11 th July 1777:

Received 23d August: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated near Fort Edward, upon Hudforis River, 30th July 1777: Received 24th September: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Camp, nearly opposite to Saratoga, 20th August 1777: Received 31st October: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Albany, 20th October 1777: Received 15th De-

cember.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration the feve-tal Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. De Grey, upon the 19th Day of March last, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

According.y Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein

mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop

of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl of Marchmont, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth;

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of ilic Customs and Excise in Great Britain:

An Act for licensing and regulating lottery Office Keepers:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred ami Seventy-nine:

An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in; to

the landing of Rum or Spirits of the Brittjli Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Givaie; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the CuHorns, and Naval Officers in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Atucfes, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages:

An Act to permit, during the present Hostilities with France, certain Goods, enumerated in the Act of Navigation, to be imported in Ships Ibid.to

Foreigners, and for releaiing Ships and Goods which have been seized in pursuance of the said Act:

An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in tire Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the V. nice Herring " Fishery: "

An Act for further continuing and extending the

_ o o

Provisions of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-mnth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George ti e Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign ot H.s present Majesty, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking oft' the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarnr., made of Flax; and for granting a B >unty on the Exportation of BritiJfj Checqued and Striped Linens, and upon British and Irish Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen, of above a certain Breadth:

An Act for charging the Lands vs it. in the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, c.iiiecl Bedford Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Cropland, with further Taxes, f >r a limited Time, for discharging the Debts inclined by the Commissioners under an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second; and for belter supporting and prclerving the Drainage of the l' d Lands;

An Act more effectually to enable the President and Governors of the Hospital or Infirmary at Bath, established by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in-tiuled, " An Act for establishing and well-governing an " Hospital or Infirmary in the City o( Bath," to take, or acquire, and hold, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Interest in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and any Money, or Personal Property to be laid out in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pursuant to any Will, or otherwise, to the Amount limited in the said Act

An

ip Geo. III. \° Aprilis. 317

An Act for allowing Corn, Grain, and Hour, imported into the Port of Cowes, in the ljle of Wight, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Rcflridions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, arc allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the 13th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation " and Exportation of Corn.*’

An Act for draining, improving, and preserving, the Low Lands, in the Parishes ot Half all, and

H ah on upon the Hi!/,in the County Palatine of

C efier:

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the Hundred of Co-ford (except the Parish of lladiegh) and also of the Panth of Po.'fed, within the Hundred of

in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for building a new Arti/.e or Town Hall, and Market H oulc, within the City or Borough of Weis, in the County of Somerfand for regulating the Markets within the said City or Borough:

An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, fur repairing, and widening the Road from the Top ot White Sheet lull, in the Parish of Dcnhead Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, and Several oilier Roads tlieiem mentioned, in the Count’cs of and Wilts:

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fill!) Year of 1 lie Reign of his late Majrlly King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from ADmintth, through the Town of Alnwick, to Ret I, -bury, and iro n thence to the Town of Hexham , and aflo the Road leading out of l lie aforeS'aid Road between Alnwick and Rotldioy, to JDike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland:and for making more ef-

fectual Provision ten the Repair of the said Roads:

An Act for cnlatging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Tiiiriy-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Little Sheffield, in the County of York, through the " Towns ot Htitherf/ge, Hope, and Cufllcton, to " rowpitGate, in the County of Derby -, and from the " Guide Fcjl, near Barber's Fields Cupola, through " Grind!:/urd Bridge, Great Hard

" gate, Wall, and F.tir/iJd,to , in the County of Derby F

An Aci lor continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty.sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for icpairing the Road from the City of Grriijleto the Town of in the County l Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith to Earnout Bridge, which divides the Counties ot Cumber! :t:dand WedsnorAand:

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for impairing and widening the Road leading from FitntreellPent, in the* Parish of in the County of St fix, to the Town and Port of Hading;, in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Gander Lane, in the County of Derby, to in the West Riding of the County of York} and alto the Road brandling out of the said Road, at or near Mofc, rough Green, in the said County of Derby, to Clown,

in the tame County:

An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering and tarving the Powers, of Id much of an Act, nude in the Tiiirry-feco; d Year of the Reign of his late Ma-jctly King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading 10 the Town of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerjlt, and other Roads therein mentioned, as relate? to the Roads leading to the said Town:

Vo 1.. 37.

An Act for enlarging the Yertti and Powers of Two Roy«l Aifent Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Second Year of the Reign of Hi. present Majtflv, for repairing and widening the Roads from Ox down Gate, in Pop/tam Latte, to the City of Wine heft er, and from the said City, through Hurjley, to Chandler’s Ford, and from Hurfey aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Ronfey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Bridge and WinborneAlinfier, in the County of Dorset j

and for amending and widening the Road from Ring-wood Gate, in the said County of to

Woohbridge, and from a Sirect called The Hundred, at Romsey, through Chihvorth, to the River at Swatiding, in the said County:

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts made in the Twenty-fixrh Year of his late Majesty, and the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Piper's Inn to G, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of set j and for repairing the Road from Piper's Inn aforesaid to Athelney Bridge; and alto for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the City or Borough of Wells, in the said County, and for removing and preventing En* croachments, Nnilimces, and Annoyances therein:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from eh, in the County of Carmarthen, to the Town of Llandovery, and from thence, through the Town of to the

Rn er Amman, and several other Roads in the said County, communicating the rewith:

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen, and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in ti e said County, lo far as relates to

the Roads included in the Kidwelly District; and also for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the laic! County:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign ot hi? late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn, at to the Maypole, at the Up|ier End of Spital or S-mierfet Street, in the Parish of Stoke, near the Town of Guide-ford, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of The R/efed Virgin , of Lincoln, and the Right honourable John Lord of certain

Lands and Hereditaments, in the Couu:y of Lincoln:

An Act for vesting certain Lands, 'i encmems, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Hertford and Bucks,

(the Settled Estates of Jane Wid/on, the Wife of George Witlfcn, Esquire) in Trullees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Commons, or Parcels ot Waste Lands called Dmify and Hnffeott Commons, within the Manor and

Parish of Kinver, otherwise Kinfare, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Furze, Leys, Stinted Common P.tflures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for extinguishing the Cattle Gates or Leas upon certain Stinted Failures within the Parish of West Slower, in the County of Dorset; and for allotting Lands in Exchange for Part of the Glebe Lands, and for the said Cattle Gates or Leas belonging to the Impropriator of the said Parish:

An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the 4 M Open

318 i° Aprilis 1779.

Royal A Hint Open and Common Fields, and Common or Common* j*® able Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and ' Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Avert Daffett, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and indosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of , in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Mayjeyhampton, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Him-i>ltton,’Xn the County of

An Act for dividing and indosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, in the Parish of Grafton Flyford, in the County of Worcester:

An Act for dividing and indosing the several Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, within and belonging to the Township of Crop!horn, in the Parish of Cr opt horn, and County of Worcester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Elton, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Waste Land, within the Parish oiHcrberbury, otherwise Harbury, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Woo dead, in the Parish of Blakefley, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Stanton under Bardon, in the Parish of , in the County of Le!after:

An Act for dividing, indosing, and improving, certain Open Fields, Ings, Meadows, and Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the.

County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, indosing, and allotting, certain Commons or Waste Lands, within the Parish of -ham, in the county of:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, or Piece of Waste Ground, within the Township of Fenwick, in the Parish of in the West Riding

of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bucklatid, in the County of Gleucester:

An Act for dividing and indosing a certain Open Common Arable Field, and also certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of West Knighton, in the County of Dorset:

An Act to enable John Raincock, and others therein described, to take and Use the Surname and Arms of Fleming, pursuant to the Will of Fleu her Fleming, de-cealed:

An Act for naturalizing Henry Amftnck.

El-in Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire ot Elin the room of the honourable Arthur Dujf, who, lincc his Election for the said Shire,

hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Her.dred, in the County of Berks.

Mr. Johns presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from The Market House, and elsewhere, in the Town of , in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the Fitft Time.

ReJohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for settling and establishing a " Court of Exchequer in the North Part of Great " tain called Scotland," by altering the Martinmas and Candlemas Terms in the said Court: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, or otherwise interested in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Linds and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Parishes of Milton, otherwise *

ton, MalJ'or, and Collingtree, otherwise in

the County of Northampton.

Mr. Frederick Montagu presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other C tnmonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Parishes of Milton, otherwise , Ma/for, and

Collingtree, otherwise Collingtrou in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Minchin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp from the Kingdom of Ireland, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received , and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutioas which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read* and areas fullow-eth 5 viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight/’

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty thousand Five hundred and Forty Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pc#c« Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day ol July

Ludlow

Roads.

Scotch Court of Exchequer,

i\c

Indoturr.

Littd.

Hemp

imported from

Ireland.

Supply.

TVoACCD ;n\vn in 'IreUiul.

Westnrr.fter

Writ,

Grav*^ Inn Li.e

Turnpike.

19 Geo. III. itt — 15*

1778, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-eight thousand Eight hundred ninety-one Pounds Three Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1778, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

The laid Resolucions being ieveraily read a Second Time, were, upon the Question feverahy put thereupon, agreed to by the Uouie.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Rtfolveii, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 15th Day of this Instanc resolve if-

seif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to rc|>eal lo much of several Acts of Parliament, which prohibit the Growth and Produce of Tobacco in Inland, and to permit the Importation of Tobacco, of the Growth and Produce of that Kingdom, into Great Britain, under the like Duties and Regulations as Tobacco of the Growth of the Colonies in Ame-

rica.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the 15th Day of this Instant , Ten of the Clock, in the Morning.

Jovis, 150 die Apr His;

Anno 19® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

r\ R D E R E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Westnmfter, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Stanhope, commonly called L >id Viscount now Earl of

Harrington, called up to the House ot Peers.

A Petition of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deferred young Children, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition !ja. been presented, front several Owners and Propncto s of Lands, Builders, and Occupiers of Houses, and Inhabitants, in Gray's Inn Lane, L-.w.K sConduit Street, Red Lion Street, Red Lien Square, Ormond Street, Mailman Street, B dford

Row, King's Road, John Stree, Hatton Garden, Gray's Inn. and other Streets, Squares, and Places, thereat, cuts, for Leave to bring in a Bill to explain and amend that Clause in ihc Act of Parliament, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,-intituled, "An Act co continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the " Highways leading to HighgatGate Har/e and " fend, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the County of Middlesex," which gives Power to the said Trustees to erect Gates, so far as it relates to the erecting any Gats between the End of Lane

Vol. 37.

atfptiliS.

dnd the new Road which leads from to Padding'

ton; and alleging, that die Petitioners Hospital is situated near to the End of Gray's h Lane, and within a few Hundred Yards of the said new Road, to which they and their Officers had heretofore free Access, to pass thereon to IJUugtoH and the Eiftern Parts of the City of London, and the Essex Roads, or to Marybone and the Great Western Roads j and that a Toll Gate is lately erected dofc to the South East Corner Wall of the Ground of the said Hospital, at which the Petitioners and their Officers; before they can proceed Twelve Yards on the said Highgate Road, towards the said New Road; are obliged to pay very heavy Tolls, which they conceive to be a great Imposition, being of Opinion, that the Tolls they tfiuft pay at the Gates on the said new Road, before they can arrive either at or Ma-

ry lone, which Tolls are collected for the Uses of the same Trull, are fully adequate to the Wear they occaJ fion to the said Roads; and representing to the House; ‘ that there is a considerable Quantity of Ground belonging to the said Hospital, on the Side of, and near to the said Road which the Petitioners intend to let on Building Le.ifes, and expect that the Ground Rents to arise therefrom will produce a large Revenue; bu t if the said Toll Gate, lately erected at the End of Gray's Inn Lane, should be continued, it may probably prevent Buildings being erected on their said Land, or, if any Part of the said Ground should be let for Building, it is to be feared they will not be able to get such large Ground Rents as the Situation otherwise entitles them to expect: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Bill prayed for may pals into Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Builders, and Occupiers of Houses, in Swinton Street, Alton Street, Constitution Roys),

and several other Streets and Places, situated on the Side of, or near to, the Turnpike Road leading from the North End of Gray's Inn Lane to the new Road near Battle Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as also of the several Inhabitants in Gray's lm Lane, Lamb's Conduit,

Red Lion Street, Red Lion Square, Queen's,

Ormond Street, Muilman Street, James Street, Bedford Row, King's Road, John Street, Hatton Garden,

Gray's Inn, and other Streets, Squares, and Places, thereabouts, who have Occasion to travel or pass by Way of Gray's Inn Lane Road, and the New Road, to the East End of the City of London, and to the Great Essex Road, as also to the Edgware Road near Paddington, and to the Great Western Road, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition j and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Half or d and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Chamau<!i naturalizing Janies Charnaud-, to which the Lords dc- ^at* fire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lempcrt’a vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, the settled Estate Ea*te-of John Ttmpefi, Esquire, situate in the Count of Kent in Trust, to lell the lame, and for laying out the Money ar.sing by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in Lieu thereof, to the same Uies; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committed

4n

SeTton’s

Nut.

320 i g Aprilis.^.1779,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Sellswas read a Second Time. Rfolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wil-tnot, Mr. Cafwall, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

j>eer» A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Inclosure. Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. bore, Mr. Elves, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Baker* A Petition of several Bakers, residing in and near . the City of Peterborough, in the County of

was Panted the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to enable Persons to exercise the Trades of Bakers and Butchers, although they shall not have been brought up as Apprentices in the said Trades; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners have served regular Apprenticeships to the Trade of a Baker for the Term of Seven Years, and have been at great Expence and Labour before they could receive any Benefit from their Trade, and there are now many Apprentices to the same Trade, who are obliged to lerve the respective Terms for which they are bound; and that it will be a very great Hardship upon the Petitioners, and all others who have served regular Apprenticeships, if Persons are allowed to exercise the Trade of a Baker without having first served regular Apprenticeships thereto; and that, there being an Art or Mystery in making Bread, the Petitioners conceive that the enabling Persons to exercise the Trade, who have not served an Apprenticeship thereto, may tend to introduce bad Bread, and prevent the Public from having so good a Commodity as is in general allowed they now have; and that B;ead is at prel'cnt the only Article in this Country on which the Dealer is not allowed to let his own Price, and to regulate the same according to the Expence and Trouble he is at in cirrying on his Bufi-nels; and the Petitioners apprehend, no Benefit can arii'e to the Public by passing the present B;ll, so far as it relates to Bikers: And therefore praying, that so much of the fit id Bill as relates to the Petitioners may not pals into a Law.

Ditto. A Pciiiion of the Bakers of , whose

Names a re thereunto subscribed, was also pretented to the House, and read; likcwil'e taking Notice of the said Bdl; and Setting forth, That Inch an Infraction of a wile Institution ot our Ancestors, which has iub lifted for more man aco Years, would greatly injure the Petitioners, and not oniy deprive them ot their established Rights, li. cured by the Sand ion of Parliament, but would ex pole the Health and Lives of all His Majesty’s Subjects to great and conllant Danger, from the Errors of the ignorant, and the Delig is of the Wicked, in preparing this necessary Article ot daily Food: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not p.rfs into a Law.

Ditto. - A Petition of the Bakers of Liverpool, whose Names are thereunto fu'oscribed, was aif.) prelc-nted to the House, and rend; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill, and containing the same Allegations and P ayer as the last preceding Petition.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of a Committee to whom the said Bill is commuted.

R-vfr Les A Petition of the Millers and Keepers, or Wardens, Ns»i-atiun. and Commonalty, of the My iery or Art of Brewers of the City of London, on Behalf of therniclves and others exercising tue Brewing Trade in or near the

9.0

said City, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for preserving the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex, and for Relief of the Creditors under

Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, and of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the said River j and Setting forth, That, by the said last-mentioned Ad, the Trustees, appointed to execute the Powers thereby granted, were authorized to vaife Money upon the Rates and Duties therein mentioned; and the Petitioners observe, that it is proposed by the said Bill to lay additional Tolls upon all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, to be conveyed to the City of London by Means of the said Navigation; and that a very couliderable Part of the Tolls, granted by the said former Acts, are and have been paid by Persons exercising the Brewing Tiaile, in respect of Corn and Malt conveyed by Meins of cue Navigation of the said River to the City of London', and; if the additional Tolls proposed by the lain Bill should take Place, the same mull consequently increase the Price of those, as well as other Commodates brought to London by Means of the fuel Navigation, and would thereby become an additional Burthen upon trade and lndullry, and upon the Poor in particular, wnten the Petitioners apprehend to be the L-fs necessary, by reason, that if the said Trull was put under pio[>er Regulations, and conducted with Prudence and A'tention, the Tolls already granted would be sufficient to ai.iwer all the Purposes of the said former Acts: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and not suffer the said Bill, lo far a the same seeks to lay any additional 1 oils upon Com, Malt, and other Goods and Commodiiies conveyed to London by the said Navigation, to pas into a Law, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Pren.iles as the Nature of this same requires, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Wanborou&h Fields, Common Meadows, Common P.iftures, Walle Lciofure. Lands, and Commonable Places, in the Manor and Parish of IVanborough, in the County of IPills, was read

a Second Time.

Refo ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Goddard, Mr. Wyldbore, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, or Stone Traci of Commonable Land, called or known by the Name of Stone Allerton Moor, in the Hamlet or Vill of Stone Allerton, in the County of was read a

Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

My. Brett, See.: And tl ey are to meet this Auer-noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for reviving and continuing an Act, made in Ludlow the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, teveral Roads leading from the Market House, and chew here, in the Town of LuJtoiv, in the County of was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Joints, the Lord Ludlow, &cc.: And they are to mcei this A ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Secretary at War preferred to the House, pur- farm suant to their Order, rtft

A Paper, intituled* " Monthly General Return of A^r|""

" the

19 Geo.. III. its Aprifis. 321

" t'.'e British Troops (Irving under the Command of " Lieutenant General Bvgoyne, Camp at " Farm, 1 (I October >777*. Received from Lieutenant

" Colonel Kingston,6th "June 1 778 And also,

A Tajnintituled, " Monthly State of the'Provin-u tial Corps tlrving under the Command, of Lieutenant " General Burg owe, Camp at Freeman's Farm, 1 ft October 1777: Received from Lieutenant Colonel King-th Jtmt 1778:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Liste Generale du Corps des " Trou j»ei> A Fernandes, commainle par le Major Genenil dc llieJ’jel, pour le 1" d’ Oilobre 1777: Re-

" reived from Lieutenant Colonel ,6th June

177«"

Mr. Secretary at War also preferred to the House, by Kis Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of forming Three Regiments of Light Dragoons, of 411 Men each, out of the Light Troops belonging to the Regiments of Dragoon Guards, and Dragoons, in Great , includ'ng the Charge of bringing General Eliott's and Lieut* riant Gd- neral Burgoyne's Rigunents to the like.Ejstablishm^nt: And also,

Erhmate of the Charge of an Augmentation to a Corps of* Royal Highland Emigrants serving ih North* America, from 25th May 1779 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 2I4Di\s.

And the Titles of the said Papers and Estimatcs were read.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Eftitnates are as followeth viz.

E S T 1 M A T E of the Charge of forming Three Regiments of Light Dragoons, of 4*1 Men each, out of Light Troops belonging to the Regiments of DragoOn Guards, and Dragoons, in, Britain, including the Charge of bringing General Eliott's and Lieutenant General Regiments to the like

Establishment. .

Numbers.

Charge for 144 Hays.

General Eliott's Regiment of Light Dragoons, from 25th April 1779 to 24th December following, both inclusive - -

Lieut. General Burgoyne's, the same -

Major General Manners's,the same - -

Major General Philip fat's,the same - -

Major General Douglas's, the same - - - - - -

Charge of the Commissioned Officers for Thirteen Light Troops, at £. 1. 121. 6 per Diem, from 25th December 1778 to 44th April 1779, both inclusive, being 121 Days -

4" 12.683 18 8

411 12,683 18 8

411 12,683 18 8

4" ia,o«3 18 8

411 12,683 18 8

— *>S56 z 6

1,055 65»97S- *5 10

Deduct

vot/sd for i7"9i

Charge of reduced Non-commissioned Officers and Pitvate Men, on Eieven Regiments of Dragoon Guards, and Dragoons, for 244 Days, from 25th April 1779 to 24th December following Charge of forming Twelve Light Troops, for the Year 1779 -

Charge of General Eliott's Regiment of Light Dragoons, for 244 Days -D* Lieut. General Burgoyne's, for the same Time

Remains to be made good for 1779 -

£ s. d.

1,056 23,80s 6 —

72 11,004 15 —

375 492 11,915 13,001 6 8 2 8

— m m. 0* *

L995

60

59*7*9 *o 6,246 5

4

6

War-Office, 15th April 1779.

C. JenkinfoH.

Vol. 37.

>K . , 1

322

A. 1779.

Hivrr Lee Navigation,

1 s'Apriliu

ESTIMATE of the Charge of an Augmentation to a Corps of Royal Highland Emigrants, (erring in North America, from 25th May 1779 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 214 Days.

Numbers. Charge for 214 Days.

Charge of an Augmentation to the Royal Highland Emigrants, from 25th May 1779 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 214 Days, at £, 13. 6. $. per Diem - . - Levy Money for the said Augmeptation, at the Rate of £.3. 3. 0. Man — 1 400 2,853 6 8 1,260 — —

Total - - vp m, mm 400 4,113 6 8

War-Office,

15th April 1779,

C.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Estimates do lie. upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of several Persons, residing in and near the Towns of Hertford, fV and in the Counties of Hertford and Essex, interested in and using the Navigation of the River Lee, on behalf of them-fclres and others, residing in and near the said Towns, and using the said Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House for preserving the said Navigation, and for Relief of the Annuitants and other Creditors under Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the said River, whereby it is proposed, that some additional Rates and Duties fhoaSd be laid upon all Goods conveyed upon the said River, for preserving the Navigation thereof, which additional Rates and Duties are to decrease in certain Proportions mentioned in the said Bill; and that the Petitioners find, that a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, hath been presented to the House, wherein they object to any Increase of the present Rates and Duties; and allege, that, if the same had been regularly collected, the Navigation might have been earned on without any Increase thereof; and they charge the Trustees with Irregularity and Misconduct in the Execution^ their Trust, and submit to the Consideration of the House, whether, for the Realons given in their Petition the said Navigation ought to remain under the Controul of the same Trustees'; and that the Petitioners are much surprized at the Contents of the said Petition of the City of London, as the Lord Mayor, Court of Aldermen, and Recorder, of the said City, are, by the said Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, appointed Trustees for the Care of the said Navigation; and the Petitioners apprehend, it was their Duty, as Trustees, to have attended the Meetings, and prevended any Misconduct and Mismanagement in the Proceedings of the Trustees, and which they might eafiiy have done, as full One Half of the Meetings of the said T. uftecs, fmee the passing of the said Act, where holden in or near the City of London; and that, at the Pune the said Act of the Seventh Year of His present Mijvfty was obtained, Engineers were employed to make Estimates of the Expence attending the 'making

and completing the said Navigation, and such Rate* and Duties were then laid as were tuppoled sufficient for carrying the Ad into Execution; but the Ex;>ence of completing the said Navigation hath greatly exceeded the said Estimates, and the present lutes and Duties have been found insufficient for the Purposts intended by the said Act; and that the Petitioners are very materially interested in the Preservation of the said Navigation, as they pay about Five Sixth Parts of the whole Rates and Duties collected upon the said Rive-; but, in order to preserve the said Navigation, and for the Relief of the present Annuitants and other Creditors, the Petitioners are willing to pay the proposed additional Rates and Duties, which, they apprehend, will occasion little or no Increase in the Price of Fr.ight, as the same will not exceed, on an Average, One Ha.foenny per Ton per Mile upon the G kkIs, Wares, and Merchandizes, conveyed upon the said River; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Charges made against the said Trustees by the City of London in their Petition, is done with a View to get the foie Cont roul and Management of the said Navigation into their own Hands; but the Petitioners hope that, as the Works are ah finished, and the Navigation completed, and found to be of great Benefit to the Country, the Controul and Management thereof will not be taken out of the Hands of the present Trustees, as they are all Gentlemen of considerable Property in the Counties through which the same pafles, and are equally interested with the Petitioners in the Prolperity of the Navigation: And the e-fore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law, and that such additional Rates and Duties may bev granted for preserving the said Navigation, and for Relief of the present Annuitants and other Creditors, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be ref rred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bid for preserving the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex; and for Relief of the Creditors under Two Acts of Parliament. of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, and of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the said River, is committed.

A Bill for continuing the Term*, and altering and t'Chum' enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament, male in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the Eighth Year of Ring George the First, and the

Twenty-

C-cicOaH

InJoUnb

A

19 Geo. III.

15* Apr

323

Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing him to report, when the House will please to receive the Pood leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the County the lame.

of Middlesex, to Sparrows Herne, in the County of Here-

ford, was reast a Second Time. Morning.

That the Report be received Tomorrow

Charoaud’s Nat.

Kifiinpbury

ludofure.

Milton,

Stc.

Inclosure.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr. Serjeant Adair, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for erctfting a Market House, and regulating the Markets, within the Borough of Bridge-water, in the County of Somerset‘, and for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and other public Passages and Places, withiij the said Commons, Moors, and W ile Grounds, «,-» <-^a +11,® rrr. rA

Bridge-Water Market, he.

m-

nor"

Hemp

imported

fnm

Ireland.

Wide Grounds, within the

Manor and Township of EccleshJ.l, in the Parish of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet tins Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Charnaud, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Com* moo Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and

Grounds, of and within the Parish of Kiflingbury, in

the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes\

Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Af*

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’*

Chamber. ‘

v ' And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Com* the B'11 amended at the Table accordingly, tuon Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and That the Bitldopaf: And that the Title

Grounds, of and within the Manors and Parishea of be» An eiecting a Market House, and regu-

Millon, otherwise Middleton, Malfor and Collingtree, lating the Markets, within the Borough of Bridgewater, otherwise Coliingthrough, in the County Northampton, in the County of Smerfef, and for paving, cleansing, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Eiwes,

Mr. Powys,&c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

The House being informed that Mr. Hugh/on, from A Bill for granting a Bounty upon the Importation *he Exchequer, attended at the Door* he was called

Borough, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14. 1. 8. To leave out from " Fine" to " And" in Line 10, and insert " to be imposed on any Sheriff or his Deputy, Bailiff, or Agent, or " roner, shall exceed the Sum of " £. 100, nor shall any Fine to be " imposed on any Juryman or " Witness exceed the Sum of u £.20, for One Offence" stead thereof.

Pr. ay. L 3a. To leave out from " the " to "

in Pr. 28. 1. 1, and insert hud M Borough from vending or ex-1 " posing to Sale any Butchers

j " Meat at the Place called the

" Flesh-(hambles, situate on the " North Side o( High Street, within the said Borough, bounded . " on the East by the Crown Inn, " and on the West by the Old " School House " in (lead thereof

lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Publit Passages and Places, within the said Borough.

Ordered, That Mr. Poulett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tobacco

Co in

nd.

of Hemp from the kingdom of Ireland, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to rdolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of several A£U of Parliament, which prohibit the Growth and Produce of Tobacco in Ireland, and to permit the Importation of

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur-luant to their Orders,

An Account of the Gross and Net Salaries received by the Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench, the Chief Justice in the Court of Common Pleas and the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, from the 31st Day of January 1759 to the 31st Day of December 1778; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Grots and Net Produce of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges of England: And also.

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Salaries of the Chief Justice, and Second Justice of Chester, and the Six justices of Wales: And also.

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the

Account; JudjJs Salaries.

Tobacco, of the Growth and Produce of that King- Sal&ry of the Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer

dom, into Great Britain, under the like Duties and Regulations as Tobacco of the Growth of the British Colonies in America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly *,

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Newhaventook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Newhaven reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made fc-Vcral Amendments thereunto which they had directed Vou 37.

*r *

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. The laid Accounts are as followeth , viz.

To

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled. -

An A C C O U N 1 oiP the Grois and Net Salaries received by the Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench, the Chief Justice in the Court of Common Pleas, and the Cliiwf Baron of the Exchequer, from the 31st Day of January 1759 to the3Jft Pay of Dccmbet ryjS; distinguishing cr.ch Year. ‘

D

eg"

n‘

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg

?r

lh? 31st December 1760 -

o the Chief Justice in the Court of Common Pleas, for t ’Pime - - - " -

o the Chief Baron in the Court of Exchequer, for th Time — . -

Memorandum:

As the Gross and Net Salaries, payable at the Exchequer, are invariably the same in every. Year, from the I ft Day of January 1759 to the 31 ft Day of December 1778, the above Sums are not repeated in this Account.

Exchequer, the 15th Day of April 1779.

Patent Fee per Ann, Augn.e.itatun of their claries per Am, Total Sahry per Ann, Dt<ltJcriirtlvs of *Jh -fc’ 6J. per t'rb w Pc Horn* per Am* Fee* at the Exchequer per Aw, ’ — ha* —,) tr — Te>t^ t or the! *e v ‘ 11 tt£t it) Hb pr r Ann. ' ' e. . ~ Nf t Mui ey ytr yi'rjr. n . - — rr

?nded I d. £ d. £ s. d. 4; s- <* £. s. d: j C‘;i. V-: . J ' £ *'

lame , 4.00Q 1 ~T: — 4,000 — — 300 C: r 300 — — 3,700 -r l

lame - 2,000 — — 500 2,500 187 IO ~ 1 8 — 188 18 rr-_; *»3"

- 2,000 - — — 1,000 — - — , '' 3,000 215 1 — ' 226'-' g *- . J -« . J ;-^773 i* ~

- 8,000 — — 1,500 9,500 I O »-» Cl N 2 16 — " 7*5 6 — IT rr — ‘ 8,784' 14 — fcTH-r-1

John Hug

On

4

s)

o

CQ

N CD Q. Cr

c

r

tv)

-J

To th. honour ,ta Knights* Citizens, an, Burgc(T-ra, in An ACCOUNT *.* — », of the S.»IK „f,he ,udges of%w.

To Edward Willes, Esquire, One of the Judges in the Court of King’s Bench

To Sir William Henry Ashurst - - another -

To Francis Buller, Esquire, - - another -

To Sir Henry Gould, One of the Judges in the Court of Common PJeas

To Sir William Blackstone - - another -

To Sir George Nares - - another -

To Sir Beaumont Hot ham, One of the Barons in the Court of Exchequer

To Sir James Eyre - another -

To Sir Richard Perryn - another -

Memorandum:

The above are the Gross and Net Salaries paid at the Exchequer j bur what other Deductions are made for Land Tax, or Fees, at any other Office, cannot appear to the Officers of the Exchequer.

Patent Fee per Ann.

Augmentation of their Salaries

per A

£ r.

1.500 -

i,5°°-----

i>500 — -

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 —

1 >5°°----

1.500 -

1.500 -

Total Salary per Ann.

£ ir.

2.000 — 2 000 — -

2.000 — a,oo© — ,

2.000 — .

2.000 — .

2,000--- .

2,000---- -

2,000 — -

Deductions of

S t. ptr Lib' on Pensions, &. c. pet Ann.

Fees at the Exchequer per Ann.

150----

I50----

*3>5°°

4»5°° — — 18,000 — _*

1,350----

£> J. d.

I 8 —

X 8 —

I 8 —

I 8 —

I 8 —

X 8 —

z 8 —

I 8 —

12 12 — .

Total of the De-dudions^rr Ann.

£ s- d\

8 —

8 —

*5* 8 -J

*5* 8 — 1

tSl 8 — I

*5* 8 -J

*5» 8 J

ISt 8 — I

*5* 8 —

*>362 12 — J J

Vo

O

w

O

Net Money P‘r Ann.

4 „j*

*848 12 *>848 12

84® 12 — -_

1984.8 12 — m ^1848 12 «« *»®48 12 *>848 i%

1984.8 12 — ^1848 12 -

Jx 6»637 8 &,

Exchequer, the 15th Day of April 1779.

John Hughftn.

OS.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Gross and Net Produce of the Salaries of the Chief Justice, and Second Justice of , and the Six Justices ot Wales.

o

cq'

n'

CD

Q.

cr

To the Chief Justice of Chester ---- To the Second Justice of Chester - ----- To the Chief Justice of Carmarthen, Pem, and Cardigan Shires -To the Second Justice of Carmarthen, , and Cardigan Shires To the Chief Justice of Glamorgan, Breco, and Radnor Shires To the Second Justice of Glamorgan, Brecon, 'and Radnor Shires To the Chief Justice of Carnarvon, Merioneth, and -To the Second Justice of Carnarvon, Merioneth, and Anglesea Patent Fee per Ann Augmentation of their Salaries per Ann. In further Augmentation of their Salaries per Ann. Total Salary per Ann. Deductions of I/.& 6d per Lib. on Pensions per Ann. Fees at the Exchequer per Ann. Total Deductions per Ann. Net Money per Ann.

£. s. d. 73° 5°o 400 — — 400 — — 400 400 — — 400 — — 400 £ s. d. 200 — — 150 150 150 150 i5o — — 150 150 £ s d. 100 — — - 200 200 200 200 200 - 200 200 IM 00*1) Cri Lr\ Ln Ln Ln Cn Co OOOO* 1 1 J II II 1 1 1 1- 1 1 1j 1 1 A- s. d. 92 5 — 63 15 — 56 5 -56 5 — 56 5 — 56 5 — 56 5-56 5 — £ s. d. 2 2 — IO 12 9 12 9 12 ~ 9 12 9 12 — 912 — 9 12 — 1 £ r. d. 94 7 -7+ 7 — 65 17 — 65 17 — 65 17 — 63 17 — 65 17 — 65 17 — 1 J* £ -f. d. ,»135 13 — 775 ‘3 — 684 3 - 0 684 3 ~ 684 3 - 684 3 — if 684 3 - §; 684 3 —

3,630 1,250 1,70° 6,580 — — 493 10 — 70 6 — 563 16 — 6,016 4 —

Memorandum:

The above are the Gross and Net Salaries paid at the Exchequer} but what other Deductions are made for Land Tax, or Fees, at any other Office, cannot appear to the Officers of the Exchequer.

Exchequer, die 15 th Day of April 1779.

John

1 — 1

VO

B: j

Duchcy of

Lancaster

Eftatt*.

Boaneraux*!

Nat.

Laws

relating to

Sewers.

19 Geo. III. 15* — 16* Jprilis.

327

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Gross and Net Produce of the Salary of the Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer*

Patent Fee per Ann. 1 Deduction* of l/. & 6d. per Lit, on Portions, per Annum. Fees at the Exchequer per Annum. Net Money per Annum.

To the Fifth Baron in the Court of Exchequer. £ t. d. 263 6 8 £. s. d. 19 15 — Nil. £. s. d. 243 ix 8

Memorandum:

The above are the Gross and Net Salaries paid at the Exchequer) but what other Deductions are made for Land Tax, and Fees, at any other Office, cannot appear to the Officers of the Exchequer.

Exchequer, the 15th Day of April 1779.

John Hugbfon.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Re/bhed, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of L to iell and dispose of certain Fee Farm Rents and 01 her Rents, and to enfranchised Copyhold and Customary Tenements, within the Survey of the said Duchy.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Ciotk.

Veneris, 16° Aprilis;

Anno 190 Georgii III'" Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

SIR Ralph Payne acquainted the House, That the Gentlemen, appointed to attend Her Majesty with the Congratulatory Meflhge of this House, had attended Her Majesty accordingly) and that Her Majesty was pleased to say.

Gentlemen,

I am much obliged to the House of Commons, for so convincing a Proof of their Duty to the King, and Regard for Me.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Daille without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws now in being relating VoL. 37.

to Sewers; with some Amendments; to which Amende ments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ^.’rl of establishing an Exchange between George Earl of Shrew/- i rt*nt|Ury Ervand ’Thomas Gilbert, Esquire, of divers Lands and Mr. Gilbert’s

Hereditaments in the County of Stafford-, and for the Exchange, other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Wilmot reported from the Committee, to whom Sellon’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Nat, naturalizing John Sellon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilmot do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. '

Sir Thomas Egerton reported from the Committee, parwen to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor Tract of Common or Waste Ground, called Lower Dar- Inclosure. wen Moor, in the Parish of Blackb, in the County Palatine of Lantafter, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands in the said Parish, rated to the Poors Rates at 5/. 10 d. per Annum; and that the whole of the Lands within the said Parish arc rated to the Poors Rates at £.§. I4-r- 2>d.\; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

River

Lee

Navigation.

318 160 dpr'ilis.1779.

veral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed the Creditors under Two Acts of Parliament, of the him to report to the House; and he read the Re- Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, and of the Seventh port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where of the said River, is committed, the Amendments were Once read throughout $ and then

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open' Lhrfe severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pat- Bo«d<* Ordered, That tl^ Bill, with the Amendments, be tures, and Waste Lands, of and within the Manor, Lord- lucJolure-ingrossed. ship, or Liberties, of Bowden, in the County of

Northampton, was read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Bondholders, Annuitants, Re/, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hun-and other Persons, who have advanced and lent Money gerford, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet this upon the Credit of an Act of Parliament, made in the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Chamber, improving the Navigation of the River Lee, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Creditors, was Mr. Hunger ford presented to the House, according toSr Midacr, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, Order, a Bill for establishing certain Payments to be (Coventry)

by the said Act, Trustees were appointed for the Ma- made to the Vicar of the Parish of , in the Tabes,

nagement of the said Navigation, with Power to raise City of , for the Time being, in lieu of Tithes;

Money by Loan and Annuities, secured upon certain and for repealing so much of an Act of the Fourth and Rates and Duties authorized to be collected by the said Fifth of Philip and , as relates to the Payment of Act; and that the Petitioners have advanced several Tithes, in the said Parish: And the same was received;

considerable Sums of Money for the Purposes of the and read the First Time.

said Navigation, for which the said Trustees have given Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Bonds, and granted Annuities, charged on the said Rates

and Duties; and that the Petitioners understand the Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom Edward* Produce of the present Rates and Duties are inefficient the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Will, for Payment of the Interest of the Money lent, and the making the Exemplification of the lad Will and Telia-Annuities granted, as aforesaid, the Payment whereof ment of Mary Edwards, deceased. Evidence in all the hath ceased for some Time, to the great Distress of many Courts of Law and Equicy in Great Britain and,

of the Petitioners, and the utter Ruin of several of the was committed; That the Committee had examined the Annuitants, who have nothing to subsist upon but their Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

Annuities; and that the Petitioners observe, the said and that the Committee had directed him to report the Trustees have applied to the House for a Bill to in- Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and-he crease the present Rates and Duties, in order to relieve delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table, the Petitioners, and to preserve the said Navigation; And the said Bill was read the Third Time, and they find that the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Commons of the City of London, have presented a Pe- Ordered, That Mr. Elzves do carry the Bill to the

tition to the House, alleging, that the Proceedings of Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed the said Trustees have, in several Instances, been im* to the fame, without any Amendment, proper and illegal, and submitting to the House, whether Redress, in respect of any Loss or Injury the The Lord Newhaven, according to Order, reported Tobacc* Petitioners may sustain by Reason of such Proceedings from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the grown ia of the Trustees be not more properly cognizable by Bill to repeal so much of several Acts of Parliament, Ireland, the Courts of Westminster Hall, than by the Legislature; which prohibit the Growth and Produce of Tobacco in and the Petitioners beg Leave to acquaint the House, Ireland, and to permit the Importation of Tobacco, of that they have advanced their Money to Trustees ap- the Growth and Produce of that Kingdom, into Great pointed by Authority of Parliament for carrying on a Britain, under the like Duties and Regulatians as To-great Public Work, and if the Trustees have acted any bacco of the Growth of the British Colonies in,

Ways improper or illegal, the same was totally un- was committed; the Amendments which the Committee known to the Petitioners, who therefore hope they shall had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him not be driven to seek Redress in the Manner l'uggefted to report to the House; and he read the Report in his by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, which. Place; and > afterwards delivered the Bill, with the instead of affording the Petitioners Relief, would, in Amendments, - in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the their Opinion, involve them in greater Difficulty and Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

Distress; and that the Petitioners cannot but observe, that Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-

they think the Contents of the Petition of the said tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, are the more extraor- House.

dinary*, as it appears by the said Act that the Lord Mayor Or, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and Court of Aldermen, together with the Recorder of ingrossed. the City of London, are joined in the same Trust with the Persons whom they have by their Petition charged An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- Brough

with Mismanagement, and consequently might, by a ing and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the ywkr

proper Attendance, have prevented that Mismanage- Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for St*^^oof’

ment they now complain of, and which, the Petitioners repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of pcaV

beg Leave to observe, they might the more easily have Brough under , in the County of

done, as full One Half of the Meetings, since passing by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge, in the

the said Act, were hoJden in or near the City of Lon- said County, was read the Third Time.

don: And therefore praying the House to take the Pre- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

mises into Consideration, and that the said Bill may pass be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

into a Law, and that the Petitioners may not be left to enlarging the Powers, of an Act made in the Twenty-

seek Relief in the Courts in Westminster Hall. sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty for repairing

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and widening the Roads from the East End of Brough Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for under Sin the County of by the preserving the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Coun- End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridget in the said ties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex; and for Relief of County.

14 Ordered,

19 Geo. III. 19* Aprilis.

Ordered, That Central Honywood do carry the Bill to the Lord;, and d.fire their Concurrence.

k le Mr. Owenof Pembroke reported from the Committee,

joaU to whom the Petition of several of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of , and of several Freeholders and Inhabitants whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred;That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. I’/illiam Ford-Janies, Deputy Clerk of the Peace for the County of Pembroke, being examined, said, That the Common Goal belonging to the said County, situate at Haverford IVis too small, and very inconvenient for the Purposes intended; and that the same has of late Years become so ancient and ruinous, that it has been presented by the Justices of Assize, and Fines have been ordered to be levied upon the County, for Want of the same being put into a proper State — That the Situation of the present Goal is low and unhealthy, and the same is too confined; and that he thinks it is absolutely necessary that a new Goal and House of Correction should be built, in a more commodious and healthy Place, which will be of great Public Utility.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Goal and House of Correction for the County of Pembroke: And that Mr. Owen of Pembroke and Mr. Rice do prepare, and bring in the fame.

state*5 Mr. Owen of Pembroke reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Settled Estates of Henry -field, Elcjuirc, situate in the County of Brecon, and for purchalir.g other Estates in the County of Pembroke, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to Report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Owen of Pembroke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Almanacks; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to s«,li"8 . veil the foie Right of printing Almanacks, in that Part friaung.0 Great Britain called England, in the Two Univerli-ties of Oxford and Cambridge, and the Company of Stationers of the City of London, respectively; And that the Lord North, Mr. Croftes, Sir Roger Newdigate, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Page, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Jackfun, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. George Rous, Mr. Morten, and Mr. De Grey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Earl of Shrew fburjr and Mr. Gilbert’s Exchange.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing an Exchange between George Earl of Shrewsbury and Thomas Gilbert, Esquire, of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Burton

unon

Trent

Streets.

Sir Thomas Skipwith presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for Paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Town and Borough of Burton upon Vol 37.

Trent, in the County of Stafford; and for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein;

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account j Account, shewing how the Monies, given for the Dispofiiioit Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Grams-Seventy-eight, have been disposed of; distinguished under their feverat Heads.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders pursuant to Addreflesof this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Account; Money I (Tiled on Addresses*

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account; count of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, Maimeoanc# for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employ- Convicts* ing, Convicts on the River Thames and which have not been made good by Parliament.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in Shaw Hill and by virtue of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Yeat ,0 of the Reign ol King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Melksham, through Googes Lam, Corsham, Bidde-stone, and West Patton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Combe, in the Parish of Castle Combe, in the County of Wilts; and also of several Gentlemen relict ing near and using the said Roads, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 4th Day of February last, Notices were given at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden lor the County of Wilts, and by Advertisements in the public Newspapers published within the said County in the Months of February and March last, or One of them, that Application was making to Parliament for continuing and amending the Act, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House of the 29th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and amending the Powers, of the said Act, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Huffey, See.;

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon person, the 29th Day of March last, that Lieutenant Colonel to attend Henry Hope do, upon Thursday next, attend the Coni- Committee mittee of the whole House, who are appointed to take into Consideration the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. De Grey upon the 19th Day of March last, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the honourable Colonel William ffar~ court do attend the said Committee, upon Thursday Morning next

The Order of the Day-being read, fortbe'House to 4 P Ttfolve

350 16° — 19C

.East India resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to i AtTp-t consider of the several Papers which were presented to i£° the House by Mr. Michel! (from the Directors of the East India Company) upon the 25th Day of February latt;

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. upon the 18th Day of

February, and the 23d and 29th Days of A lad, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr, Michell, upon the 16th Day of May 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Midleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Midleton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Lord Midleton accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That George Lord Pigot, a Member of this House, was, on the 24th day of August 1776, arrested by a Military Force and carried and confined, under a Military Force, at the House of Major Horne, at a Place called The Mount, about Nine Miles distant from the Town of Madrass and Fort St. George, of which he was Governor and Commander in Chief j and that the said George Lord Pigot continued in confinement under a Military Force for upwards of Eight Months, that is, from the 24th day of August 1776, until the 11th Day of May following, when he died.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That George Stratton, Henry Brooke, Charier Floyer, Archdale Palmer, Francis Jturdan, and George Mackay, Esquires, did, on the 23d Day of August 1776, form themselves into a Council, and did confer the Command of the Army and the Garrison of Fort Saint George on Colonel James Stuart, ordering him to arrest the Person of George Lord Pigot, their Governor and Commander in Chief, and to put the Fort, Garrison, and Fort House, under their Command.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Court of Directors of the East India Company have, by Letters of the 4th of July 1777, and of the 23d of December 1778, to their Presidency at Madrass, ordered, that Courts Martial should be held for the Trial of Colonel James Stuart, Colonel Edingtoun, Major Horne, and Captain Lsfaught, for having arrested and confined, under a Military Force, their Governor and Commander in Chief, George Lord Pigot.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an humble Address be pielented to His Majesty, praying His Majesty, that He would be graciously pleased to give Directions to His Attorney General, to prosecute George Stratton, Henry Erode, Charles Floyer, and George Mackay, Esquires, lor ordering their Governor and Commander in Chief, George Lord Pigot, to be arrested and confined under a Military Force; they being returned to England, and now within the Jurisdiction of His Majesty’s Courts of Hall.

The Three First Resolutions of the Committee being severalty read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by thf House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being

Aprilis. 1779.

an Address to be orefented to His Majesty, was read a Second Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourab e Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Three First of the said Resolutions be humbly laid before His Majesty, at the same Ti ne with the said Address.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, T r.at this House will, up Morn- Supply,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- #Q(^^ns ing next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 19* die Apr ills;

Anno 19* Georgii III'" Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

THE Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House,

That their Address of Friday lad (praying His Lonl pigot. Majesty, that He would be gracioufiv |healed to give Directions to His Attorney General, to prosecute George Stratton, Henry Brooke, Charles Floyer, and George Mackay, Esquires, for ordering their Governor and Commander in Chief, George Lord Pigot, to be arrested and confined under a Military Force, they being returned to England, and now within the Jurisdiction of His Majesty’s Courts of West mb',ft er Hall) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

The Lord Hinchingbrook also reported to the House,

That their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty for Account, would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might belaid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from Account; the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Remittances made by the Commissioners of Excise in North Britain to the Commissioners of Excise at London, from 5th January 1777 to 5th July 1778: And also.

An Account of the Remittances made by the Commissioners of Excile in North Britain to the Commissioners of Excise at London, from 5th July 1778 to 5th January 1779.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account* were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The fiid Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed it, at Mr. Milford, from Account; the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended Col!*> at the Door; he was called in; and, at the liar, pie-fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An

i9 Geo. III.

19° A prills.

331

goads.

U*

St. Trinitf

(Covtivrv)

TyuScs.

};/

jv'

*>i

I*

Trmpeft’s

Estates.

Darren

Mo'T

Inclosure.

An Account of the Quantities of Coals and Cinders discharged Coastwayr, and paying Duties at different Ports in Scotland, for Two Years preceding 1777, distinguishing each Year; and also the different Ports from which such Coals and Cinders have been shipped.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Odrered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by Members of the House.

The said Account is pre erved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

Mr. Chcjlifreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for repealing the Acts, passed in the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Years of King George the Second, for amending several Roads leading from the City of

Brftol, and for granting other Powers for that Purpose; and for making and maintaining a new Hoad from the Turnpike Gate near Stokes , in the Horfield Road, to the Turnpike Gate near The Blackbirds, on the Stapleton Road, near the said City, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found t,he same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill j

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Estates, in the Parish of Trinity, in the City and County of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for the better providing of a Maintenance for the Vicar of the Parish of The Trinity, in the City of Coventry; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, there are several Clauses and Provisions contained in the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will be very hurtful to them and others, and very injurious to their Property and Rights: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect their Property, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall leeni meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, the settled Estate of John Tcmpeji, Esquire, situate in the County of Kent, in Trust, to sell the same, and for laying out

the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground, qalled Lower

Vo 1.37.

DarzvenMoor, in the parish of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. I. J. I:

with " to insert " John Cur- Esquire. "

to insert " John to insert " John

Pen broke Goal.

Tobacco

grown in Ireland.

After "

" rer,

Pr. 10. 1. 31. After " Stour ton "

" Currer. "

Pr. 21. 1. 9. After " Stonrton "

" Cnner. "

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground, called Lower Moor, in the Parish of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Egertort do Carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Owen of Pembroke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a new Goal and House of Correction for the County of:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal much of several Acts of Parliament which prohibit the Growth and Produce of Tobacco in Ireland, and to permit the Importation of Tobacco of the Growth and Produce of that V.ing-dom into Great Britain, under the like Duties and Regulations as Tobacco of the Growth of the British Colonies in America, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal so much of several Acts (jif Parliament, as prohibit the Growth and Produce of Tobacco in Ireland, and to permit the Importation of Tobacco, of the Growth and Produce ot that Kingdom, into Great Britain, under the like Duties and Regulations as Tobacco of the Growth of the British Colonies in America is permitted to be imported.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing Wrexham so much of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the *oa<|»

Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for District! amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, as relates to the District of Road from the Town of Ruthin, in in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the Fourth Day of March last, Notices were given at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, and by Advertisements in the Newspaper usually circulated within the said Counties, in the Month of March last, and the present Month of April, or one of them, of Application having been made to Parliament for an Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the " Roads from the Town of Wrexham in the County of

" Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint;

" and from the Town of Mold to Nvrthop, Holywell*

" and Rhuddlan, in the same County; and from thence " to the Ferry House, oppotite the Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to the said Town of Mold, " as relates to the District of Road from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint, ip such

and

19* Aprilis. A. 1779.

and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April *774, relative to Turnpike Bills: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of the said Act: of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the said District of Roads from Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to Mold, in the County of Flint, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Owen of Pembroke, Mr. Rice, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, -at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and1 have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bwnchamp ^fr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to

inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, lying and being within the Manors, Lqrdships, or Liberties, of Beauchamp, Kib~

worth Harcourt, and Smeeton Westerby, in the Parish of Kibworth Beauchamp, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2.5th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been-complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the . Committee (except the Proprietors of Eight Yard Lands and Three Quarters, who declared their Dissents, Seven Yard Lands of which are held under the Warden and Fellows of Merton College in Oxford, who have consented; and allb except the Proprietors of Four Yard Lands and a Half, who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed , consists of 148 Yard Lands, or thereabouts; and . that-no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and 'afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Claxton Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to

nc 0 ure. w|1Qm t|ie gm for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow’s, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Claxton, otherwise Long Clauofon, in the County of Leicester, was committed: That the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;. and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee ( except the Proprietors of Six Oxgangs and Three Quarters of Land, who refused to sign the Billand that -the Lands to be inclosed consist of 169 Oxgangs, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed . him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making the Road from the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington, in the said County so far as the same relates to the Road between the Town of Cocker mouth, and Workington aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the City of in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington, in the said County, lb far as the

lame relates to the Road between the Town of -mouth and Workington aforesaid.

Ordered, That Sir James Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the whole Year Lands and Breeks, Common Fields, Half Year Lands and Heaths, and Commons, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Grim-flon, in the County of Norfolk:And the same was re-

ceived; and read the Fii-ft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Storer reported from the Committee, so whom

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open and Common Fields, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Irthington, in the County of Cumberland, was committed. That the Committee had examined, and found that the StandingOr-ders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee ( except Thirteen Persons, whole Property in the said Parish is of the Annual Value of £. 77. and who live at

considerable Distances from the said Parish, and consequently had not an Opportunity of signing the Consent Bill (the most of them are only Cottagers) and also except Three Persons, who are Minors, whose Property is of the Annual Value of £.43. ior. od-, and also except Three Persons, who laid they would not sign any Writing, but had no Objection to the Business, whole Property is of the Annual Value of f. 79. c od.; and also except One Person, whole Husband gave his Assent, but his Wife’s Father, who has the Estate for his Life, desired him not to sign the Consent Bill, whose Property is of the Annual Value of £. 18. os. od.i and also except One other Person, who was not at Home when Application was made for his Consent, whose Property is of the Annual Value of £. 4. 15;. od.; and that the whole Property of the several Proprietors in the said Parish is of the Annual Value of f. 2,093. 14J. od; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments

Carlisle and Work in^03 Koto.

Onmfton

inclosure.

IrtVm^oa

inclosure.

19 Geo. III.

Amendments were Once read' throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, "Upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with- the Amendments, be

— ingrossed.

Dean Sir Roger Neivdigate reported from the Committee,

Iiiclosure, f0 whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Hamlet of Dean, in the Parish of , in the County of

Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Hou;e, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been comp.ied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same 10 be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also consented, th at the Allotment of Land, in Lieu of Rcftorial and Vicarial Tithes, which is directed in the Bill as presented to the House to be One Sixth Part of the whole Lands intended to be inclo ed, should be limited to One Seventh Part of the le d Lands only; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severaliy put thereupon, were agreed to by ihe House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Officf* Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to £mp*ym»nts *n<3ernn’fy such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offic s and Errp’nyments, and to indemnity Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been loll or mislaid, and for allowing tlum Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And that Mr. Ord and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Pec he!/:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Agreement for varying certain Provisions contained in an Act, ° for made in the Thirteenth Year of the lleign of His Inclosure. present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or TraCfs of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of in the County

Palatine of Durham; without any Amendment: And also,

Dlfroura^e- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for of \TT the more effectual Discouragement of the Crime of u,ery‘ Adultery; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second Time

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Sevennight, the 29th Day of this Inllant

April.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Vol. 37.

333

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Town of Newrastle upon

Tyne, in the County of the Town of upon Tyre,

in Common Council assembled; and all'o the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, and the Tor/11 and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared ro them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, An Act, passed in the Twelfth*Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the " Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, to raise a " competent Sum of Money, to be applied for the repairing, improving, or rebuilding, such Part of Tyne " Bridge as belongs to the See of Durham," was read; whereby certain Trustees were ap; ointed, under the Direction of the Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, and were authorized to raise the Sum of,£. 12,000 for putting the said Act in Execution.

Then an Act, passed in the same Year, intituled,

" An Act for building a Temporary Bridge over the " River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon " Tyne and Gateshead, in the County of was alto read; by which it appear 'd, that the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of Newcastle upon Tyne, were authorized to raise, out of the Monies of the Corporation, the Sum of 2,400 towards the Expence of building the said Temporary Bridge, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; which Act was to continue only for the Term of Seven Years. And,

John fVhoo/er, Esquire, being examined, informed your Committee, That, at the Time the last mentioned Act was passed, it was apprehended that a new Stone Bridge might be built, or the old Stone Bridge effectually repaired, in less Time than Seven Years; but, upon examining the Foundations of the Piers of the old Bridge, it was found necessary to take down Four Arches, which, at the Time of passing the said Act, were deemed sufficient to be left Handing, by which Means the Building of the new Stone Bridge has been retarded, and cannot be completed in left than Three Years.

The W’itnels produced to your Committee, an Extrad from the Corporation Books, by which it appeared that the Corporation had expended, in purchasing various Buildings which flood on that Part of the old Bridge which belonged to them at the Time of the Flood, the Sum of £. 1,838. 9*. 8 which Sum, the

Witness said, was laid out in order to prevent the Public being incommoded by the Building of Houses on the new Bridge.

It further appeared by the Corporation Accounts, That on the 29th of December 1778, there bad been expended and laid out, in building the said new Bridge, the Sum of £. 2 1,042. 16s. 11 d.

And the Witness informed your Committee, That, upon a moderate Computation, the Corporation of Newcastle mull necessarily expend the further Sum of £. 10,000 in the building that Part of the Stone Bridge which belongs to them.

It also appeared by the Corporation Books, That on the 27th of December 1778, the Corporation had also expended, for the Purpose of maintaining the Temporary Bridge, the Sum of £.321. 18 9 more than

had been received from the Tolls taken upon the fame; and the Witness said. That the Tolls cannot be supposed to produce sufficient to reimburse the lame, during the Continuance of the present Act;

4 Q That

Tyne

Tyne

River

Bridge*

Charnaud’s

Nat.

Persons to attend Committee of the House.

The Commons desire leave for a Perr to come to a Committee,

Law*

relating to

Transpoi ution

334 l9* — . 1779.

That the said Temporary Bridge is liable to great " each Person has been imprisoned, together with an Damage from Floods and Ice in the River, and also " Account of the Allowance made for the Maintenance from Keels loaded with Coals passing through the " of such Persons, and in what Manner they are em-fame; and that it would be of Public Utility, that " ployed," and to report their Opinion thereupon to the said Bridge should be supported and kept in Re- the House, be now read, pair until the new Stone Bridge is built. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Witness being further examined, said, That the The House proceeded to take the said Report into Passage to the livid new Bridge both from Gatejhec.d further Consideration.

and Newcastle, is very narrow, and it would be of Pub-

lic Utility if a more convenient Avenue was opened, both to that Part which belongs to the See of,

and to that Part which belongs to the Corporation of H ewe aft U , and it would be it further Utility, if the Buildings,.which flood on that Part of the Stone Bridge which belongs to the See of Durham, were not permitted to be rebuilt; in effecting which several Pur-polls a considerable additional Expence will be incurred.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, passed in the 12th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for building a Temporary Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and in the County of Durham; for completing the new Stone Bridge over the said River, and for making the Avenues to, and the Passage over the lame, more commodious: And that Sir Matthew White Ridley, Sir Jo hit Trevelyan, Sir Thomas Clavering, Sir William Middleton, and Captain Egerton, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Charnaud, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at f ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And the Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, w’ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill lo explain and amend the Laws now in being relating to the Transportation and the Imprisonment of certain Offenders: And that Sir Charles Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Eden, Sir Gilbert Elliot, and Mr. Popham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Votwat Reading of the Bill to remove certain Difficulties re- County lative to Voters at County Eledionsi Elections.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Scvennight.

A Motion was made, and the Quest on being put, Motion That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, respefunj that He will be graciously pleased to remove from His *he Ei.riof Presence and Councils John Earl of Sandwich, on Ac- WIC count of the general ill State of the Navy under his Administration at the most critical Seasons >

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { Timas T^nJisaJ, j,8

Tellers lor the Noes, { J 24-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Lieutenant General Sir Guy Carleton do, upon ThurJ'day Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, who are appointed to take into Consideration the several Papers which were presented to the House, by Mr. Do Grey, upon the 19th Day of March last, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Right honourable the Earl of Bal-carras do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Colonel Kingston do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply* ing, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole " can* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire that their Lorclships will give Leave to the Earl of Harrington to come to a Committee of this House on Thursdaynext, which are appointed to take into

Consideration several Papers presented to this House, containing the Correspondence between His Majesty’s M i lifters and Sir William Howe, to be examined relative to the Subject Matter of several Papers which have been referred to the said Committee, containing the Correspondence between Lord George Germain and Lieutenant General Butgoyne.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Townshend do carry the said Message.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider the several Returns which have been made to the Order of tin- House, of the 16th Day of December last, " That " there be laid before this House an Account of Persons convicted of Felonies or Misdemeanors, and " now under Sentence of Imprisonment in the Gaols " and Houses of Correction in the City of London, and " the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, Herts, Surrey,

" and Sussex, specifying their respective Crimes, the " Time when, the Term for which, and by what Court, *7

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mari is, 20° die Slprilis;

Anno 19" Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1779-Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Cn.fkyf rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Wriu Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade in the County of Wilts, in the room of> Arnold Nesbitt,

Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ^^ for establishing an Exchange between Earl of

Shrewsbury, and Thomas Gilbert, Esquire, of covers and Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Mr. Gilocru

and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read c a"*t' a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Bagot, Mr. Salisbury Brereton, &c. 1 And they are to meet this afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in ti.e Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir

19 GEO.HI. 40° Aprilis.

335

Wrexium Road; Ruthin Diflria.

Vt

c

1

i."

1

South

Bedford

Level

Drainage.

Sir Wat kin Williams Wynn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for executing so much of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping 1:1 Repir, certain Roads in the Counties of high and Flint, as relates to the District of Road from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of , to the

Town of Mold, in <he County of whole Names

arethereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Placei and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as tollow-eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several printed Newspapers were produced to your Committee, dated the 23d and 30th Days of March last:, and the 6th Day of this lnstant wherein

Notices of an Application made to Parliament, for an Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon, so far as relates

to the District of Road from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the d own of Mold, in the County of Flint, aie inserted, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House, upon the 4th Day of March last. And,

Air. FoulkRoberts produced to your Committee,

Copy of a Notice of the said Application, which lie law affixed on the Doors of the Session Houses of the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, at the last Sef-

ffons, agreeable to the Leave of the House, granted as aforesaid.

The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon the 4th Day ot March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Ret it ion of Sir Wil-

hams Wynn, Baronet, on Bchalt of himself, and other Trustees for executing (o much of an Act, nude in the Thirtieth \er.r of the Reign of his Majesty King the Second, for widening and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the Counties of Denbigh and as relates to the Roads leading from the Town of to

Nat hop, Holywell, and Rhuin the County of

Flint, and from thence to the Ferry House, opposite the Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon, and from Ruthin to the said Town of Mold, was referred, might be again read.

And the tame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road horn tLie Town of Wrexham, in the " County of Denbigh, to P Bridge, in the County of Flint, and from the Town of Mold to ‘ Holywell, and Rhudd/an, in the same County, and " from thence to the Ferry House, opposite the Town " of Conivay, in the County of Carnarvon, and from " Ruthin to the said Town of Mold," as relates to the District of Road from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint: And that Sir WatkinWilliams Wynn, Sir Roger Mojlyn, and Air. Salvsbury Breretcn, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Air. Anguish and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving

Vol. 37.

certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam, otherwise Grant, Weil, and the Hard Lands of,

Syoaffham Bulbeck, and Swajsham Prior, East; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of C'onfervators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to (ell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called invested without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act to impower certain Persons to infranchise divers Copyhold and Customary Lands and Tenements, within the several Manors or Lordships of Titchfdd, Lee, Marks, and MirabelI Crofton, and Newland, in the County of Southampton; and for other Purpoi'es therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of thi$ House.

And then the Messengers, withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords wastead the Fir-ft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a, Second Tirpp.

Mr. Thomas Townshend reported; That he had> according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire that their Lordships will give Leave to the Earl of Harrington to come to a Committee of this House on Thursday next, which are appointed to take into Consideration several Papers presented to this House, containing the Correspondence between His Majesty’s Alinifters and Sir William Howe, to be examined relative to the Subject Matter of several Papers which have been referred to the said Committee, containing the Cortelpondence between Lord George Gremain and Lieutenant General Burgoyne\ and that their Lordships gave for Answer, that they would fend an Answer by Messengers of their own

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants of the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlefx, refulirg in the low ns of Hertford

and Ware, and in other Parts of the said Counties, adjoining to the River Lee, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for preserving the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Ef-sex, and Middlesex, and for Relief of the Creditors under Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty: and of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the said River; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are fur-prized to find that, by the said Bill, additional Tolls are intended to be laid on Goods conveyed upon the said River, for the Support of the Navigation ot which, such ample Provision has been already made by Two former Acts; and that the Petitioners do not entertain the least Doubt, but that every Idea of an additional Burthen upon Trade and Commerce will be reprobated by the House, except in such Cales where the Necessity of such additional Burthen is made apparent, and is calculated for the Benefit of the Subject, and not created by the Neg’eft and improper Management of Powers under former Acts; and repreftnting to the House, that the Petitioners have been informed, and doubt not but they can make it appear, that a proper Attention to the Management of the Trust would have entirely prevented any leaning Necessity for an Increaleof Toll; and that proper Regulations, attended with Oeconomy, would ftiil probably enable the Trustees to iup-port the Navigation of the River Lee, without impeding any additional Burthen upon ti e Subject; and the Petitioners submit to the Consideration of the House, that, if any Sums of Money have been borrowed without proper Authority from the Trustees, or contrary to the Powers of the said former Acts, Redreis seems more

proper

Titchfidh

&c.

infranchise-

ment.

The Lords, Answer to Message from the Commons.

Ttiver Lee

Navigation.

River Lee Navigation.

336 ao° A prills. A. 1770.

proper to be applied for in the Courts of Hall, than to be made a Pretence and Foundation of laying an additional heavy Burthen upon the Petitioners, and others concerned in the Navigation of the River Lee; and that, burthened as the Petitioners are with the present Tolls, they hope from the Justice of the Le-giflature that additional Tolls will not be laid, in a great Measure, upon the necessary Commodities of Life which are conveyed by the said Navigation to the Cities of London and Westminster, unless the proper and due Application of the present Tolls shall have been first sufficiently proved, and the Necessity of the Increase thereof to arise, not from the improper Conduct of the Trustees, but from the Advantage which will occur to the Petitioners, and others, from the further Improvement of the said Navigation; and that the propoted Increase of Toll, so far from answering the Intention of the Promoters of the Bill, will probably, by the increased Burthen upon Trade and Commerce, tend to destroy, instead of promoting, the Support and Increase of the Navigation of the said River, especially as the Tolls do and must chiefly arise from many of the most necessary Articles of Life: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as will affect the Petitioners, and

that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said B:il is committed; and that tie Petitioners be heard by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1778, has been disposed of, dil-tinguished under the several Heads, until the 2Cth Day of April 1779; and the Parts remaining unlatisfled, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth; viz.

Accounts; Dispofiuoa

i><

CrunU

Ui

vi

An

D

eg'

r — h

N'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

c2

?T

ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1778, has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads; until thezothDay of 1770* and

.vthe Parts remaining unlatisHed, with the Deficiency thereupon. '/y*

f?

SERVICES.

£. *.

For Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 60,000 Men, including 11,829 Marines, from the ift I Day of January 1778 . - - - - - - -2,964,000 — —

J For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1778 - ... - - - 389,200 16 —

> \ Towards the buildings. Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other extra Works, over and above £ what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1778 - 488,695 — —

For the Support and Relief of Seamen woru out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, not provided for in Greenwich

Hospital -.....4,000 — —

Towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy . - - - - 1,000,000 — —

|Tor Ordnance Sea Service - -

For Ordnance Land Service - -

For defraying the Expence of Service performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in *777 -

£ * 156,000 — — 382,816 2 8

300,483 13 10

wT.

1<

For defraying the Charge of 20,057 effective Men for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain. Jersey, and Gutrnfty, for the Year 1778 - - ,

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Noma Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, The Ceded 1 (lands, and Af ica, for the Year

1778 - - - ... - - - - r - - - - -....

For defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and brtjh Establishment of One'Regiment of Light Dragoons,

and Six Regiments of Foot, Iprving in North *4nwiea, for the Year 1778 - -- -....

For the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1778 -

Towards defraying the Charge of the Out- Pensioners of Chelfa Hospital, for the Year 1778 - -- -- - _ „

For the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1778 - - - -- - - 90,939 15 —

For defraying the Charge fur Allowances to the several Officers and-Private Gentlemen of Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the iuperannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1778 - -

For Penfkms to the Widows of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’a Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1778 - -

For defraying the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty's Forces, from their respective Commenceufents to the 24th Day^of December 1778 - - - , > . - . - -

For defraying the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from their respedHve Commencements to the 24th of D#«

Combn 1778 - , -r, , - ~!; - - -r

For defraying the Charge of ftyeral Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of March 1778 to the 24rh of December following ——

For defraying the Charge o,f the embodied Militia of the several Counties of South Britain, from the 26th of March 1773 to thr 24th of December fallowing, bmh inclusive - - - -

For defraying the Charge of additional Clothing for the embodied Militia, for the Year 1778 - - ’ J;

For defraying the Charge of Three Regiments of Fencible Men, to be forthwith raised in North Britain, from the 25th of April 17 78, to the 24th of December folloning, both Days inclusive - - —

For defraying the Charge of Five Hanovaian B-maiions of Foot at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for PiOvisions for the Three Battalions of the said Troops at Gibraltar, for the Year 1778 ——

F01 defraying the Charge of 1 a,472 Men* of the Troops of the Landgrave of Ueffi Cajjfel, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 177$ - - - " -

For defraying the Charge of Two Regiments of Hauan, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1778 -To rrake good a Deficiency in the Sums voted Jalt Session of Parliament, for the Regiment or ChaflVurs of Hanau, to 24th of Veceniber 1777 For defraying the Charge, of $ Regiment of Foot of HraUeck, in the Pav of Great Britain, together wit* the Subsidy, for the Yrar 1778 For defraying the Charge of 4,300 Me»H- the Troops of the Reigning Duke o\ Bi un/wich, in the Pay of Great B, it am, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1778, - V - - - - '

For defraying the Charge of 1,241 Men, the Troops of the Margrave of Brandenbitrgh Anfpaek, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year ‘778 -----....

634,440 3 11

960,843 18 9

5*»923 1 6

",473 18 H

03,431 x5 5

9°»939 XS

7" — 5

*38 — —

286.632 f4 6

18,895 5 2

00 O CM O *4 1

402.622 9 — '

37.559 7 6

43.608 2 —

56»°74 *9 A\

3^7,203 9 10

3S.4+1 *9-

1.645 1 7 i

17,3 ?o 8 2)

93.947 M 8

34-o7 2 12

Sums voted.

4.

+845.595 >6 —

839,199 16 6

4»779*‘S« «l M

839»*99 6

Remains to be paid.

jC*

fc>,74+ 4 3I

19 Geo. III. 20" .

D

eg'

r+

N'

0

Q_

cr

ro

p For defraying the Charge of a Corps of lufantry of Anhalt Zerbjl, including Artillery, in rb

\ For defraying the Charge of Provisions for the Foreign Troops serving in North America, ir

rhe Pay of Erre«f in the Year 1778

~| V~ . - - . - in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1778 -

For defraying the Charge of Artillery for tire Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for-the1 Year 1778 - 1 -

fc> I Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 31st Day of

January 1777 and the ift Day of February 1778, and not provided for by Parliament , - - - _ . . _ 1,406,9*3

18,071

'47*1(10 27,379

12

x3

£ I

3

8

4f

For the Expences of the new Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, for the Year 177B -

For the Charges of the Civil Eilab.iflimept of the Island of Saint John, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the iff oi January 1778 to the 1 ft of January 1779 - - - .

For the Charges oi the Civil Establishment of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the feme, from the 24th of June 1777 to the 24th of June

1778 - - - . -

For maintaining, and supporting the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1778 - - ’ -

For the Charges of ,the pivil Eihblishment of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 14th of June 1777 to the 24th of June J7/8 . - - - .

For rbe Charges of the Civil Establishinept of brefi Florida* and other incidental Expencee. attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1777 to the 24th of June 1778 - - " - " - . -

For (be Civil Establishment of the {Government of Sentgambia^ for the Year *773 -

For defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in-North America, for the ‘Year 1778 - - . - - .

For repairing, maintaining, and (importing, the BritjJk Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Afri&a - -

To make good the like Sum issued by His Majesty’s Orders, 10 be applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American' Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment *0 His Majesty’s Government - -

7"o make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been iflhed by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses.*- . - -

To replace the like Sum, blued by His Majesty’s Orders to Mr Duncan Campbell, for the Rxpence of confining, maintaining, and employing, ConviHs, On the River Thames ——

-To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund, for* paying Annuities granted Anno 1758, on the 5 til Day of July 1777 - - . - - ’ - - - - "

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Servic^of foe Year 1776, at Lady Day 1778 ‘ .

i To maljf good the Deficiency of the^Lpnd Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1776, at Michaelmas 1778 - * *- - - w

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year. 1777 - -

Towards thejextraordinary Expence of-His Majesty’s Mint, pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii 31,1 - - - "

For defraying the extraordinary Exigences incurred in calling in and receiving the deficient Gold Coin of this Kingdom, in pursuance of Two Alls, made in the 13 b a/»d 14th Years of His Majesty’s Reign, an/d of the several Proclamations issued for that Purpose - - ~ ,.m " *

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of £ 1,500,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out 'by virtue of an Act 17* Georgii jfo* arid charged upon the First Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1778, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same *- -

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of £. i,oooo, oco in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of one other AH, 170 Georgii 3d1, and charged upon the First Aids, granted forjhe Service of the Year 1778* together with the Interest and Charges attending the same - " - - - ’ - ~ -

To Mr.(EJwpr4 Mooted 3* a final Compensation for hi* Pains, Trouble, and Expend, during an Employment of 13 Years, in compiling a General Index to the Journals of jbefjouCe of Commons - - - " - - - " -

To the iLeycfeiid Mr. Fcrjfer, as a,fipal Compensation fur his- Paine, Trouble* and Expence, during an Employment of 8 Years, in compiling a General Indetf to’the journais o7 the House of Commons -

To the Reverend DoHor Roger Flaxman, as a final Compensation for his Pains, Trouble, and Expence, during an Employment of 9 Years, in compiling a General Index, to’the Journals of the House of G0|nmo,1$ * ’ - - - - " - - - . - " - -

To Mr. Cunningham, in Pact of his Payment, for his Pains, Trouble, and Expence, in compiling a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons To the Gover nor and Cqmpapy of «ht* Bank of England, to be by them drftributed and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of the several fortunate Tickets in the Lottery, ertabjiflied py 30 AH 180 Georgii -; . -

For Dilcoimt on prompt Payments, alter ;the Rate of £.3 per Cent, per /fnnwh, \o the Contributors of £. 6,000,000 for Annuities, and of ^*.480,000 for a Lottery - - - . - - - . -

To the Bjnk of England, for i^Pfiving, -paying, and accounting for, the said £. 6,000,000, and £. 480,000

For t ie C barges antd Expen^n aite^ding the preparing and drawifjg the Lottery, and f«>r taking ia Tickets, and delivering oiit Certificates in lieu thereof, exclusive of £. io, hjo arisen by granting 217 Licences, at £ 50 each, to Ke< pers ut Lottery Offices, pursuant to an Act of last Session -To enable His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to incurred, on Account of Military Services, for the Year 1778, and to take all such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require - - - - _ _

Towards satisfying the Services unpaid, A *

Th^re remains i« the Exchequer, in Cefh| of t)h« Sinking Pul|d: *

4.833,666 15 II{ 4,831,666 IJ Ilf

6^98 ia s 6,998 12 5

3,200 3,200

1,866 a.866

4,701 10 5 4,701 10 5

4-PSo 4.950

4,900 4,900

5,550 5.55°

*»37* 2,272 — —

3rf.OO — — i3,uoo — —

56680 2 6 56,680 2 6

19,100 — — 19,100 — —

9/375 3 r 1 9,075 3 11

43^*1 10 9| 43,621 10 9J

>70^092 1^. _ 170,092 14 —

*74685 11 yj *74,685 11 7}

3h9j 7^ j8>4?3 7$

6$S* >9 8J 6,852 19 8£

,05*2*7 8 3 105,227 8 3

*'54»»364 13 — 4 1,541,364 13 —

1,020622 n| 1,0*0,622 — 11J

6,400 — — _ 6,400 — —

3,000 — — 3.oooo — —

3>°oo — 3,000 — —

500 — 500 — —

4Sojoooo _ 4804300 — —

.68,784 iQ , 68,784 18 11

Si*34 15 — 5,834 ii ~

i,»oo — _ -

1,000,000 . - 1.000,000 ~ —

5.4*1,835 (2*^ 15,3 53.S91 3$

Deficiency of Ways and Means to answer the Serrices

tA>

OO

100

1,too — —

67^944 4 33

1,206 -> ~

6,744 4 33

%o° Aprilis. A. 1779.

O

I"*

Ln>

W AYS* anti MEANS towards answering the fame; Viz*

£* A

2,000,000 -

7> o,oco — — 6,000,000 — — 48?oco — —

703,7.0 l8 5*

2, ir 6,209 1 H

6.000 — —

I.678 7 4

4.9.~6 *7

4^825

1,500,000 — —

1,0^0 000 — ---

500,^00 — — 37,921 3 10

87,690 — —

By 4 fi. per Li. on LantH

Bv tf.e Malt i.uties continued Ann*.778.

By An unities.

By a Lottery.

Remaining in the Exchequer of the Sinking Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, on the 5th Day of y^j I 1778.

Of the firurc Produce of the 1 aid Sinking Fund.

Of Monies arisen by Sale of Land* in the Ceded Islands.

Out of the Produce of the Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic*

Of Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for Disposition of Parliament.

Remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of Jfril 1778^ of the Deduction* of 6d. in the Pound, out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Peuftonf, and Annuities, &c* from the Crown.

By Exchequer Bilb, to be charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

By Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

By Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

Out of Savings ariltng from the Pay of His Majesty’s National Troops, in the Hands of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

Out of Savings arifirg from the Pay of sundry Regiments of Foot, in the Hands of the Pay matter General of His Majesty’s Forces,

1* 1 g

6'>,74V 4 3 iDeficiency o/ Way* an<l Mean* >5-4*',8)5: »z 7i

CD

Mem*

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow, viz*

£ x* d*

For the late Marine Regiments - - 10,506 5 2$

For the late African Company’s Creditors - - - - 900 12 10

F >r Georgia Bills, Residue of £, 15,496. 191. l£r/. ---- 570 17 7*

Towards building a Lazaret ------ 5.000 — — .

For Compensation to Francis Dolby* for certain Damages sustained by him - - 6,195 8 II

For the Civil liftabli foment of Scnegam&ia, for the Year 1776 - - - - 5,550 — "

*8,7*3 4 6$

Prefeatdt this zoth Day of April 1779, by me

fV, Speer.

Osr

'O

ao° — 2i

o.

340

Ordered, That the said Account do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Bounty Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Linens- to re^ve lnt0 a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp from the Kingdom of , for a

Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfc.f into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Minchin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Minchin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Irthinjton An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-

Jndofure. closing, the several Open and Common Fields, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Irthington, in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open and Common Fields, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Storer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for establishing certain Payments, to be made

Tythe.y to the Vicar of the Parish of Saint Michael, in the City of Coventry, for the Time being, in Lieu of Tithes; and for repealing so much of an Act of the Fourth and Fifth of Philip and Mary, as relates to the Payment of Tithes in the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Claxton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the

Inclosure. Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Claxton, otherwise Long Clawfon, in the County of was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, '1 hat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of , otherwise Long

Clawfon, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bifli-nting The House, according to Order resolved itself into

Mmillers a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for

SdiWmaflers. the further Relief of Protestant Dissenting Ministers and School-masters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 2Sth Day of this Instant April.

Dochy of The other Order of the Day being read;

T*iiaufCr Reived, That this House will, upon Morn-

Aprilis.

A- 1779.

ing next, rrfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain Fee Farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements, within the Survey of the said Duchy.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

1 1

-1

Mercurii) 21° die Aprilis;

Anno i9* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

COLONEL Grenville reported from the Com- Bitnaa mittee, to whom the Bill For dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, H"iCOt Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the ucl°,urc’ Parishes and Liberties of Bierton and in the County of Bucks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the leaving out One of the Commissioners named in the said Bill, and inserting another in his Stead (except the Proprietors of 158 Acres and 3 Perches, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 9 Acres and 2 Roods, who declared themselves Neuter; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed, consists of 2,585 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and tint the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with* the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by thejloufe; and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. _ ’

The Lord Trentham reported from the Committee, Tlrenfor

to whom the Bill for reducing into One Act of Parlia- Road, ment the several Laws n< w in Force for repairing the Road leading from the Town or Village of to thfe most Northern Part of Talk the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford-, and for repair-: ing the Road from Dari if. one Bridge, over Heath, through the Town or Village of Tittenfr aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee liad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Lund the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-unto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; arid afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Matthew White Ridley preferred to tire House, Tyne Rim

according bridge.

V

5- i

b ’*

‘ -a

r>

u

0

0

3

X

19 Geo. III. 2i°

Chamand's

Nat.

Scotch Comt of Exchequer.

Clifford

Chambers

Ia.lofure.

water's

EiUief.

Supply.

according to Order, a BiH for enlarging the Term of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His prel'cnt Majesty’s Reign, for building a Temporary Bridge over the River Tyne* between the Town of Nevocafile upon Tyne and Gaiejl.ead, in the County of Durham; for

completing the new Stone Bridge over the said River, a:ui for making the Avenues to, and the Passage over, the same more commodious; And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Rfclved, that the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Klines, reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act for naturalizing James Char stand, was committed; That the Committee liad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found tire same to be true} and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the desk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the B:ll do pals.

Ordered \that Mr. lilwes, do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, tliar this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for settling and establishing a Court of Exchequer in the North Part of Great Britain called Scotland’* by altering the Martinmas and Candlemas Terms in the said Court was read a Second Time.

Resolveed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

ReJ'.hed, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Chesterreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and incioling the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Pari 111 of CliffordChambers, in the county of,

was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to Ire true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the lloule; and lie read the Report in his Place; and aherwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question i'everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Bowater, Esquire, during his Life, and after his Death the Guardian or Guardians of his Issue Male by the honourable Frances Bozvater his Wife, during their respective Infancies, to grant Building Leases of his Settled Estates at Wo and Charlton, in the County of Kent; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Vol. 37.

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That tlse Estimate of the Charge of forming Three Regiments of Light Dragoons, of 411 Men each, out of the Light Troops belonging to the Regiments of Dragoon Guards and Dragoons in Great Britain, including the Charge of bringing General Eliott’s and Lieutenant General Burg Regiments to the like Establishment, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of an Augmentation to a Corps of Royal Highland Emigrants serving in North America, from 25th May 1779 to 14th December following, both inclusive, being 214 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. %

Ordered, That the Report be received To-moirow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day seven-nig.hr, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Minchin, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp from the Kingdom of Inland, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordaed, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commom Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands in the Manor and Hamlet of Dean, in the Parish of ,in the County of Oxford, was read the Third lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Hamlet of Dean, in the Parish of Speisbury, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Ndo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the lleign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Elton, through the Town of zvich, and by Spittle Hill, in Stanthorn, to Bridge; and from Spittle Hill to the Town of Northwich, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

4 S ,be,

Hemp

imported from

Ireland.

Dean

Incioiure,

Spann

Smithy,

Roads.

Cranage

Inclosure.

Way* and Means.

Militia

Laws.

Bierton

and

Hulcot

Inclosure.

Lei re

Inclosure.

342 21* — 22'

be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann in the

Township of Elton, through the Town of Middlewich, and by Spittle Hill, in Stanthorn, to Bridge-,

and from Spittle Hill to the Town of Northwick, in the County Palatine of Chester.

Ordered, That j\lr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dertre their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Township of

Cranage, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds, Within the Township of Cranage, in the County Palatine of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the.House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the S«pply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven night, refoive itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in being relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair;

Mr. Hartley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hartley reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 29th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 220 die Aprilis;

Anno 19" Georgii III’11 Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parishes and Liberties of Bierton and in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands and Commonable Places, within the Parishes and Liberties of Bierton and Hulcot, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Colonel Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hungerfordreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields of Leire, in the County of Leicester

’ Aprilis. A 1779.

was committed; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclol'ure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfactiou of the Committee (except the Owners of 3 Yard Lands and a Half; and that the Whole of the Property intended to be inclosed, consists of 31 Yard Lands and a Half; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Sir William Wake, Baronet, on Behalf, of hlmself and the Heirs or Assigns of Peter F/oyer Esquire, late of Sltinfield, in the County of , deceased, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner observes, that a Bill is depending for preserving the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and -

/ex, and for Relief of the Creditors under Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, and of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the said River; whereby it is proposed, that feme additional Rates and Duties should be laid upon Goods passing upon the said River, which Rates and Duties may greatly affect the Property and interest of the Petitioner, already severely injured by the Act of Parliament which passed in 1767: And therefore praying, That the Whole of the Premises may be taken into Consideration, and that he may be heard, by Counsel, before the Committee on the said Bill, and that such Relief may be granted to him as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is committed -r and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, Upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Monday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections, upon that Day Sevennighr, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 30th Day of this instant April, at Twelve of the Clock.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of in the County of Derby, was committed That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Houses, having Common Right, and of

River Lee Navigation.

Votes at

County

Elections.

Ashorer

Inclosure*

19 Geo. III. 12° Aprilis.

343

cf 100 Acres of Land, who could not be found; and the Proprietors of 11 such Houses, and 103 Acres of Land, who refuted to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of such Houses is 259, and the whoJe Number of Acres of Land intended to be inclosed is 4,376; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed' him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Pi ter; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment*, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Am ndments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queflton levo;.lily pm thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be intruded.

The House being informed that M from Account;

the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant on Addrefie*. to their Address to His Majesty.

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Mr. Hughfon also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Account; Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining. Maintenance and employing, Convids on the River Thames, and ConviA*. which have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the T itles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followecli; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which hare been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to the Addrefils of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Henry Hughs, Gentlemen, to defray the Expence of printing 1,500 Copies of the General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons -

To John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of the House of Commons -

To George IVLite, Esquire, for defraying the Remainder of the Expences incurred by him, for bullness done by the Authorities of the House of Commons, relating to the Enquiries into the State of the Poor of this Kingdom -

To Kenton Coitfe, Esquire, Secretary to His Majesty’s Board of Works, towards ad-

ditional Works at the Prison of the Marshalsea of the Court of King’s Bench -To HejierCountess of Chatham, Richard Earl Temple, and Charles Lord Camden, who are

appointed Executors under the Will of the late Earl of Chatham, to be by them applied towards paying off and discharging several Mortgages, and other Debts, incurred by him, and remaining a charge on his Estate -

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof -

To Thomas Lord Pelham, Mailer of His Majesty’s Great Wardrobe, to clear the Expence of the Funeral of the late Earl of Chatham in that Office -

To George Augugus Se/tzyn, Esquire, Paymaller of His Majesty’s Works, on Account of the Funeral of the late Earl of Chatham -

To George Rice, Esquire, Treasurer of His Majesty’s Chamber, to enable him to pay Four Warrants for Allowances and Disbursements, on Account of the Funeral of the late Earl ot Chatham ——

To him more, to enable him to satisfy a Warrant for Gilt Plate, Nails, &c. for the Coffin of the late Earl of Chatham -

To him more, to be paid to Mr. John B, a Statuary, to enable him to proceed in eroding a Monument in Westminster Abbey, to the Memory of the late Earl of Chatham - -

£ *- d

I,jOo-----

800 — —

500-----

4,000 — —

20,000 -

543 7 —

2,882 11 7

332 6 6

83* 7 7

78 10 —

1,500 — —

£.32,968 2 8

Exchequer, the 2 ad Day of April 1779.

John Hughfon.

Vol. 37.

To

344

A. 1779.

224 Aprilis.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid to Duncan Esquire, for the Expence ol confining,

maintaining, and employing, Conyifts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

THE Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, , and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of

Thirteen thousand Five hundred and Eighty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings.

Exchequer, the 2ad Day of April 1779]

'John

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Shaw Hill Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom c *° the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in RnuT anc^ virtue of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Melksham, through Googes , Corjliam, Biddestone, and Wesi Yatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Combe, in the Parish of Castle Combe, in the County of Wilts, and also of several Gentlemen residing near and uling the said Roads, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several printed News-ptpers were produced to your Committee, of the 8th, 15th, and 22d, of March last, wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Powers, and amending the said Act, are interred, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House upon the Fourth Day of February lad. ftnd

Paid Newman, Esquire, being examined, said. That a written Notice >(the said Application had all'o been affixed on the Door of the Sessions House for the County of Hills, at the lad Sessions, agreeable

’to"the Leave of the House granted as aforesaid. And the Witness further added. That it will be necessary to make some Alteration in the Tolls, and to give some additional Powers, particularly for widening some Parts of the Hoad, and for felling the old Road.

The House was moved, That the Report, which upon the 4th Day of February lad was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Lord William , Ezekiel

Esquire, Paul Newman, Esquire, Robert , Gen-

tlernan, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That J^eave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth 1i ear of the Reign of King George the Second, for amending, widening and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Pari lb of Melksham, through Googes Lane, Corsham, Biddestone, and West Yatton, to

the Turnpike Road at Upper Combe, in the Parish of Castle Combe, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Goddard, Mr. Penruddock, Mr. enfon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Creditors, Trustees, and others concerned in an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Lantrijjent and alto the Road ¥ leading from Newbridge to a Place called the Old M Furnace, all in the County of Glamorgan," whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the iSth Day of February lad. Notice was given at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Glamorgan, and by Advertisements in the Public Newspapers circulated within the same County, in the Months of February and March lad, or One of them, of the Application to Parliament for an Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such and like Manner ns are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the 25th of April 1774, of Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills: And therefore praying, Tirat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Anthony Bacon, Mr. Rice, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualification within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and 20 Officers

Offices

Employ

Wrexham

to

Fenire

Roth.

Bowater’s

Liiate.

Gray’s Inn Lane Turnpike,

19 Geo. III. 22* Aprilis.345

Officers in Cities, Corporations, arid Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Taw, or having been damped, have been loft or miflairl, and for allowing them Time to provide Atlmillions duly damped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make at d file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And the same was received; an t read the Fird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir IValkin WilliamsfVym presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of fi> much of an A<d, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening,

" and keeping in P.epair, the Roads from the T*wn of " Wrexham ,in the County of Denbigh, to " Bridge, in the County of Flint, and from the Town

" of M-Jtd, to Northop, llolyivell, and in tie

" same County, and from thence to the Ferry,

" oppofire the 1’own of Conway, in the County of narvon, and from Ruthin to the said Town of Mold," as relates to the Didridl of Road from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint: And the same was received; and read the Fird Time.

Rfo'ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingro fil'd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Bowater, Esquire, during his Life, and after his Death, the Guardian or Guardians of his Issue Male by the honourable Frances Bowater his Wife

during their retpedtivr Infancies, to grant Building Leases of his Settled Estates at Woolwichand Charlton, in the County of Kent; was read the Fird Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Serjeant Adair reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Builders and Occupiers of Houses, in S Street, A Con Street, Cor.JHiution Row, and several other Streets and Places, situated on the Side of, or near to, the Turnpike Road leading from the North Bind of Gray's Lane, to the New Road near Battle Bridge, in the Parish of Saint eras, in the County7 of Middlesex, as also of the several Inhabitants in Cray's Inn Lane, Lamb's Conduit Street,

Red Lion Street, Red Lion Square, Queen's Square, Ormond Street, Mui'man Street, James Street, Bedford Roiv, King's Road, John Street, Hatton Garden, Gray's Inn, and other S.reets, Squares, and Places, thereabouts, who have Occasion to travel or pass by Way of Gray's Inn Lane Road, and the New Road, to the Ead End of the City of London, and to the Great Road, as also to the Edgware Road, near Paddington, and to the Great Wedern Roadj and also, the Petition of the Treasurers, Governors, and Truflet s, of the Society for supporting a Charity School lor the Maintenance, Education, and Apprenticing out, of the Poor Children of Welsh Parents, born in and near London, who have no Parochial Settlement here; and also, the Petition of the Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint George, Blooms-bttry, in the County of Middlef, on Behalf of themselves and the red of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and also, the Petition of the Iledlor, Churchwardens, and other Officers, of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, on Behalf of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and also the Petition of Cults Barton, Doctor of Divinity, Dean of Brfiol, and Rest or of Saint Andrew's, Holborn, the Churchwardens and other Officers of the Upper, Lower, and City, Divisions of the said Parish, for and on the Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Divisions j and also, the Petition of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for Vol. 37.

the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Wetman presented to the House, according to Idbury, Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and jnc^re Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, of Idbury, Bowld, and Fofcott, within the Manor and Parish of Idbury, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as fol-loweth; viz

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Two hundred and Forty-six Pounds Five Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Charge of forming Three Regiments of Light Dragoons, of Four hundred and Eleven Men each, out of the Light Troops belonging to the Regiments of Dragoon Guards and Dragoons in Great Britain, including the Charge of bringing General Eliott's and Lieutenant General

or*.

Burgoyne's Regiments to the like Establishment, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Refo ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand One hundred and Thirteen Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of an Augmentation to a Corps of Royal Highland Emigrants serving in North America, from the Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both Days inclusive, being Two hundred and Fourteen Days.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Duchy of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Lancaster upon the Bill to enable the Chancellor and Council of E^tate’' the Duchy of Lancaster, to sell and dispose of certain Fee-Farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within the Survey of the said Duchy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House w 11, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 30th Day of this Infiant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Auctioneers* Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Licence*, intituled, " an Act for granting to His Majesty, certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Per-

fens acting as Auctioneers, and certain Rates and " Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods, and other Things " sold by Auction, and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds,

" Deeds, and other Instruments," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

4 T Ordered,

22* — 28°

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering, amending, and enforcing, lo much of the said Act as relates to the Method of granting Licences to Auctioneers, and to the collecting the Duties on Ef-tates and Goods sold by Auction: And that Sir Cooper, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Ord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committed. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjourment of the House.

American The other Order of the Day being read, for the

Affairs. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. upon the 19th Day of aft, pursusnt to their

Address to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers which were preferred to the House by Mr. Secretary at War, pursuant to their Order, upon the 15th Day of this instant April, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee. s

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, That they had made tome Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Wednesday Morning next.

2)5^ Ordered, That Mr. De Grey have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Returns that have been transmitted to any of His Majesty’s Ministers, of the British, Foreign, and Provincial Troops, under the Command of the honourable Lieutenant General Sir William Hoive, from the 14th Day ol November 1775 to the nth Day of 1778.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney, have Leave to make a

Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Duties Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

on Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Cotton Wool. wj10|e House, to consider of the Duties payable upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Cotton Wool, the Growth and Product of the Colonies or

Plantations in America.

Ordered, That Sir William Bagot have Leave to make a Motion.

Burton And he rnoved die House accordingly: And,

upon A Bill for Paving, repairing, cleansing, and light-

Trent Jng the Town and Borough of Burton upon Trent, in

Streets. jje county of Stafford; and for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Bagot, Mr. Wilbra ham Bootle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then t-he House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Apr ills. . 1779.

Mercur'd, 28°;

Anno 190 Georgii Regis, 1779.

Prayers. !

Eaken i

A PETITION of the Bakers and Butchers of a, u

Prejloti, in the County of Lancajur, was pre- !

fented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the !

Bill to enable Persons to exercise the Trades of Bakers 1

and Butchers, although they shall not have been brought.

up as Apprentices in the said Trades; and Setting forth.

That the Petitioners think it incumbent on them to appeal a.gainst lb partial a Bill passing into a Law, which they conceive would be a very great Injury to the Bakers and Butchers in general; and that, as to the Bakers, they are already under the Regulations of an "

Assize, and can only have such Profits as the Magistrate thinks proper to allow them, which is not the same in any other Trade, and as the Butchers can have none but Lads of the Age of 13 or 14 Years, and their being bound for less than Seven Years, with the Expence of finding them Meat, Drink, Walbing, and Lodging, would greatly hurt their Trade, the Petitioners therefore hope the House will take their Calc into Consideration, and not fufier, a Bill, lb detrimental to their Trades, to pals into a Law. Ditto. =

A Petition of the several Persons whose Hands are thereunto let and subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Bakers within the City and Liberty of Wejminjrer, and Parts adjacent, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, should the same pass.into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend it will be extremely prejudicial to the Bakers, and the Public in general, the Trade of a Baker being mostly carried on with the Assistance of Apprentices, and the Public deriving by that Means not only a great Benefit in the placing out of poor Apprentices, who might otherwise be destitute, but also in being supplied with so neceflury an Article as Bread upon more reaibo-able Terms than can be expected, should the Bakers be under the Necessity of employing Journeymen inliead of Apprentices; and that a very great Number of Apprentices are now taken in the Trade, who become Journeymen or Master Bakers at the Expiration of their Time, which makes the Trade very numerous, creates a Rivalfiiip among them, and tends to keep down the Price of Bread; but, should the said Bill pals into a ’

Law, the Petitioners fear that Apprentices will r.ot be induced to engage in the Trade; that the Expence to the Baker in employing Journeymen mull consequently be increased, and the Price of Bread raised; and as the Number of Hands in the Trade will gradually diminish for Want of a regular Supply by Apprentices, a Monopoly may in future take Place, to the great Inconvenience of the Public; and that the Profits of a Baker are less than almost in any other Trade, notwithstanding their being obliged to attend constantly to their Bufinds both Day and Night, and the Allowance of the Magistrate is the tame now as it has been for Years part, although y

the necessary F.xpences of their Trade are more than doubly increased, whereby the Bakers in general are become very poor and Indigent: And therefore praying the House will take their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief, against those Parts of the Bill which affect the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Lid Bill is committed.

The

19 Geo. III. aS° Aprilis.

Accounts $ amp Office.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Offices and Employments under the Crown, existing on the 23th Day ot 1703;

with Officers employed at that Time, and their respective Salaries: And ail'o.

An Account of the Number and Names of the Officers in each Department, with their Salaries, as they Hood on the ^tidjanunry 1 779; diltir.guishing the Time

when any increatc in the Number of such Officers, or their Salaries, was first made.

And then he withdrew.

And the Talcs of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered,l uat the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts areprelerved amongst the other Papers of this Scluun.

Pembroke A Bill for building a new Gaol and House of Cor-°*oU region for the County of was read a Second

Time.

Reflved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Owen of Pembroke, Mr. Rice, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Titchfield An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act enfranchise- *° ,mPovvcl certain Peri'ons to enrrandule divers Copy-meat. hold ami Customa.v Lands and Tenements within the several Manors or Lord ships of Lee, Marks,

and Mirabeil Crofton, and New in the County of

Southampton; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Refolded. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Oxen of PemOioke, Mr. Rice, Stc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, ac Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Grim (Jon A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

ncoure* Whole Year Lands and Breeks, Common Fields, Half

Year Lands and Heaths, and Commons, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of -

Jion, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward 4ftley, Mr. Crcftes, flee.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Chambers -^n ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Indoivre. and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, an.! Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Clifford Chambers, in the County of cester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Pa-jiih of Clifford Chambers in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Cleft crdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

Zdbury, A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Cotm-. kc. mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, ncourc. anc] other Commonable and Waste Lands, of

Bowld, and Fofcolt, within the Manor and Parish of Idbury, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon, Sir Roger Newdigate, ike: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

\ CL.37.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act to enable John Boivater, Esquire, during his Life, and after his Death, the Guardian or Guardians of his Issue Male by the honourable Frances Bowaterhh Wife, during their respective Infancies, to grant building Leases of his settled E dates at Woolwic and Charlton, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ElweS Mr. Townshend,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of , in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavtndish do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign for building a Temporary Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcaft/e upon Tyne and Galefliead, in the County of Durham , for completing the new Stone Bridge over the said River, and for making the Avenues to, and the Passage over, the fame, more commodious, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew White Ridley, Sir Thomas Clavering, Sec.: And they are to meet tins Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in th<? Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rushes and Mr. licit;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altcri g and enlarging the Powers, ot an Act, made in the T.venty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Fall Lmiuf Borough under Stainmoor ,in the County of Westmordand, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Earnout Bridge, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majeiiv King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the " Roads from the Town of in the County of Denbigh, to Peutre Bridge, in the County of

" and from the Town of Mold to Holywell,

" and Rhuddlau, in the same County, and from thence

" to the Ferry House, opposite the Town of Conway, " in the Couniy of Carnarvon, and from Ruthin, to the " said Town of Mold," as relates to the District of Road from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-fmh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlifte, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea-Port Town of -

ton, in the said County, so far as the same relates to the Read between the Town of and Workington

aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground, called Lower Darweu in the

Parish of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lar.caster; without any Amendment: And also,

The

Bowate*#

Estatea.

Albovef

Inclosure.

Tyne

River" Bridge.

Borough

under

Stainmoor,

&c.

Roads.

Wrexham

'0

Pentre Bridge Roads.

Carlisle

and

Workingto»

Road.

Darwen

Moor

Inclosure.

Tobacco

orchvn in Ireland.

Style*

Eftntes.

Boynton1*

Estates.

Earl of Egremont’s £ dates

Churchill’s

Will.

Earl of Egremont's JEftatct.

Styled

Estatej.

Hemp

importtd

from

Ireland.

348

28° Ap

A.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of several Acts of Parliament, as prohibit the Growth and Produce of Tobacco in Ireland, and to permit the Importation of Tobacco, of the Growth and Produce of that Kingdom, into Great Britain, under the like Duties and Regulations as Tobacco of the Growth of the British Colonies in America is permitted to be imported; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardians of Sir Charles Style, Baronet, an Infant, to grant Leafs of his Freehold Estates in Middle sex, during his Minority, and to ofieftuate the other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the next Presentations to certain Livings, late tire Estates of Sir Griffith Boynton, Baronet, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for substituting other Parts of his Estates to be charged with his younger Children’s Fortunes, in lieu of those by his Will charged therewith; and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition of several Estates, in the Counties of Wills and Somerset, between the honourable Charles

William Wyndham, and other the Devisees of Charles late Earl of Egremont, deceased, and their Issue, and Charles

Marquis of Granby, and Charlotte Countess of Aylesford, and for veiling and settling the same to the several Uses therein mentioned; and for the several other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Executors and Trustees of the Will of Charles Churchill, Esquire, deceased, and in the Marriage Settlement of Charles Churchill, Esquire, and Lady Maria his Wife, to raise Money, by Sale or Mortgage of some of the Trust Securities, for advancing to the Children in their Father’s Lite-time, Part of their Portions provided for them by the Settlement, but thereby not made payable till after his Decease; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition of several Estates, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerfebetween the honourable Charles William Wyndham, and other the Devisees of Charles late Earl of Egremont, deceased, and their Ifl'ue, and Charles Marquis of Granby, and Charlotte Counteis of Aslesford, and for veiling and settling the same to the several Uses therein mentioned; and for the several other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardians of Sir Charles Style, Baronet, an Infant, to grant Leases of his Freehold Estates in dlesex, during his Minority, and to effectuate the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp, from the Kingdom of Ireland, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation into this Kingdom of Hemp, of the Growth of the Kingdom of Ireland, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Minchin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

x779'

Mr. Anthony Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Creditors, Trustees, and others, concerned in an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, _ intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of " Lantrijfent, and also the Road leading from Nezv-

" bridge, to a Place called The Old Furnace, all in the County of Glamorgan, " whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the Hdufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several printed Newspapers were produced to your Committee, of the ill, 8th, and 15th of March last, wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, are inserted, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House on the Eighteenth Day of February last. And,

The Reverend Mr Gervafe Pozvell being examined, said, That a written Notice of the said Application had also been affixed on the Door of the Sessions House for the County of Glamorgan, at the last Easter Sessions, agreeable to the Leave of the House granted as afore-fiiid. And the Witness further added. That some Alterations are necessary to be made to the former Act.

1’he House was moved. That the Report, which, upon the 18th Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Creditors, Trustees, and others, concerned in an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several " Roads leading from the Town of LantriJJ'ent, and " also the Road leading from Newbridge, to a Place " called The Old Furnace, all in the County of " morgan;" and also, the Petition of several of the Creditors, Trustees, and others, concerned in an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act, for repairing and widening " several Roads leading from the Town of Lantrijfent, " and also the Road leading from Nczvbridge, to a Place called The Old Furnace, all in the County of Glamorganwhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, were

severally referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several " Roads leading to the Town of LantriJJ’ent, and also " the Road leading from Newbridge, to a Place called " The Old Furnace, all in the County of Glamorgan: " And that Mr. Anthony Bacon, and Sir Herbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws now in being, relating to Sewers, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for " settling and establishing a Court of Exchequer in the " North Part of Great Britain called by al-

tering t he Martinmas and Candlemas Terms in the said Court, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

LantriiTcnt

Roads.

sit,

Laws

relating

10

Sewers.

Scotch Court of Exchequer.

Churchill’#

WifL

A Peer has Leave to come to a Committee of the Commons.

Jrthinoton

inclosure.

Claxton

inclosura

Bridgewater Market, &c.

Bucknell

Inclosure.

Rous’a E dates.

Gwyane’* L dates.

19 Geo. III. 18* ^prill349

Mr. JOemyfler took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dempster reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment* thereunto; Which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ah ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Executors and Trustees of the Will of Charles Churchill, Esquire, deceased, and in the Marriage Settlement of Charles Churchill, Esquire, and Lady Maria his Wife, to raise Money by Sale or Mortgage of some of the Trust Securities, for advancing to the Clildren, in their Father’s Life time, Part of their Portions provided for them by the Settlement, but thereby not made payable till after his Decease, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Hen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do give Leave to the Earl of Harrington to attend a Committee of this House, who are appointed to take into Consideration several Papers pre-i'ented to this House, containing the Correspondence between His Majesty’s Ministers and Sir William Howe, to be examined relative to the Subject Matter of several Papers which have been referred to the said Committee, containing the Correspondence between Lord George Germain and Lieutenant General , if his Lord-

ship thinks (it.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open and Common Fields, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Irthington, in the County of Cumberland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Claxton, otherwise Long Clawfon, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for creating a Market House, and regulating the Markets, within the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset-, and for paving, cleansing, lighting,

and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Borough; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish or Liberties of Bucknell, in the County of Oxford-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the Timber and Wood growing upon the Estate late belonging to Thomas Row, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Worcester, in Trust, to sell the same, and apply the Monies arising therefrom towards discharging certain Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates, in the Counties of,

Brecon, and Radnor (deviled by the Will of Roderick

Vol. 37.

C Wynne, Esquire, deceased) in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising the refroni iii the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

Ordered, That the Committee, to whbm the Bill for preserving the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex-, and for Relief of the Creditors under Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, and of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the said River, was committed, be revived.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Hafand, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates, in the Counties of Carmarthen, Brecon, and Radnor (devised by the Will of Roderick Gwynne, Esquire, deceased) in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands and Herditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Builders and Occupiers of Houses, in Swinton Street, Act on Street, Conjiitution Row, and several other Streets and Places, situated on the Side of, or near to, the Turnpike Road leading from the North End of Grey's Inn , to the New Road near Battle Bridge, in the Parish of Saint in

the County of Middlesex, as also of the several Inhabitants in Gray's Inn Lane, Lamb's Conduit , Red

Lion Street, Red Lion Square, Queen’s Square, Ormond Street, Muilman Street, James Street, Bedford Row, King’s Road, John Street, Hatton Garden, Grays Inn, and other Streets, Squares, and Places thereabouts, who have Occasion to travel or pass by Way of Gray's Inn Lane Road, and the New Road, to the East End of the City of London, and to the Great Essex Road, as also to the Edgware Road, near Paddington, and to the Great Western Road; and alto the Petition of the Treasurers, Governors, and Trustees, of the Society for supporting a Charity School, for the Maintenance, Education, and Apprenticing out, of the poor Children of Welsh Parents, born in and near London, who have no Parochial Settlement here; and also the Petition of the Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint George, Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and allb the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and other Officers, of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, on Behalf of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and also the Petition of Cutts Barton, Doctor of Divinity, Dean of Bristol, and Rector of Saint Andrew's, Holborn, the Churchwarden* and other Officers of the Upper, Lower, and City* Divisions of the said Parish, for and on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Divisions; and also the Petition of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, were severally referred, bo now read.

4 U And

River Let* Navigation

flafland

lndofure*

Gwynne* Estate*,

Gray’* Inn Lane TurnpUid

V. -

Gray’s Inn Lane Turnpike.

350

28"

A. X779-:

And the said Order beltjg read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into

Consideration. > ..... ....

And the said Report was read; and is as followeths

viz. r.

Dr. Peter Swinton being examined, said, That the

Inhabitants of Swinton Street, A don Street, Britannia Street, and Conjliiution Row, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, finding themselves aggrieved -by a new Turnpike Gate being erected, in Dee ember 1777, at. the End of Lane, by Or-

der of the Trusteee for an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign* to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading to Gatehouse,

and Hampstead, and for several other Purposes in the said first-mentioned Act contained, Application was made to the said Trustee?, before the Month of August 1778, by'a Petition on Behalf of divers of the Inhabitants of the Neighbourhood, to have the Gate removed; but nothing being done by the Trustees in Consequence of that Petition, Application for Redress was made to the justices, at the last Michaelmas Quarter Session for the County of Middlesex. And,

Mr. Daniel Hinley produced to your Committee the Book of Orders of the justices, made at the said Quarter Sessions; wherein is inserted an Order of the Court, dated the 22d Day cf October 1778, whereby it is declared and adjudged, that- the said Gate or Turnpike ought to be removed; and the said. Court did order, that the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex flioukl forthwith remove the said Gate or Turnpike at the End of Gray sInn Lane. And, , .

Dr. Szvinton being further examined, said, That the

Reafun why the Notices, required ,.by the Standing Order, were not given, was, that it was expected Relief would. be given by the Quarter Selfious. And he added, Ti.at the Gate was removed in pursuance of that Order; but the Trustees and Lessees of the Tolls r^inoving the Mat ter by Certiorari into the Court of King’s Bench, the said Order of Session was reversed, and the Gate again set up. And he further observed, That till the Ilfue was had, it could not be known whether it would be necessary to apply to Parliament.

To prove the Allegations of the First mentioned Petition, Mr. Joseph Bun hell, Clerk to the Trustees of the said Higjigate and Hampstead attended your Committee, according, to Order, with the Minute Book of the Trustees; wherein is inserted an Order of the 10th of December 1777, ".Thai the Polls and Rails ".now Handing at the End of the New Cut, next the " E:;ft Gate, on the New Road, be removed into " Gray's bin Lane, near The Blue Lion -, and that the " Gate made by. Mr, Goodridgt, and now in his Pofsession, be affixed. to them, to the Intent, that- Tolls " may be collected, thereon,- as desired by Mr. Winter, " at the last General Meeting; and thalia large Watth " Box, now Handing uleless. in the New Road, be rernoycd thither, for the present Use of thy Collectors."

V Alio, a Refutation of the llth of 1-7 78,

'} That a Special Meeting of the . Trustees be holden " on-. Thursiaythe 20th of , to consider whe-

tlier if be proper or legal to continue pr take Tolls " at Gates erected on any Part, of the Roads under the " Tlull, finco, the Lease < f the Tolls v.-as granted, and

" whether. Inch Gary, shall be continued, or any other ".Gates erected’,’’during the Continuance, of flip said Lealeand- that' jt.lie laid Meeting be specified by " Advertil'ements,.’’ , .

And by ".the said Minute Book’ it appeared, That.at a Special Meeting of the said. Trustees, holden pb . the z6th’o( 'February,a Motion was made, and* feponded.

That all Gates’, where Toll is* taken under the Aujho-i " rity of this Trull, be put in the same State," Si tuation, and Number, as they were in at the Time the

" Lease was granted," Rcfolyed io the Affijmat-ive;

" and that , an Advertiseimant.be put-in the Papers " Three Times, to acquaint the Public; of the said Re-. " solution; and that the same Rands for. Confirmation at the next General Meeting." .

And ;it likewise appeared* That $tr a General Meeting, on the nth of March 1778, the Board proceeded upon the llesolution of the aforesaid Meeting, which Hood for Confirmation that Day* " That all Gates,

" where Tolls are taken under the Authority of this " Trull* be. put. into, the same State, Situation, and " Number, as they were, at the Time the Lease of the "Tolls was granted;"-and thereupon, the same was.I Refojved in the Negative. > .- '«

And the said Mr. Burchell also produced to your Committee, the Counterpart of the Lease of-.the Tolls granted to John Evans; which Lease, dated the 29th Day of September 1777 (previous to the Order for . erecting the said new. Gate) demised to the said John Evans, for Three Years, all the Toll and Sums of Money which . lawfully might be demanded, tikep, and received, it the following Gates, on the Roads in the said Acts mentioned (that is to say) Tottenham Court Gate,. Battle Bridge Gate, Saint John Street Gate, Gofivell Street Gate, Coldbath Street Gate, Hollo-, way Gate,- Ball's Pond Gate, the East Gate, New Road,

and the West Gate, New Road; and further demised and let unto the said John Evans, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all and every the Toll and Tolls, Sum and Sums of Money^ which were, could, or might be lawfully demanded,' taken, and received, at all and every the said Toll Gates then erected, or any other Gate or Gates Which might thereafter, during the Term thereby granted, be erected or let up by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament then in Force, or which at any Time, during the said Term., might be made and enforced, except the Power of taking certain Tolls Twice a Dav, as in the said Lease is mentioned.. -Dr. Szvinton being further examined, said. That there

is no Entry in the Books of the Trustees (he having fearclied them through) nor does he believe Mr. Evans. gave any additional Rent or Consideration.for the Tolls at the Gate in Gray's Inn Lane, as. in same he lud done so, it inuft have appeared in the Minute Books of the Trustees; that the Sunday Taft is taken at that Gate,’ oyer and above the other. Tolls, whereby a Person.going, in a Coach From. Hoi horn pays Ten Pence Turnpike, even though, within a Shilling Fare; that at the Time the Trustees authorized Mr.’ Evans to erq£t the Gate, they were not aware that he would be entitled to.th.e Sunday's Toll. Then, .

’Air. Thomas Rhodes being examined, said. That. £liqre was but Qjie Toll Gafb Retween 'Lque and

Highoate before*, the Year i 755, wfiicR>wag placed wher^ the New Road is now made near on the

London Side; that when the New Road was made, .‘the Toll Gate was first* removed.to the South Side of the Road, -4ar>d. forne little -Time, afterwards. }t :was-removed* to the’ North Side of %the said New Road, by which tfierje.was a free Access to the New’Rbad., Then, Di..f wpi/on^being further e^mined,. said. That the Purchast of the Freehold of thq Lands dyt'eribed in the Petition, between the Tqmpike Gate in Gray's Inn.Lane a'nd the New Road, and the- MonidsJaid out in build,-ing thereupon, amounts together tb.about^. 20,000 — That "there are many, good Houses and Streets built jupon the Lands, and others intended to be built- — JILaf feveraf Persons have applied to him to take Houses "there, i byi.have objected on Account of the Gate being ierecled — -Tf.at one ?erson= offered ^-50 a Year for an upon observing the Gate was going to Ue ,erc^l§.dt he declined taking* the Hgu£e, declaring lie would, not giyfc.. £- 40 a Year for it; and that fie. things ^the Diniinutlon o.t t he Value of the Property,* by#Reason 61 the Gate, is full £.*5,000. Then, v

Mr. Jo/jh Seager being examined, said, Tif&t fie is a

Builder

19 GEd. III. $$9 jipyilis. 351

Builder — That there has been many good "Hbufes erected upon the said Lands, tome of which cost above £.1,200 each — That he thinks they are greatly diminished in Value’ by Meitisor the Tufnpiko Gate being let up nt the End ot ’.Gray's inn -La-That he has known many Instances of Persons (who, he was :sure, would ha.vt taken those IJoufcs) declining so to do on Account of the Gate, and that some who had begun to treat for them, receded on that Account- — That he knows of several Persons in Trade who have left the Place on Account of the Gate, so that the Houses are in a great Measure deserted — That he thinks the Value of the Houses art diminished One Third by Means of the Gate — That many Persons have laid out their whole Property in budding the re, who would not have done so, had they imagined a Turnpike would have been erected there — That Two or Three Persons, Who have been cancel ned in building there, have been so distressed, in consequence of the Diminution of their Property, and their Houses lying untenanted, as to be at present’ actually ifi Gaol — 'That Persons going out of Town by Gray's inn Lam, either Eastward or We ft ward, upon the New Road, pay Six Pence Toll for a Four-Wheel Carriage, which is Treble the Toll paid if they go from any other Part of London or along the

New Road.

William Hyde, F/qun e, being then examined, said, That the whole Length of the Old Road under the gate ancf Ham yd end Trust, is ab ut 19 Miles. And,

'Mr. John Seaget being further examined, said, That the Chltance burn the New' Road to the Foundling Hospital Road, beyond where the Gate fhnds, is about 8^0 Yards, ind' from thenfce to the Stones End is 192 Yards more; and that the Houses are afllfled 6d\h the Pound towards the Purposes ot lighting and watching the Road.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. R/i hard Jones, Treafoter of the Charity

School in GV<n’j Inn Lane, being examined, said, That the School is'abouf 150 Yards beyond the Gate in hm Lane* — That it' the Governors had supposed that a

Gate would have been efedecl theie, they would not have given lo great a Sum as they did for the Purchase of the Land-1 — That the House has been erected at an Expence of n.ar £. 4.000 — That the Meetings of the

Trustees have not been so great as before the Turnpike was erected — That the Fund of the Charity arises from Voluntary Contributions — That Coals, and all other Necefiaries brought in Carriages to the House, pay Toi! at the Gate; and that he apprehends the Voluntary Contributions have been lessened by People not coming by unon Ac- ount of the Gate.

To prove the Ailegations of the Third-mentioned Petition,

Samuel Harrij'on, Deputy Clerk of the Parish of St. George, Bloomsbury, being examined, said. That the Burial Ground belonging to that Parish is about 250 Yards from the Corner of the Foundling Wall — That they were subject to no Toll before the Gate was set up in Cray's Inn Lane. — That there are about 400 Funerals in a Y'ear at that Ground — That about One Haif are carried in Carriages; and that there are about Two Coaches to a Hearse upon an Average.

To prove the Ailegations of the Fourth-mentioned Petition,

Mr. John Davis Royjion, Sexton of the Parish of St.

Andrew Holborn, being examined, laid. That the_ Bu-

rial Ground belonging to the Parish is near the Lion — That the Turnpike Gate is erected 30 Yards nearer London than the Burial Ground Gate — That before the Gate was created there was free Access to the Burial Ground, and now on a Sunday is. id. is paid for a Hearse and Coach with a Pair of Horses — That there is at least 5 or 6 Burials with Hearses in a Week at

Vol. 37.

that Ground — -That ‘a Coach pays iod. a Sunday Gray’* Ian and 4 d.on other Days — That upon an Average there T are Two Coaches to each Hearse — That the Burial Ground is about 200 Yards from the Stones; and that they art obliged so pay the whole Toll. ‘

To prove the Allegations of the Fifth-mentioned Petition,

Mr. John Wittier, Clerk of the Parish of St. George the Martyr; being examined, said, That the Burial

Ground belonging to, and Part of that Parish, is situate about a<o Yards from the Corner of the Foundling Wall — That they were not subject: to any Toll before the Gate was fei up — That they bury at that Ground about 350 in a Year, near One Half of which are carried in Carriages; and that upon an Average there is about Two Coaches to a Hearse. Then,

- To prove the Allegations of the last mentioned Petition;

Mr. John Stager, being further examined, said. That the Gate in Gray's Inn Lane cuts off the Communication between the Foundling Hospital and the New Road —

That they do not travel quite 12 Yards upon the Turnpike Road before they come to the Toll Gate — Tint the said Hospital has Ground to let on building Leases which he thinks cannot be let now by Reason of the Toll Gate — That He would give 10s. 6 a Foot for the'

Ground if the Toll Gate was removed — That 2,600 Feet of Ground, belonging to the Hospital, might be let to build upon; but that he would not take the Ground upon any Terms, unless toe Gate is removed.

The Hobfe was moved, That the Standing Order of the House, of the 23th Day of April 1774, " That " after this Session of Parliament, before any Petition " is presented to this House, for making a Turnpike " Road, for for the Renewal or Alteration of any Ad " of Parliament passed for that Purpose, Notice of " such intended Application to Parliament be given at " the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be held for every and each County or Didrift " through which such Road passes, or is intended to " pass, at the Michaelmas immediately preceding thef " Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be " presented," might be read.

And 1 lie same was read accordingly.

The House was allb moved. That the Standing Order of the House, of the said 25th Day1 of April,

" That this Notice be giving by affixing to the Door of " the Sessio/is House where such General Quarter Sessions are held, a printed or written Paper, describing tire Parishes through which the said Road pafles,

" or is intended to pals; and that such Notice be also " printed in Ibme one Newspaper of the County, or,

" if there is no such Paper printed for that County,

" then in the Newspaper of some near or adjoining " County, Three Times at least, in the Months of " Augttjland September, or either of them immediately

" preceding the Session of Parliament in which such " Petition is to be presented," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year, of His present Majesty’s Reign, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Highg Gatehouse and Hampflead, and for several other Purposes in the said First-mentioned Act contained, as relates to the erecting or continuing of Turnpikes, and taking Tolls, between the End of Gray's inn Lane and the New Road;

It paHTed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Essex to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ.

Writ

352- Apritis. 1779.

Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Essex, in the room of William Harvey, Esquire, deceased.

Tempefi’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. for vesting in* Trustees, and their Heirs, the settled Estate of John Tempefi, Esquire, situate in the County of Kent, in Trull, to sell the same, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'elved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Eden, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Almanack'* The Lord North presented to the House, according settling to Order, a Bill to veil the foie Right of Printing Al-iPrtau»°^ manac^s» *n that Part of Great Britain called

in the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and the Company of Stationers of the City of London, respectively: And the same was received; and read the First: Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " this Day Three " Months," and inferring the Words " Monday Morning next" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " this " Day Three Months," stand Part of the Question.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

} 4*-

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Monday Morning next" be inferred instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

N° 2. Distribution of Troops under the Command of Sir William Howe, 8th May 1777: Received 10th July: And also,

N° 3. State of the Foreign Troops in North America 24th June 1777: Received 19th August: And also,

N° 4. Distribution of the Troops under the Command of Sir Henry Clinton, at New York, 7 th July 1777: Received 22d August.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to 'take into Consideration the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. De Grey upon the 19th Day of March last, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Supply Rif; Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons letting to Hire Hories for Travelling Post, and certain Rates and Duties on all Horses let to hire, for the Purpose of travelling Post, and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to Account; their Order, Judge*

An Account of the Deductions from the Salaries of Salwi the Chief Justice of the King’s Bench, the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, the Puisne Judges of the King’s Bench and Common Pleas, the Three Barons of the Coif of the Exchequer, the Fifth Baron of the Exchequer, the Chief Justice and Second Justice of Chester, and the Justices of the Great Sessions for Wales, for Land Tax, and the Duty of One Shilling in the Pound on Per-’ quilites.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth; vtz.

Papers

respecting

American

Affairs.

Lord George Germain presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Report of the Hessian Troops in His Majesty’s Pay, 28th December 1776: Received 24th February 1777: And also.

ip Geo. Ill

353

2 %°Aprilis.

An ACCOUNT of the Deductions from the Salaries of the Chief Justice of the King's Bench, the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, the Puisne Judges of the King's Bench and Common Pleas, the Three Barons of the Coif of the Exchequer, the Fifth Baron of the Exchequer, the Chief Justice and Second Justice of Chester, and the justices of the Great Sessions for Wales i for Land Tax, and the Duty of One Shilling in the Pound on Perquisites.

The Chief Justice of the King’s Bench The Chief Justice of the Common Pleas -The Chief Baron of the Exchequer Three Puisne Judges of the King’s Bench, each Three Puisne Judges of the Common Pleas, each Three Barons of the Court of Exchequer, each Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer

560 — — permm

280 — — per Annum 280 — ptr Annum 180 — — per Annum 180 — — ptr Annum 180 — pet Annum

go — - J- per Annum

And the following Charges arealfo paid by the said Judges and Barons, qn Account of the Duty of

One Shilling in the Pound on Perquisites.

10---- per Annum

10 — — pit Annum — — per Annum

7 to — ptr Annum 6 — t per Annum

The Chief Justice of the King’s Bench - -

he Chief Justice of the Common Pleas - - - *

The Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer -

The Puisne Judges of the King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and the Barons of the Coif of the Exchequer, each -

The Chief Justice of Chester - -

We have written to the several Receivers General for and the Counties in Wales, for the necessary Information respecting the Chief Justice and Second Justice of Chester, and the Six Justices of the Great Sessions for Wales, and cannot learn that they pay any thing to the Land Tax there, except James , and Thomas Pots ter, Esquire, Justices for Ang/efey, Carnarvon, and Merioneth Shires, who pay the Sum of £. 4. os. in the County of Carnarvon: We have also caused Inquiry to be made in ,where the Judges are aftefted,

and find they pay nothing the re, although the Chief Justice of Chester is charged 60 per Annum for Land Tax, which was formerly paid by him, but has been discontinued these Three Years.

C Rigby,

John Trenchard,

George Blount,

Geo.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar, imported into this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuicr of allowing a Drawback of the Duties imposed by the said Act upon all Foreign Wines, exported front Great Britain to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies.

The Lord Tien.'/.am reported from the Committee, to whom the Bili for dividing and inclosing a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Oulton Heath, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee ‘had Vol. 37.

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 18 Sheep Commons, who could not be found; and also except the Owners of 40 Sheep Commons, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Sheep Commons on the said Heath is 4,283; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) i and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and ma.de several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Quee read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One and, upon the Question severally pus thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, With the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so Wrexham

much of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Rose,

Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, in- Rwhin

tituled, " An Act for amending, widening and keep- Dittria

4 X " ing

Supply.

Duties on

e^ton Wool.

Dissenting

Ministers

and

Schoulmasters.

354 18* — 2 90 Aprilis. A. 1779.

ing in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Wrex- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

" ham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma»

" in the County of Flintand from the Town of jesty;

" Mold to Northop, Holywell, and Rbuddlan, in the Rejo That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

" same County; and from thence to the Ferry lloaje, ing next, resolve itself into the said'Coaimittee.

" opposite the Town of Conway, in the County of

" Carnarvon-, and from Ruthin to the said Town of The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

" Mold," as relates to the District of Road front the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the consider further of Ways and Means for raising the and Means. Town of Mold, in the County of Flint, was read a Se- Supply granted to His Majesty.

cond Time. Rc/ohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Watkin ‘ng next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Williams Wynn, Mr. Pultenev, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the The other Order of the Day being read;

Speaker’s Chamber. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers American

Ordered, That the Order of the Day; for the House which were presented to the House, by Mr. De , Attain,

tp resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the 19th Day of March lath, pursuant to their

to consider of the Duties payable upon the Exportation Address to His Majesty. from this Kingdom of Cotton Wool, the Growth and Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Product of the British Colonies or Plantations in Mr. Frederick Montagu took, the Chair of the Com-

America, be now read mittee.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Commit- Mr. Speaker left the Chair. tee, That they had made a further Progress in the Mat-

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee. ters to them referred; and that he was directed by the

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That again, they had come to a Resolution; which they had di- Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve reded him to report, when the House will please of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the

to receive the same. whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Ordered, That the several Persons, who \^erc ordered Morning. to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Mr. Frederick Montagu, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Relief of Protestant Dissenting Ministers, and School-Masters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

The First Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proppled to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Words "as commonly received among Protestant Churches."

And the Question being put. That those Words Hand Part of the said Amendment;

Jt was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Word " whole."

And the Question being put, That the Word whole" (land Part of the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment so amended.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers (or the Yeas, j 95-

{The Lord Midleton, ]

J

»r i, r .1 1 UC UUIU iwLlUtClOrl.

Tellers for thv Noes^Mr.Montag:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a7 Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put there upon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Tinn upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall b then ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Hous 16

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the Houfo accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this, House, an Accmit* Account of the Bounties paid on Goods exported to American North America, or imported from thence, from Christ-. Traiie* mas 1761 to Christmas 1777, distingui thing each Year, and the particular Goods for which such Bounties were paid.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yovisy 290 d;

Anno 19* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

MR. Powys presented to the House, according to Event* Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure. Open Common Field, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Evenly, otherwise Bury Manor, in the County of Northampton:

And he same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to L!<t'e whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing. the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, u 0 Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, of and within the Manor, Lordship, or Liberties, of Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton, was commuted; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th o:

1V 7 4*

r9 Geo. III. 29’ 355

1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com- Thirteenth Year of his Reign, to the then Matter and plied with; and that the Committee had examined the Keepers, or Wardens, and Commonalty, of the said Corn-Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; pany of Stationers, and their Successors for that Pur-and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent pole, and conceiving that the Petitioner had illegally to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; encroached on such their supposed exclusive Right, did, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and in Hilary Term 1774, tile a Bill in the Court of Chan-made fcvoral Amendments thereunto; which they had di- eery againR the Petitioner, Rating the afortf'aid Patenr*

reded him to report to the House; and he read the Be- and complaining of such pretended illegal Encroach-

c port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,'with nient of the Petitioner, and prajingan Injunction ta

the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the restrain the Petitioner from printing and felling such Amendments were Once read throughout; and then aSe- Almanack or Diary; and that, by the Practice of the c-'.nd Time, Or:c by One; and, upon the Question fc- fold Court, the mere filing the Complainant’s Bill, and vet ally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. a Certificate thereof from the Six Clerks of the Bill be-Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be fog filed, and an Affidavit of the Fails Rated in such ingrossed. Bill, art, in the FirR InRance, deemed a sufficient

Ground for granting such Injunction, without any No-& Ltire An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- tice given to the Defendant to shew Cause againR it; Inclosure. nion and Open Fields of Leire, in the County of and on such Ground and Injunction was applied for Leicester, was read the 'Third Time. againR the Petitioner, to reRrain him from printing

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title and felling his said Almanack or Diary; and the Peti-bc. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and tioner, not having any Notice cf such Bill having been Open Fields of Leire, in the County of Leicester.filed, or of such intended Application, was thereby de-> Ordered, That Mr. Hun t erf or J do carry the Bill to prived of any Opportunity of shewing Cause againR the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. and oppofirg the said Application, and an Injunction

was by such Means obtained againR the Petitioner, un-King»fcood Mr. Chefer reported from the Committee, to whom til he Riould have put in a full Anfiver to the Plantiff’s luuolute. IV,|i for dividing and inclosing that Part of the Bill, and the Court Riould make further Order; and

Common cr WaRe Ground called Kingswcod, which lies that the Petitioner afterwards put in his Anfiver to the in the Parish of Stapleton, in the County of Glouc, Complainant’s Bill, and denied the whole Equity there-

was committed; That ttie Committee had examined, of, and did then apply to dissolve the said Injunction; and found that the Standing Orders of the House, and, on the iR Day of 1774, the Petitioner ob-

of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of In- tained an Order to be at Liberty to fell his said Alma-closure, had been complied with; and that the Com- nacks, under certain KeRrictions; and the said Order mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and further directed, that a Cause Riould be made for the jound the same to be true; and that the Parties Opinion of the Court of Common Pleas, and that Two concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Questions Riould be Rated thereon, the FirR of which SaiislaClion rf the Committee (except the Proprietors Riould be, " Whether the Grant made to the Plaintiffs, of Lands afiefled to the Land Tax at £.7. u. Zd. per " the Stationers Company, be general, or reRrained to Annum, who refilled to sign the Bill; and that the " such Almanacks and PrognoRicatior.s as Riould be

„ , Whole of the ERates of Persons intercRed in the said " licensed or allowed by the Archbishop of

» Inclosure, are addled to the Land Tax at f. 188. i8r. od." the Bishop of or either of them, for the

per Annum, and that no Person appeared before the Com- " Time being;" and the Second Question Riould be, mittee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee " W hether the Crown hath a Prerogative and Power to bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- " grant the same to the Plaintiffs, exclusive of any other j ments thereunto; which they had directed him to re- " or others;" and all necessary Facts were directed to

I port to the House; and he read the Report in his be Rated in the said Cafe; and that the said same was.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the firR in Hilary 775, and afterwards in the Easier

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Term following, solemnly argued in the Court of Corn-Amendments were Once read throughout; and then nion Pleas, on the said Two Questions; and the Chief a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quel- JuRice and the Three Puisne Judges of the said Court tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the unanimouRy agreed to, and signed, a Certificate to (he

House. Court of Chancery, of their Opinion on the Two

Ordered, That the Bill, willi the Amendments, be Points referred to them in the following Words, viz. ingrossed- Anhver to the FirR Query:" Having heard Counsel on

" both Sides, and considered the Cale, we are of Opi-Almanaiks; A Petition of Thomas Carnan, Citizen and Book feller " nion, that the Grant made to the Plantiffs, in the Sta-Scttlii'g of London, was pretented to the House, and read; Set- " tioners Company, was restrained to such Almanacks

tht n?ht of ting foith. That in the Year 1773, the Petitioner " and Prognolticaiions as Riould lie licensed or al-

Prmting. printed and publifticd an Almanack, under the Title " lowed by the Archbishop of the Bishop

of " A Diary for the Year of our Lord 1774, being " of London, or either of them for the Time being:"

.1 " the Second after Rif extile, or Leap Year, and the A ntwer to the Second Query :" We are of Opinion, that

> " Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, and the " the Crown harli not a Prerogative or Power to make

" Twenty-third of the New Stile used in Great Britain, " such Grant to the Pfantiffs, exclusive of any others

" by Reuben Berrozv, late AffiRant Afironomer at the " or other;" and that the Petitioner, having obtained Royal Obllrvatory, and Teacher of the Mathema- such Certificate, did, in June 1775, apply, by Motion " tics at Greenwich," and fold and continued to fell the to the Court of Chancery, todiffolve the said Injunction, same until about the Middle of November, 1773, at which the said Court, on reading the tame, granted, which Time the Mafier and Keepers, or Wardens, and the Petitioner was thereby refiored to the Liberty

and Commonalty, of the Myfiery or Art of Stationers of printing and felling such Almanack or Diary; but

>! of the City of London, assuming and usurping to them- the Petitioner, by such unjutl and vexatious Proceed-

selves an exclufnc Privilege of printing and publishing ings againR him, has been put to very considerable Ex--

Almanacks and PrognoRications, and all Manner of pence in eRablishing his Right to print and Vend the

Books and Pamphlets, tending to the same Purpose, un- lame, and in oppefing and suppressing such usurped Mo-

der Pretence of Letters Patent granted by King James nopoly; and the said Complainant's Bill againR the Peti-the FirR, dated the . Eighth Day of March, in the tioner has been fmcedismissed; and that in the Coin fe of Yul. 37. h*

Almanacks;

Sertlirg

the

Printing.

O’ TT*1»

SiJSvV iiNl to Combi P03'l-

tr.eldure.

39° j4prilis.

A. 1779.

the above Proceedings, it appeared, that in some of the Almanacks published by the Complainants, under such their pretended exclusive Authority, not only many ab-lurd, erroneous, but even many useless, immoral, and very indecent Pafidges, were introduced, which ought to be strictiy guarded against and avoided in every Work calculated for general Use and Knowledge; which Absurdities, Errors, and Indecencies, the said Complainants have fhemselves been more attentive to avoid since the Petitioner detested them by the afore-f*id Means; whereby the Petitioner has been greatly rnftrumental in rendering Almanacks in general more useful, by being more correct than they were heretofore, and, by exposing such Absurdities and Indecencies, will most likely be the Means of abolishing the fame, and of introducing in the room of it Matter of public Information and Utility; and that the Petitioner observes, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is ordered to be brought in, to veil the foie Right of printing Almanacks, in that Part of Great Britain called England, in the Two Universities of Oxford and

Cambridge, and the Company of Stationers of the City of London, respectively; and that such Bill, if it should pass into a Law, will preclude the Petitioner from the Privilege which he has been so long, and at so great Expence contending for, and to which, by the aforesaid Determination, he is now entitled, and would tend to create a new Monopoly in the Two Universities, and the said Company of Stationers, destructive to the Object which the Petitioner has, with lb great Expence and Trouble, been labouring to effect, viz. the making Almanacks of more Utility than those formerly under the Monopoly of the Stationers Company, which cannot be otherwise than by leaving the Trade open, which will consequently create an Emulation in the different Publishers to attain the greatest Degree of Correftnels; whereas such Monopoly, being established, would tend, as formerly, to discourage Science, be a disgrace to Literature, and will moreover essentially injure and lessen the Revenue, by reducing the Number of Stamps, which will otherwise be required in a free Sale: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioner may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to veil the foie Right of printing Almanacks, in that Part of Great Britain called England, in the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and the Company of Stationers of the City of , respectively, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are Corflnn thereunto subscribed, who have lent and advanced Mo- koads. ney on Credit of an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, |

widening, making commodious, and keeping in re- >

" pair, the Road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Brirker's Barn, in the Parish of Corfliam, in the County of " Wilts, to Bath Eafion Bridge, in the County of So- merfet," and also of several Gentleman of the said County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That in pursuance of Leave granted-by h'

the House on the Ninth Day of February last, Notices &

have been given at the Easier Quarter Sessions of the

Peace holden for the Counties of Wilts and

and by Advertisement in the Public Newspapers published within the same Counties in the Month of March

last, and the present Month of April, or One of them,

of Application having been made to Parliament for a

Continuation of the Term of the said Act, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the

Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April -

1774, relative to the Turnpike Bills: And therefore -a

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill -

for continuing the said Act for such further Term as

the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Goddard, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Molning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Grenville presented to the House, according to Bone T.*ce Order, a Bill to prevent Abuses in the Payment of Mauuiattorj. Wages to Persons employed in the Bone and Thread Lace Manufactory: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of through Googes Lane, Corsham, Biddeftone, and West

Yatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Combe, in the Parish of Cafle Combe, in the county of : And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming and establishing a Division and Inclosure of the Common or Open Fields, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Will;, and certain Exchanges of Lands in Estates within the said Pari lb, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations- of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-

Vt,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bovn-on’» for Sale of the next Presentations to certain Livings, late the Estates of Sir Griffith Boynton, Baronet, deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and for substitut- (

ing other Parts of his Estates to be charged with his Younger Children’s Fortunes, in lieu of those by his Will charged therewith; and for other Purposes, was ;'i

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. <4

Mr. Anthony Bacon presented to the House, accord- LantriiTeni ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powrers of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to the " Town of LantriJJent, and also the Road leading from

Newbridge, to a Place called The Old Furnace, all in,

" the County of GlamorganAnd the same was re- '

ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir James Lowther reported from the Committee,

to '

Rous’s

Estate.

Scotch Court of Exchequer.

Discouragement of Adultery*

Laws relating to the

Militia.

Export of Foreign Wines.

io Geo. III. '49 Jpril357

to whom the Bill- for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled " An Act for the widening and repairing the High Road " leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties " of Lancaster and Wrfmoreland, to the Town of in Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby in " dal, through the Town of to Emont Bridge, in

" the said County of Westmoreland was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trullees the Timber and Wood growing upon the Estate late belonging to Thomas Rous, Esquire, deceased, in the County of in Trust, to fell

the fame, and apply the Monies arising therefrom towards discharging certain Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dempster, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for settling " and establishing a Court of Exchequer in the North " Part of Great Britain called by altering

the Martinmas and Candlemas Terms in the said Court, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Discouragement of the Crime of Adultery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in being relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Older of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing a Drawback of the Duties imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported

Vim.. 37.

" into this Kingdom,’* upon all Foreign Wines exported from Great Britain to any British Colony or Planfati \n in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved. That an Actj made in the Navigation Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Se- A<^. cond, intituled, "An Act for the encouraging and increating of Shipping and Navigation," might be read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, To-marrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whote House, ra consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Importation into this Kingdom, and other His Majesty's Dominions, of Goods and Conn nodi ties of the *

Growth or Production of Africa, Acts, ’or i

which are manuladtured in Foreign Parts*

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Am-rican a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Act*irs* of the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. De Grey, upon the 19th Day of March lull, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, >

That they had made a further Progvefs in the Matters, to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, .

N° 1. Totals of the Monthly Returns of the British Dittos Forces in North America, under the Command of General Sir William Howe, from ill October 1775 to the ill May 1778, both inclusive: And also,

N° 2. Return of the Troops at Boson, ill 1775: Received 14th November 1775: And also,

N° 3. Return of the Forces under the Command of Major General the honourable William Hoisie, Boson,

21st November 1775: Received 27th December 1775:

And also,

N° 4. State of the within Corps of His Majesty’s Forces, Boston, 12th January 1776; Received 22d February 1776 And also,

N° 5. State of the within Corps of His Majesty’s Forces, as embarked at Boson, 17 th March 1776; with the State of the Corps of the Garrison of , if th

April 1776: And also,

N° 6. State of the within Corps of His Majesty’s Forces under the Command of General the honourable'

William Howe, Half ax, 4th June 1776; Received 5th July 1776: And also,

N° 7. State of the within Corps of His Majesty’s Forces under the Command of the honourable General Howe, 9th August 1776: Received 29th September 1776:

And also,

N° 8. State of the within Corps of His Majesty’s

4 Y Forces

ft

Stone

Allerton

Inclosure*

358

19* — 30° Aprilis.

Aim-

Forces under the Command of the honourable General Howe, New York, izd November 1776: Received 13th January 1777: And also,

N° 9. State of the British and Hejftan Forces under the Command of General the honourable Sir William Howe, New York, 20th March 1777 t And also,

N° 10. State of the British and Foreign Forces under the Command of Sir William 17th July 1777: Received 23d August: And also,

N° 11. State of the Troops, British and German, Under the Command of General Sir William Howe, encamped at German Jown, Philadelphia, 13 th October 1777: Received ift December:And also,

'N° 12. State of the Troops, British and under the Command of General Sir William encamped at Philadelphia, 14th December 1777.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Elizabeth , Widow, Grace , Widow, and William Jones and Mary his Wife, La*, dies and Lord of the Manor of Allerton, otherwise AL rington, in the County of Som and of several other Persons entitled to Right of Common on a certain Common, or Trade of Commonable Land, called, or known by the Name of Stone Allerton in the

Hamlet or Vill of Stone Allerton^ in the County of Somerset, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre-fehted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have perused a Bill depending in the House for inclosing the said Common, in which it is alleged, that Katherine Yorke, Spinster, is Lady of the Manor of Weave, in the County of Somerset, and as such entitled to the driving, chacing, and other Royalties, of the said Moor, which the Petitioners, the said Elizabeth Gate, Grace Little, and William Jones and Mary his Wife, apprehend properly belong to them; and, exclusive of the Right belonging to which Manor, they are also possessed of Estates in the said Vill of Stone Allerton, to which Right of Common in the said Moor belongs; and that the said Bill appoints Five Commissioners for executing the feme; and, the said Common containing no more than about 95 Acres, the Petitioners are of Opinion, the Expences of the Inclosure, which are to be defrayed by a Sole of as much of the said Common as may be necessary, will be so great, that the Land remaining to be allotted to the Petitioners and others, after the Deduction for Roads, and Compenfetions for Manorial Rights, are made, will befo inconsiderable as to be by no Means a Recompence for the Right of Common they now enjoy on the said Moor; and the Petitioners apprehend no Benefit can arise to any of the Parties interested in the said Common by the Inclosure thereof: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from tbr Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Comj mon, or Tract of Commonable Land, called or known by the Name of Stone Allerton Moor, in the Hamlet or Vill of Stone Allerton, in the County of Somerset, is committed: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The other Order of the Day being read;

And the House having continued to lit till near One of the Clock on Friday Morning;

16

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties payable Upon the Exportation f om this Kingdom of Cotton Wool, the Growth and Product of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, be received this Day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

j Veneris, 30 die Apri

Anno 19* Georgii III*13 Regis, 1779.

Prat ms.

SIR William Bagot reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, up0a and lighting, the Town and Borough of Bur ion upon Trent Trent, in the County of Stafford; and for removing Streett* and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, was committed; That the Committee hfid examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Bagot reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Au shrew (bury Act for establishing an Exchange between George Earl and of Shrewsbury, and Thomas Gilbert, Esquire, of divers Mr. Gilbert’* Lands and Hereditaments in the 'County of Stafford; Exchan2e-and for the other Purposei therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined th? Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Bagot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

Mr. Chester reported from the Committee, to whom Iron Acton the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Incbiure. Commonable and Waste Lands, called Acton Common,

MarUpit Common, and Cock Shute, within the Pari fir of Iron Acton, in the County of Gloucester, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Biits of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates having Right of Common on the said Commonable and Waste Lands, which are rated to the Land Tax at £.3- 4d. per

Annum, who declared themselves neuter; and also except the Owners of such Estates, fa rated at £. 3. 55. per Annum, who refuted to sign the Bill; and alto except the Owners of such Estates, so rated at 1. 18s. 1 o</. who could not be met with; and that the Wiio.e ot

lueh

Kirigftrood

laclosure.

▼orqcftO’

BqUgc.

Oulton

Iodolurc.

19 Geo. III.

30* Ap

359

such Estates are so rated at £.77. 15s. glA; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’* Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing that Part of the Common or Waste Ground called Kingswood, which lies in the Parish of Stapleton, in the County of

Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part of the Common or Waste Ground called which

lies in the Parish of Stapleton, in the County of Glou-tester.

Ordered, That Mr. Chester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Waljh reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building* Bridge at Worcester, over the River Severn, and for opening convenient Avenues to the C-id Bridge, to finish and complete the said Bridge, and to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they liad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by tire House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, or Waste Ground, called Oulton Heath, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for enabling the Lord or Lady of the Manor to try their Right at Law.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 18. To leave out from " and" to

" of" in Line 20, and insert " the said Lord and Lady" instead thereof.

1. 20. To leave out from " Manor" to Allotment" in Line 42, and insert " claim to be entitled to " an" instead thereof.

’o leave out " any," and insert " their " instead thereof, liter " Hereditaments" to insert " allege and infill that they." tfter " inclosure" to insert " other " than and except such Differences and Disputes as relate " to the Right of the Lord and

1. 2jJ.

1. 32.

Pr. 6. I. 6.

VOL. 37.

Lady of the said Manor to " any such Allotment or Allot*

,r ments as aforesaid. "

Pr. 8. 1. 33. After " Common " to insert " after such Allotments shall be " made to the said Lord and a Lady, in same they shall become entitled to the same by " Verdict as aforelau). "

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That t)ie Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and Inclosing a certain Common, or Waste Ground, called Oulton Heath, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That the Lord 'Trentham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

t

An ingrpffed Bill for reducing into One Ad of Par- Tlttenfftr liament the several Laws now in Force, for repairing Road, the Road leading from the Town or Village of for, to the moll Northern Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Rane, in the County of Stafford;and for repairing

the Road from Darlaffone Bridge, over Tittenfor Heath, through the Town or Village of Tittenfor aforesaid.

Was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Laws now in Force, for repairing the Road leading from the Town or Village of Tittenfor, to the most Northern Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt in the County of Stafford; and for repairing the Road from Darlaffone Bridge, oyer Tittenfor Heath, through the Town or Village of Tittenfor aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Lord Trentham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Export of Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Foreign ferred to consider of allowing a Drawback of the Du- W*" ties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines and, Vinegar imported into this Kingdom," upon all Foreign Wines exported from Great Britain to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, upon the Exportation of any French Wine, or any other Foreign Wines, from this Kingdom, to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies, as Merchandize, a Drawback be allowed of all the Duties paid upon the Importation thereof, by virtue of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bacon, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Ord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Navigation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Act. to consider of so tpufh of an Ac% made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the encouraging and increasing of " Shipping and Navigation," as relates to the Importation into this Kingdom, and other His Majesty’s Dominions, of Goods and Commpdities, of the Growth or Production of Africa, Affa, or , which are

manufactured in Foreign Parts, be bow read.

And

Framework

Knivter*’

Wages.

360

30* Ap

A.

1779.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

' The House relblved itself intojthe laid Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Ord reported from the Committee, That they

had considered the Matter to them referred; and that

and

House; and be read the Report in his Place; afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon fVednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

He was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, upon the Bill to enable the Chancellor and Council of when the House will please to receive the same. the Duchy of to sell and dispose of certain

Ordered, That the Report be now received. Fee Farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchisc

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Com- Copyhold and Customary Tenements, within the Sur-mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move vey of the said Duchy, be now read.

Dochy of L»nci(tcr Ella let.

the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation," as relates to the Importation into this Kingdom, and other His Majesty’s Dominions, of Goods and Commodities, of the Growth or Pro-duction of Africa, Acts, or America, which are manu-

fadured in Foreign Parts.

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the encouraging and increasing of

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Hyde took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Hyde reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made. several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

cl

re-

ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

- - _ # Diffiatiif

Shipping and Navigation," as relates to the impor- Reading of the Bill, now ingossed, for the further Re- Ministers

~ ~ ‘ ~ ‘ ‘ and

Schoolou&ii,

tation into this Kingdom, and other His Majesty’s Dominions, of Goods and Commodities, of the Growth or Production of Africa, Acts, or America, which are manufactured in Foreign Parts: And that Mr. Ord and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Inllrudion to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein for allowing the Officers of the Customs and Excise to make Use of Lights on board Ships in the Haven, Dock, or _Batbn, at the Port of Kingston upon Hull.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen

lief of Protestant Difienting Ministers and School-Masters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the further Relief of Protestant Dissenting Ministers and School-Masters.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1

«U

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to remove certain Difficulties re-

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said lative to Voters at County Elections:

Votes at

County

Eic&oiit

Bill, That they do make Provision therein for preventing Matters of Ships removing their Vessels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of London, before the Goods are discharged, or their Vessels are cleared by the proper Officers Inwards or Outwards.

Tellers for the Yeas

55-

Mr. Medows reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others. Framework Knitters, residing in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and Places adjacent; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Framework Knitters, residing in the Town of and Places

adjacent; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Framework Knitters, residing in the Town of Derby, and Places adjacent; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Framework Knitters, residing in the Town of Godalming, in the County of Storey, and Places adjacent; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are there-Sinto subscribed. Framework Knitters, residing in the Cities of London and Westminster, and in the County of Middlesex; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Framework Knitters, residing in the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, and Places adjacent; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Framework Knitters, residing in the County of Northampton, and Places adjacent, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the lame, as they appeared' to them, to the

4»-

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided The Noes went forth.

Mr. Fozvys,

Mr. George Onslow:

T n f v I Sir James

Tellers for the Noes, j wit. Rice:

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Lhurfday Morning, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Scotch Court of

An ingrafted Bill to amend an AcV, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled,

" An Act for settling and establishing a Court of Ex- Exchequer* €€ chequer in the North Part of Great Britain called €€ Scotlandby altering the Martinmas and Candlemas Terms in the said Court, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for altering the Times of holding the Martinmas and Candlemas Terms, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

Sir James Lowther reported from the Committee, to Heron Sykef whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign.

of

19 Geo. III.

30* Aprilis — 3

361

of his Majesty King George the*Second, intituled, An Act for the widening and repairing the High Road " leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties " of Laneaflar and Westmoreland, to the Town of

" Kirkby in Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby

in Kendal, through the Town of to Emont

" Bridge, in the said County of was re-

committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon,- were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir James Lowther presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill lor dividing and inclosing the Open Waites and Commons, lying in the Manor of Sleagill, in the County of Westmoreland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Grey Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was ‘ referred to consider of the Duties payable upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Cotton Wool, the Growth and Product of the Briiijk Colonies or Plantations in America, the Resolution which the Committee

had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz,

ResolvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable upon Cotton Wool, the Growth or Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, exported from this Kingdom to any

Parts beyond the Seas, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Quelbon put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Grey Cooper and Mr. Pulteney do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Refolded, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itlelfintoa Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net Salaries received by the Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench, the Chief Justice in the Court of Common Pleas, and the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, from the 31st: Day of January 1759 to the 31st Day of December 1778, distinguishing each Year, ba referred t > the said Committee.

Ordered \That the Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges of England, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Salaries of the Chief Justice and Second Justice of Chester, and the Six Justices of Wales, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Salary of the Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deductions from the Salaries of the Chief Justice of the King’s Bench, the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, the Chief

Vol. 37.

Baron of the Exchequer, the Puilhe Judges of the King’s Bench and Common Pleas, the Three Barons of the Coif of the Exchequer, the Fifth Baron of the Exchequer, the Chief Justice and Second Justice of Chester, and the Justices of the Great Sessions for Wales, for Land Tax, and the Duty of One Shilling in the Pound on Perquisites, be referred to the said Committee,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord allb acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Way» ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Mean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunaiy 30 die;

Anno 190 Georgii III. Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for paving, repairing, deanfing, Burton upon and lighting, the Town and Borough of Burton Trent

upon Trent, in the County of Stafford; and for remov- Street*,

ing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, And that the Title be. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Town and Borough of Burton upon , in the County of Stafford; and for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Sir William Bagol do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Little

Bowden

Inclosure.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, of and within the Manor, Lordship, or Liberties, of Little Bowden, in the County of was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, of and within the Manor, Lordship, or Liberties, of Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Kibworth tha Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Beauchamp and Common Pastures, lying and being within the *nc*0*"re'

4 Z Manors,

362 30 Mali. 1779.

Manors, Lordships, or Liberties, of ‘Beauchamp, Kibworth Harcourt, and Smeeton in

the Parish of Kibworth Beauchamp, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Kejo'ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, lying and being within the Manors, Lordships, or Liberties, of Beauchamp, -

worth Harcourt, and Smeeton Wefierby, in the Parish of KibxvorthBeauchamp, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunger ford do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

'» *

Estate! An ingrossed' Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting ih Trustees the Timber and Wood growing upon the Estate late belonging to Thomas Rous, Esquire, deceased, in the County of in Trust, to fell

the fame, and.apply the Monies arising the refixmi towards discharging certain Incumbrances affecting the Laid Elfatc; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Revived, That the Bill be committed ter Mr. Lygon, Mr . Townshend,&c.: And1 they are to meet this

' Aftfcrnoopf, at Five of the Clock, in die Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intifu'ed, An Act U ' for veiling certain Eft atm in the Counties of Carmarthen, Brecon, and Radnor (deviled by the Will of Roderick GWynne, Esquire, deceased) in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the- Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be ' settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Adams, Mr, Rice, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Cluck, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to prevent Abuses in the Payment of Wages Bone Lace to Persons employed in the-Bone and Thread Lace Ma-nufaftory, was read a Second Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Grenville, Mr. Grosvenor, Sec.:-And* they -are- to- meet- this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, ‘in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Knight ley reported from the Committee, to whom ^‘on> the- Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open j, IC|0^,rCi and Common Field*, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Parishes of -Milton, othcl-wile Middleton, Malfor, and CMng, otherwise Col-lingtrough, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee h^d examined* and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined.

tile Allegations of the Bill, arid found the same tube ..."

true; anti that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Corn* mittee (except the Proprietors of Three Yard Lands and a Quarter; and that the whole Property intended to be -‘ inclosed consists of 70- Yard Lands and Three Quarters, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, 1

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: ' (

Where toe Amendments were Once read throughout; 1

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed (o c

by the House. f

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be E

ingrossed. ' j

Churchill’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr.

Will, to enable the Executors and Trustees of the Will of Leeds:

Char'esChurchill, Esquire, deceased, and in the Mar- Mr. Speaker,

riage Settlement of Charles Churchill, Esquire, and Lady The Lords do desire, that this House will give Maria his Wife, to rails Money, by Sale or Mortgage Leave to Sir Merrick Burrell, Baronet, a Member of this-

of some of the Trust Securities, for advancing to the House,-to attend the House of Lords, in order to his

- '''Children, in their Father’s Life-time, Part of their being examined upon an Enquiry into the Management

Portions provided for then! by the Settlement, but of Greenwich Hof pit al: And alto,

" ‘ 'thereby not made payable till after his Decease, was read The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ' d Sctend Time. appointing new Trustees, in the Place of those de-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pown all, cealed,' for Sale of lo much of the F. fates late of Sir

'.M t. Stanley, See.: Arid they are to meet this After- William Oaf on, Knight, as will be sufficient for the

! no >n, at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker’s Cham- Payment of his Debts and Legacies by his Will

lifir. charged thereon; to which the Lords define the Concurrence of this House.

CiiitK’on rMr. Goddard preferred to the House, according to And then the Messengers withdrew.

Hodson -OrdftV a- Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, That this House will lend an Answer to

Iiidoiw". certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, that Part of the said Message which relates to Sir

t and other Commonable Lands, Meadows, and Waste Merrick Burrell, Baronet, a Member of this House,

Lands, within the Parish of Chf.edon, in the County of by Messengers of their own.

Wilts'. And, the same was received; and read the First And the Messengers were again called in, and Mr Time, Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved,' that the Bill be read a Second Time. And then the Messengers again withdrew.

i;

4

C

The Lords desire;

Leave for 1

a Member i» 1

attend them. t

Trustee* of t

DaTtou’j hllatet.

Answer to Lord*’ *

Menage. 1

Shaw Hill A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an C mi>e Act, P in r*lc Liiirticth Year of the Reign of King

Road George the S.cond, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road irbm, the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shm v Hillin Hie Parish of If;

through -Gorges Lane, Corsham, Biddeflon, and Tat ton, to the Turnpike Road at Combe, in the

‘Parish of Cay?/: Combe, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard, Mr. P ennui do cl;, h: And they are to meet this

Afternoon; at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. .

Mr. Winchcombe Hartley reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, arid inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common ncosure' Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Speen, in the County of Berks, W*ias -committed; That the Committee bad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th-of 1774,

relative to Bills of Inclosure,. -had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Hi 11, arkljound the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had' given their Content to the Bill, to Ihe Satisfaction of the Committee (ex-

Ekot

Jnooiure.

lr*n A don locloturc.

ft I lenhall lutloJurc,

19 Geo. III.

3° M

ccpt the Proprietors of about 34 Acres of Land; and that the whole known Property of the Fields and Lands to be inclosed amounts to 1,224 Azores or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bjil* and made ievejal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Hobfe; apd he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with- the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were O.tce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Q^.dion severally put thereupon, One of them was cl it a greed to, and the left were agreed to, by the House and several Amendments were made by the ld /ufe to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

Mr. Winchconth*Hartley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bili for dividing, allotting, and incloting certain Open and Common Fields, Comm >n Meadows, Common Pa flu res, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, within the I'ithing of Elcot, in the Parish of Kintbuiv. in the County of , was commit ed; Thu the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied w:th; and that the Committee had examined the Allegation* of t;.e Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Four Acres of Land, or thereabouts, who were not applied to; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed cenfifts of 33S Acres, or thereabouts; <ind that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dlreded him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second 'Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Commonable and Waste Lands, called

Acion Common, Miriepit Common, and Cock S/mte, within the Panda of IronAclon, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Rsfvlved, That the Bill do pass: And That the Title

be. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Commonable and Waste Lands, called A ft on Common, MarUpit Common, and Cock Shite, within the

Pa oh of Iron Acton, in the County of

Oruered, That Mr. Chester do carry the Bill to the Lords, anti defue thvir Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for confirming and establishing a Division and Inclosure of the C"onwn or Open Fields, and Waste Grounds, within the 1 ’.o'fb of in the County of Wilts, and cco n . Exchanges ot Lands and Estates within the said Partih, was read the Third 'Time.

Resolved, 'That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and etiaWishing a Division and Indolure of the Common or Open Fields, and Waste Grounds, within the Puriih of Milder, hall in the County of Wilts, and certain Exchanges of Lauds and Estates

within the said Parish'.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddock do carry the Bill to tr.e Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 37.

Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whorp Kiflingbaty the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Ope/i nclulure. and Common Fields, Common Padures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable. Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Kiftingbury, in the County of

Northampton, wa? committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the- House, of thp 25th of April 1.774, relative to . Bills, of Inclosure, had been conjp(ied, with; and lhat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and'that the Parties, concerned had given their Confen.t to the Bill, 'to the Satisfaction of the Committep (exqept the Owners of Eight Yard Lands, and Three Eighths, and One Cottage Common, who refused to sign the Bill; anil that the Wholp of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of Eighty Yajtl Lapds and One Quarter, and the Whole Number of Cottage Commons is Eight; end that no Person appeared before the Committee tp oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had. directed him to report to the House ;and lie read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom Horncastle, the Bill tpr the more easy and speedy Recovery of Set. Small Debts, within the Soake of Horncastle, and Wa- Small Debts, pentakes of IVraggoe, Gar tree, Louth,

and Calceworlh, and Parishes of 'Wangle, Leake, Le-

vertan, Benington, Butterwick, Freifton, and Fishtoft, in the Hundred of Skirbeck, in th County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined ,:.e Allegations of the Bili, and iound the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made tcveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Hyde, according to Order, reported ftom Duchy of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Limcaster, to sell and dispose of certain Fee Farm Rents and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements, within 11.e Survey 01 the said Duchy, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him. to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second 'Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bt ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Evenly Field, and Commonable Lands and G rounds, within the Inclosure. Manor and Parish of Evenly, otherwise Bury Manor, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Refulved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powys,

Mr. Knight ley , See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon.

e

Lantriflent

Roads.

Laws

relating to

Sewers.

3° Mali.

4 *779-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " several Roads leading to the Town of , and also the Road leading from Newbridge to a Place " called The Old FurtiaceyiM in the County of -

a gan," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Anthony Bacon, Mr. Grosvenor, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the ' Laws now in being relating to Sewers.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed; viz,

Pr. 6. 1. 20. After " Discontinuance" insert " Pro-M vided also, That before the Defendant in any such Suit, Action, " or Information, shall proceed toin- fist, as his Qualification, upon the " Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, contained in such Notice, " it shall be incumbent on him " to shew by what Means the " Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, specified in his Oath aforesaid, do no longer qualify him to " aft in the said Commission; the " Truth of which, as also of the " Particulars specified in the said " Oath, it shall and may be lawful " to and for the Plantiff or Informer, in such Suit, Action, or " Information, to controvert or disprove."

Pr. 24. I. 25. Leave out from the Word " Commisfioners" to the Word " are" in Line 28, and instead thereof insert "upon such Resort or Application shall, in the same aforesaid, " of the said Landholders or Landowners nor meeting, take a View " of the Premises, or in the same " of their having met, and not " agreeing upon a Kate, Tax, or " Assessment, shall summon the said " Landholders or Landowners to " shew Cause of such their Disagreement; and if upon such Summons they do not appear, or " shew sufficient Caule, in the Opinion of such Commissioners, why <l the said Rate, Tax, or Assessment, should not be laid, then " and in that Cafe, as well as in the " same of their not meeting as aforesaid, the said Commissioners."

Pr. 21. 14. After " Deputy" insert " under his " Hand."

Pr. 26. 1. 27. After the Word " Time" insert " calling to his Assistance, by publie Notice, the Landowners and " landholders residing within the " same (which Notice shall be given in the Parish Church or Churches immediately after Divine Service, at lead Four Days before the " Time at which he intends to " make such Survey) (lull, together

" with such as do attend, or if none do attend there, by himfdf."

1. 31. After the Words " thereof and" leave out " as he or they shall find," and " insert " if."

1. 32. After " Default" insert* n shall be found therein."

Pr. ay. 1. 24. After " Two Pence" insert " Pro- - vided nevertheless, That nothing " herein contained shall extend, or " be construed to extend, to prevent " (where such hath been the Usage "or Custom) Juries of Inquest walking, Purveying, and present- ing, the Defaults of the Sewers,

* Banks, and other Defences, within the Limits of their District."

Pr. 29. I. ult. Leave out from the Word " dec!ufted" to the Word " and" in the 10th Line of the 31st Preis.

Pr. 38. 1. 2*. After " made" insert " Provided " always, and be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or " be construed to extend, to the " County of , or to any

" Lands falling within the Jurisdiction of the Commission of " Sewers for the said County of " Norfolk."

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Bill for Order, a Bill for the more effectually preventing the per- preventing nicious Practices of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for Smuggling, indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws of the Customs and Excise, upon the Terms therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Auftfoiwm' Order, a Bill for altering, amending, and enforcing, lo Lcencti. much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences " to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers,

" and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses,

" and Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction, and " upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other " Instruments," as relates to the Method of granting Licences to Auctioneers, and to the collecting the Duties on Estates and Goods sold by Auction: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Export of Order, a Bill for granting a Drawback of the Duties Foreign imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, Wines, upon all Foreign Wines exported from Great to

any British Colony or Plantation in , or to any

britijli Settlement in the East Indies: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Navigation

Order, a Bill to explain lo much of an Act, made in Art.

the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation," as relates to the Importation into this Kingdom, and other His Mn-iefty’s Dominions, of Goods and Commodities of the

Growth

L*

1# Geo. III. 30

fruties

onSurdu

' end simplojincno.

Supply Bill; Poit Hories.

Supply.

Grotvtte of Bmdu&ioft of , A fid-, or,

which are manufactured in Foreign Parts; for preventing; Matters of Ships removing their Vessels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the’ Port of Lon-Joh, before t-he Goods are discharged, or their Vessels are cleared, by the proper Officers, Inwards or Outwards; arid-for allowing die Officers of the Customs and Ex-cife to make use of Lights on board Ships in the Haven, Dock, or Bason, at the Port of Kingston upon Hull: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Refb/vcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for better securing the Duties on Starch, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

ResolveJ, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

ResolveJy That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves -for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to regifLr or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been loll or millaid, and for allowing the mTime to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons us have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read a Second Time.

Ref !ved, That the Bill be committed.

ResolveJ, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole H.;use.

ResolveJy That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself info a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons Jetting to hire Hories for travelling Pod, and curtain Rates ana Duties on all Hories let to hire, for the Purpose of travelling Puft, and upon certain Carriages thereiri mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Tune.

ResolveJy That the Bill be committed.

ResolveJ, That the Bill be committed to a Committee oi the whole House.

ResolveJy That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ordy according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the llcsolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Ref lived. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Three thousand Six hundred Pounds pee Annum be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Juiliccs of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and the Puisne Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, for the Time being, in the Propor-

tion of Four hundred Pounds to each of the said Justices and Barons in every Year.

ResolveJ, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Vol. 37.

That the Surit of Five hundred founds per Annum be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in Augmentation

of the Salary of the Chief Baron of the Exchequer; fof the Time being.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed' Bill from die Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition of several Estates, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, between the honourable Charles William Wyndham, and other tbd Devisees of Charles late Earl of Egremont, deceased, and their Issue, and Charles Marquis of Granby, and Charlotte Coun* tess of Aylesford, and for veiling and settling the same to the several Uses therein mentioned; and for the several other Purposes. therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

ResolveJ, That the Bill be committed to the Earl of Tyrconnel, Mr. Marsham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent occasional Freemen from " voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs," might be read.

' And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, so explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act: And that Mr. Cake of , and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Act Act for Sale of the next Presentatiotis to certain Livings, late the Estates of Sir Griffith Boyntdn, Baronet, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for substituting other Parts of his Estates to be charged with his "Younger Children’s Fortunes, in Lieu of those by his Will charged therewith; and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Egerton, Mr. Strahan, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for appointing new Trullees, in the Place ol those deceased, for Sale of so much of the Estates late of Sir William Dalfion, Knight, as will be sufficient for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies by his Will charged thereon, was read the First Time.

ResolveJ, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Francis Osborne, Baron borne of Kiveton, in the County of York, commonly called Marquis of Carmarthen, with D'Arcy,

Baroness Conyers, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

' And the said Bill was read the First Time.

ResolveJ, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Act Act to enable the Guardians of Sir Charles Style, Baronet, an Infant, to grant Leases of his Freehold Estates in Middlesex during his Minority, and to effectuate the other Purposes therein mentioned, Was read a Second Time.

5 A,

Earl of EgranoDt’t Estates.

Occasional

Freemen.

Boynton'*.

Estates.

Trusteet

of

Dallten'i

Estates.

Marquis of Carmarthen's Divorce.

Style’s

Snap*.

ie

366

3* — 4 ° M&iL . 1779.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Powys, tec.i And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

W*y» The House was moved, That an Act, made in the nd Mean*. Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon all inhabited Houses within the Kingdom of Great might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the said Act.

American The House was moved, That the Entry in the Votes of the House, of the 29th Day of March last, of the Message lent to the Lords, to desire that their Lordships would give Leave to the Earl Cornwallis to come to a Committee of this House, who are appointed to take into Consideration several Papers pielented to this House, containing the Correspondence between His Majesty’s Ministers and Sir William Howe, to be examined relative to the Subject Matter of the said Papers, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do examine the Earl Cornwallis, relative to the Subject Matter of the said Papers;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Votes of the House, of the 29th Day of March last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tq take into Consideration the several Papers, which were presented to the House by Mr. De Grey, upon the 19 th Day of Marc last, pursuant to their Ad-dreis to His Majesty, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do examine the Earl Cornwallis relative to the Subject Matter of the said Papers.

Ordered, That Major General Sir Robert do

attend the said Committee, upon 7 Morning

next.

Ordered, That Major General Charles Grey do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That the honourable Colonel William court do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, Thai Colonel Charles O'Hara do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Colonel Paterson do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That yColonel Charles Mawhood do attend the said Commiteee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Colonel William do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Colonel Nesbitt Balfour do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Colonel William Gardiner do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Major John do attend the

laid Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Robert Mackenzie do attend Oie laid Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant General Sir Guy Carleton do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Right honourable the Earl of 2hz/-(jarras do attend the said Committee at the same 'Time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Colonel Kingston do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Money, of the Ninth Regiment, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Major Forbes do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Major Williams do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That the honourable Captain Strangewayc do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

7

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to veil the foie Right of printing Almanacks, in that Part of Great Britain called England, in the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and the Company of Stationers of the City of London, respectively, be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Resolved', That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. ’

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Marti*, 40 die Mail;

Anno 19* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1779. Prate*.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge at Worcester, over the River Severn, and for opening convenient Avenues to the said Bridge, to finish ana complete the said Bridge, and to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution, was Read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge at Worcester, over the River Severn, and for opening convenient Avenues to the said bridge, to finish and complete the said Bridge, and to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution.

Ordered, That Mr. Waifs do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, in the Manor and Parish of Wanborough, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the-House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bill* of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true,; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value 368.17 0 who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value of f. 16, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Estates, interested in the said Inclosure, are of the Annual Value of £. 1,847. ^s. o or thereabouts’;

Alma nuclei;

settling th* Right qb Printing.

Supply.

Way* and Mean*.

Worcester

Bridge.

Wonbormigh

Inclosijr*

Korntaftlt, &c. Smail Deb*.

Poribun

Hoads.

19 Geo. III. 40 Man. 367

abouts} and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a $econd Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of (mail Debts within the Soake of and Wapentakes of Wraggoc, Gar tree, Louth EJke, Lud-borough, and Ca.'ceznorth, and Parishes of,

Leverton, Benington, Bv.tterwick, and

in the Hundred of Skirbsck, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small D^bts, within the Soake of HorneaJUe , and Wapentakes of Wraggoe and Gartree (except the Parish of Great Sturton) and within the Wapentakes of Louth Ejke, Ludborough, and Cal and Parishes of Wrangle, Leake,tLevert on, Benington, But ter wick,

ton, and Fishtoft, in the Hundred of Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Peribns, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, who have lent and advanced Money on Credit of an Act of Parliament, made in the Thir-tich Year of the Reign of his hate Majesty King the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Croft Keys, otherwise Bricker's Barn,

" in the Parish of Corfiam, in the County of Wilts,

" to Bath Easton Bridge, in the County of Somerset and also of several Gentlemen of the said County of Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Maucr of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read , and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several printed Newspapers were produced to your Committee, of the nth, 15th, »8th, 22d, 25th, and 29th of March last, wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of the Lid Act, were inserted. And,

James Mafkallsaid. That a Copy of the Notice

was affixed on the Doors of the Sessions Houses of Burton and Devizes, at the last Sessions, agree-

able to the Leave of the House granted for those Purposes.

The IIoul"e was moved, That the Report, which, upon the 9th Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, who have lent and advanced Money On the Credit of an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, majting commodious, u and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Croft " Keys, otherwise Bricker's B, in the Parish of Cor~ " sham, in the CouDty of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge,

" ;n the County of Somerset;" and also of several Gentlemen of the said County of Wilts, was referred, might be again read.

Vet. 37.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Croft Keys, otherwise Bricker's Barn, in the Parish of Coifham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge, in the County of Somerset; And that Mr. Goddard, Mr. Penruddock, and Sir Edward Bayn-tun, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chester reported from the Committee, to whort) Bristol the Bill for repealing the Acts, passed in the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Years of King George the Second, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Bristol, and for granting other Powers for that Purpose; and for making and maintaining a new Road from the Turnpike Gate near Stokes Croft, in the field Road, to the Turnpike Gate near The Blackbirds, on the Stapleton Road, near the said City, was recommitted; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (B), being federally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (B), the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

And the Question being pur, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Rcf:due of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Elcot certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Indofint, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, within the Tithing of Elcot, in the Parish of r

Kmtbury, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, within the Tithing of Elcot, in the Parish of > Kintbury, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- $pcei> doling, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Iaclofww Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Speen, in the County of Berksp was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: and that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands ami Grounds, within the Parish of Speen, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of James Berkenhout, of Great Russel Berkenhout’j Street, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, in Be- Scarfcr

half

4* Man. . 1779*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolv That the Bill be committed to & Committee 1 ?

of the whole House. . s

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting a Drawback of the Duties im- Export af posed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, Foreign upon all Foreign Wines exported from Great Win"-

to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committed of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and likewise a superior Method of dying Linen and- House, Upon the said Bill.

Cotton in general; and that this Art of dying Scarlet

and Crimson on Linen and Cotton has been long wanted A Bill for altering, amending, and enforcing, so Autflontm’1 and fought for in Great Britain, as well as otheT Parts much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Licences. ’ of Europe; and that the Scarlet and Crimson Colours so Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for produced are true, fixed, grained Colours, and not " granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences j

composed of defective and fugitive Materials; that thfc " to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers,

Process thereof is only known to the Petitioner and the " and certain Rates and Duties on act Lands, Houses,

said Thomas Clark, but that the Permanency of the " Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction, and upon

said Colour^ has been proved to the Satisfaction of able " Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Instru- ,

Chymists; and the Want and Utility of such Colours " ments," as relates to the Method of granting Li-

bave been attested by the Certificate of the most con- cences to Auctioneers, and to the ‘collecting- the Duties -

siderable Manufacturers of, and Dealers in Linen and on Estates and Goods sold by Auction, Was read a

Cotton Goods; and representing to the House, that Second Time.

'this DifeOvery Will, by improving and extending the Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Manufacture Of Linens and Cottons, prove of great Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit- J

Importance and National Advantage, dn<f (if carefully tee of the whole House. -1

preservedj become an exclusive Trade, the same being Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-ais yet unknown to Foreign Countries; and that the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole Petitioner and the said Thomas Clark are willing to House, upon the said Bill. '

make a Discovery of this Mode of dying Scarlet and '

‘Crimfoh Cdfouts on Linen and Cotton, as also of dying Ordered, That Sir Andrew Sttape Hammond do, upon Amtricaa. 1 such Materials in general, in such Manner, and under Thursday Morning next, attend the Committee of the Affl;rs- 1

such Regulations, a? the Wisdom of the Legislature Whole House, who are appointed to take into Confide- !

shall approve; the Petitioner, therefore, on Behalf of ration the several Papers which were presented to the 1

himself dnd the said Thomas Clark, pfays the House to House by Mr. De Grey, Upon the 19th Day of March 1

take the Prerhifes Into Consideration, and submits to last, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty. I

tfve Bounty and Generosity of Parliament the Considera- " 1

lion'of the Encouragement and Reward, which so Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; 1

useful and important a Discovery shall seem to them to to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Poftlleria.

merit. upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Du-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ties on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons letting

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- to hire Horses for travelling Post, and certain Rates

mine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast con- and Duties on all Horses let to hire, for the Purpose

tained irt the said Petition: of travelling Post, and upon certain Carriages therein

And it is referred to Sir Herbert Mackworth, Sir Grey mentioned, be now read.

Coop&, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- And the said Order being read accordingly;

ing, at is’ine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

and have power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Cords.

half of himself, and of Thomas Clark, of the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, Dyer, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and'read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner and the said Thomas Clark nave for several Years applied themselves to the Discovery of a proper Method of dying Scarlet and Crimson on Linen and Cotton, and, after great Labour and Study, as well as a very conficlerable Expence, have not only accomplished the fame, but have produced a Crimson thereon equal to that Colour on Silk, and a Scaflet equal to that Colour on Woollen Goods; and that they have likewise found out a Method of dying the above Colours in Piece Goods as well as on Yarn',

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House iwf A Bill to explain so much of an Act, made in the to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, onStaich. Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, upon the Bill for better securing the Duties on Starch, intituled, "An Act for the encouraging and encreasing be now read.

" of Shipping and Navigation," as relates to the Im- And the said Order being read accordingly;

portation into (his Kingdom, and other His Majesty’s The House resolved itself into the said Committee

Dominipm, of Goods and Commodities, of the Growth Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

or Production of Africa, Asia, or America, which are Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee,

manufactured in Foreign Parts; for preventing Matters Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

of Ships removing their Veflbls out of the Stream, except Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they to the lawful Quays in the Port of London, before the had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-Gocds sire discharged, or their Vessels are cleared, by ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report,

the proper Officers Inwards or Outwards; and for al- when the House will please to receive the same, lowing the Officers of the Customs and Excise to make Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Ufc of Lights On board Ships in the Haven, Dock, or Morning.

Bason, at the Port of Kingston upon Hull, was read a

Second Time. The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second

Reading

Dtfconrage-ir.cm of Adultery,

Htfland

Inclosurt.

fttannS 10 the Militia-

Office!

I ml $mpIo)menti.

ICiflingburj

lncioiure*

19 Geo. III. 40- — 5a Mail 369

Reading of the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, 'An Act for the more effectua) Discouragement of the Crime of Adultery.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, Thar the said Bill be now read a Second Time; The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas J Mr' 7

1 euers for the 1 eas, miiiam . J

Tellers for the Noes

S<j

I Sit

40.

Lord George Henry Ca) v, |

( Sir George: )

it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Four Months.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Hujland, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Henry Cavendish, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet th>s Afternoon, at f ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Revived, That this House will, upon Friday Mom* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole liuuie, to confiJer further of the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in being, relative to the Militia Forces of this kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissinns have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or having been damped, have been lod or rnifiaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 50 die Maii;

Anno 19" GeorguIII,u Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Padures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of lingbury, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Padures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of in

the County of Northampton.

VOL. 37 . f

Ordered, That Mr. Knight ley do carry the Eill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Milton, doling, 1 he Open and Common Fields, Common Paf- jnc^ure> tures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Pari (lies of Milton, otherwise Middleton, Ma/for, and '

Coiling tree, otherwise Collingtrough, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Parishes Milton, otherwise Middleton, Ma/for, and Col/ingtree, otherwise Collingtrough, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Knightley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, — pm to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Elhtc. An Act for vesting in Trustees, and their Hei'S, the settled Estate of John Tempes, Esquire, situate in the County of Kent, in Trust, to fell 'the fame, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Linds and Hereditaments, to be settled, in Lieu thereof, to the feme Uses, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation into this from Kingdom of Hemp, of the Growth of the Kingdom of Ireland* Ireland, for a limited Time; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Biertou for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and Commonable inctofur*. Places, within the Parishes and Liberties of Bierton and Hu/cot, in the County of Bucks; with some Amend-

ments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. '

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Owen of Pembroke reported from the Commit- TitchfieM, tee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, in- *c-tituled. An Act to impower certain Persons to enfran- en 1 e* chife divers Copyhold and Customary Lands and Tenements, within the several Manors or Lordships of Titchfield, Lee, Marks, and Mirabell Crofton, and land,: n the County of Southampton; anti for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties.

concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

‘ And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

j B Resolved,

5° Mali.

j. 1779.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Owen of Pembroke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Wmboroujh An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open inclosure. Common Fields, Common Meadows. Common Pastures, Wide Lands, and Commonable Places, in the Manor and Parish of Wanborough, in the County of Wilts was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open Common Field*, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, in the Manor and Parish of Wanborough, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddoek do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cerlhani Mr. Penruddoek presented to the House, according Road*. to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Cross , otherwise Pricker's Bam, in the Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge, in the county of : And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wrexham Sir Watkin Williams Wynn reported from the Com-Road; mittee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and DiH'rMt Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keepingin Repair, the Roads from the Town of ham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, " in the County of Flint, and from the Town of Mold " to Northop, Holywell, and Rhuddlan, in the same " County, and from thence to the Ferry House ofpofite the Town of Conway, in the County of Car-" narvon, and from Ruthin to the said Town of as relates to the District of Road from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

D«chy of An ingrafted Bill to enable the Chancellor and £°unc*l the Duchy of to sell and dispose

of certain Fee Farm Rents and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within the Survey of the said Duchy, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain Fee Farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements, within their Survey, and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy.

Ordered, That the Lord Hyde do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Oid, according to Order, reported from the «b Surch. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better securing the Duties on Sttuch, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee hid made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Rejiort in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the CLrk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition the lever.-, I Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Framework Knitters, residing in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and Places adjacent; and alto, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names arc thereunto lub-feribed, Framework Knitters, residing in the Town c-f Ixicester, and Places adjacent; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto tub* feribed, Framework Knitters, refilling in the Town of Derby, and Places adjacent; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, Framework Knitters, residing in the Town of Godalming, in the County of Surrey, and Places adjacent; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Framework Knitters, residing in the Cities of London and minster, and in the County of Middlesex; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whole Name9 are thereunto subscribed. Framework Knitters, residing in the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of and

Places adjacent; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Frame* work Knitters, residing in the County of Northampton, and Places adjacent, were severally referred.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions.

John Long being examined, said. That he is a Framework Knitter, and lives at That he has

been above Nineteen Years in the Business — That he is a good Workman — That Workmen could then earn, about Two Shillings and a Penny a Day; but that at this Time a good Workman cannot earn more than is. 7 d.out of which he has to pay Three Pence a Day for Frame Rent, and about Three Pence more for Winding, Seaming, Needles, and Candles — That Numbers of Workmen cannot earn so much, and that a Man must work from Six in the Morning till Ten at Night to earn 1 j. yd. — That Provisions are now incrcaled in Price full One Third — That the same Articles were manu-fastured 19 Years ago as now — That he thinks the Decrease of Workmen’s Wages to be owing to the Mailers refusing to give any more — That in the Course of the Time he has known the Trade, the Matters have in One Instance reduced the Price of Work is. a Dozen — The Value of a Frame is about Six or Seven Pounds, and he pays if. 6 d.a Week Rent for One, whether he has any work or not — That he has been obliged to pay Frame Rent although his.Master has not given him Work, and in Gale of illness he is obliged to pay Frame Rent — When Work is given, it takes up some Time to prepare the Materials for the Loom — That a Matter will not employ a Man who has a Frame of his own; they oblige the Persons they employ to hire a Frame of them, otherwise they will not employ them — That the Workmen are in a starving Condition, and are obliged to submit to the Matters Terms — That Framework Knitting is a difficult Manufacture, and cannot be thoroughly learnt in 20 Years — That several Hollers in Tewkesbury compel the Men to buy the Materials

Fnmtwoct

Knitter,*

HV*.

19 Geo. III. 5

terials and make Hie Stockings, which they afterwards purchate of them, and (bmetimes throw them upon the Hands of the Workman — The Men are compelled to boy the Cotton Wool from the Masters, and fell it to the Spinners, and then purchase the Thread from the Spinners — That they give 2s. 4J. lb. for the belt Cotton, which he believes does not cost the fvlafter more than 18 d.per lb. — That they only make Two-thread Cotton Hole at Tewkesbury.

Wright Hawley being examined, said, That he is a Framework Knitter; he lives at Nottingham, and has been in the Business about 35 Years — That he wotks in the Silk Way, and could not earn above is.a Day 20 Years ago, working from Seven in the Morning till Nine or Ten at Night, and that he can now earn about 18 or 2or/, a Day clear, working the same Hours — That the Price of Provi lions is increased One Third — That Journeymen j>ay 1/. 3d. per Week Frame Rent — That Silk Frames cost about £. 7 at this Time — That they pay Frame Rent for the Week, though they stand idle for Want of Stuff — That they pay Half Frame Rent the Three Holiday Weeks in the Year — That he has been out of Work a Week and some odd Days since , for

Want of Work from his Mailer, but was obliged to pay Frame Rent — That there are many Hollers at Nottingham who have Hinted their Men lrom making more than Three Pair of Hole per Week, at 2 per Pair, and some at 2J. tlVough the Men could have made Four Pair in a Week — That there are Silk Hose marked at 30 Silk, for which the Workman it only paid 28 Silk, which makes a Difference of is a Pair to the Workman — That the Masters exact from the Workmen, Work of a finer Quality, paying the Price for an inferior Quality — That about 600 Frames were unemployed at Nottingham about a Month or Six Weeks ago — Twenty Years ago they were all employed — That there has not been many Frames made within the last 13 Years.

John Rogers being examined, said. That he is a Framework Knitter, and lives in London; he has worked at Nottingham and Leicester, and has been in the Trade 23 Years — That Frame Rent is is. a Week in London, whether he works or not — That he has frequently been delayed in hi* Work Two or Three Hours at a Time, for Want of Stuff — That the Value of a Frame is about Seven or Eight Pounds; he has known Four Frames fold, within this Three Months, for 12. for. Two of which now let out at per Week — That it costs the Workman from $d. to 8 per Week, at the lead, for Needles, Candles, and Fire.

Mr. Edward Luck being examined, said. That he is a Framework Knitter, and lives at Godalming — That he has known the Trade ever since the Year 1725 — That the Prices for Work are not so high at present as when he first knew the Trade — In some Articles the Price is reduced Three Pence a Pair, and in the higher-jjriced Sort Sixpence — That a good Workman at Go-dalming cannot earn more than 6s. 6d. a Week clear, upon an Average; they Work 12 or 13 Hours a Day-Frame Rent is i$d.and some at is. per Week — That the Price of Provisions is in many Articles very near double — That a good Workman, who has Two Children, cannot live by the Trade, and many at Godalming receive Alms of the Parish, which he knows by transading the Parish Accounts — He has not worked at the Trade 14 or 15 Years, and he has known many good Hands leave the Trade because of the reduced Price of Work — That some have left the Trade for Want of Work, but more on Account of the reduced Prices.

John Clark being examined, laid, That he is a Framework Knitter, and lives at Derby — That he has known the Trade ever since the Year 1753 — That the Prices were then higher than now in some Articles, particularly in the finer Sorts; a good Workman can clear about 6s. 6 d.per Week — That he cannot earn more Umself, with working 13 Hours a Day — That they pay

Vot 37*

9 Maii. 171

about 16 d.a Week Frame Rent, and the Owilcrof the Frame has about 13 d.of it clear — That he can earn about 8 s.4 d.a Week, and a very extraordinary good

Workman may earn about is. id. mofe, but there are very few such Hands; he does not pay Flame Rent when he does not Work — That the Necessaries of life are greatly advanced in Price, and that Frefli Meat is double the Price — That the Number of Workmen about Derby is reduced near One Half within the last 14 Years — That it the present Prices are reduced One Penny a Pair, he mull apply to the Parish for Relief — -he has a Wife and Seven Children, and if his Children could not assist him, he must obtain Relief from the Parish — That he bought Stockings Twenty Years ago full as cheap as he can buy them now, and the Materials better.

Moses Hill being examined, said. That he is a Framework Knitter, and lives at White Friars, and has been in the Business about 16 Years — he served his Time at Derby.

The Witness then produced to your Committee, a Pair of black Silk Stockings, and said, That lie made them for Messrs Waller and Savignac, in the —

That he was first employed by them in a 28 Frame to make 26 Work — then he was employed to work in a 30 Frame to make 28 Work — That he asked the Undertaker what Mark he must put in the Welt of the Stockings then produced, and he told him he must put a 30 Mark, which is a Difference of is. a Pair to the Workman — That the Goodness of the Silk and the Workmanship, makes the most material Difference in Stockings — he pays Two Shillings a Week Frame Rent* and has paid for the Use of a Frame, when his Master has not had Silk for him for the whole Week, and frequently for Three or Four Days, from different Masters he has worker! with — That 12 Hours is a Common Day’s Work; and that he can make Three Pair of such Stockings, as those produced in a Week — he calls himself as good a Workman as most in the Trade, and can earn about 9r. a Week clear of all Expences.

! Thomas Lilly being examined, said, That he is a

Framework Knitter, lives near Piccadilly, and has been in the Trade Five or Six and Twenty Years — That he works in the Silk way now, and has worked in all the Branches in the Plain Way — That the Prices to the Workman are greatly reduced within these 20 Years — That he can now earn about Ten or Eleven Shillings a Week, working about 12 Hours a Day, out of which he has to pay about 2J. tid. or 2J. and 9 d. of which is. is for Frame Rent — That he has' several Times paid Frame Rent though his Master had not Silk to go on with, and particularly about last February he had of his Master Work for only Seven Pair of Hose in Three Weeks, for which he received about 1 ys. out of which he paid 6s. for Frame Rent — and that he could have made about 12 or 13 Pair in the same Compass of Time.

Paul Booth being examined, said, That he is a Framework Knitter, and lives at That he

has known the Trade 34 or 35 Years, and has worked both in England and Ireland.

The Witness then produced to your Committee, a printed Lift of the Prices agreed on by and between the Masters and Journeymen Stocking-makers of the City of Dublin, printed by Order of the Right honourable Rebat Ross, Esquire, Lord Mayor of the City of Dublin, in the Year 1749. And being further examined, he said. That he has worked by that Regulation — That both the Masters and Men were satisfied with it, and that he believes it is now subsisting — That he works at present in Silk, Worsted, and Cotton, and calls himself a good Workman — ^That he can make Three Pair and an Hose of 24 Silk, in a Week, working 12 or 13 Hours a Day — That he pays is. a Week Frame Rent, whether he works or not 1 for Needles $d. Candles 6 d.,in Winter Time, and Coals about Two

Pence

Frarrework

Knitters1

Wages*

372 5* Mali, 1779.

Frimfwrrk pence or Three Pence — That he has 3;. per Pair for Sir Charles presented to the House*, accord-Wa making 24 Siik Hose — That he paid is. a Week, Irish ing to Order, a Bill to explain and amend the Laws now reta'

‘ Currency, for Frame Rent, when he was in Ireland — in being, relating to the Transportation and the 1 ill- Tran sputa.

That he had generally full Employment when he was in prisonment of certain Offenders: And the same was

Ireland-, and could earn, according to the Bill of Rates received; and read the Fi 1 ft Time, in Ireland, 15 or 1 6s, Irtfh Currency, per Week; That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Provisions were then Moderate; and that he worked in Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Ireland about 23 Years ago. upon Friday Morning next.

'joseph Stockley being examined, said. That he is a Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Framework Knitter, lives at Nottingham, and has known

th- Business ,6 Years — That he could earn about 1 is. Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to .?^T*

a Week, so Years ago, deducting Outgoings about Order, a Bill for more effectually preventing Frauds by

is. 4 d. — That the Outgoings are much the same now private Distillers, and for the better fecunng the Du-

as at that Time — That the Work the Men now receive ties on Low Wines and Spirits: And the same was re-

\<)d. for, they, received Two Shillings for Twenty Years ceived; and read the First Time.

ago — That Provisions are near double in Price — That That the Bill be read a Second Time.

if the present Prices were reduced, a good Workman

could not luhfift, even though they worked ever so hard Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the - — That he thinks a Bill of Rates, at the bed Prices now Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en-paid, will be of public Utility, and be a Means of fav- larging the Powers, of several A<Sts of Parliament, &c. ing the Trade — That he thinks, if a Bill for that Pur- made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, ^<*4 pole was to pass, it would not increase his Profits above the Eighth Year of King George the First, and the 6d. per Week in the Work he now works upon; but Twenty-Second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing in some Work it would be 3;. Increase to a good Work- the Road leading from Bridge, in the County

man — That if the Prices were established, he thinks the of to Sparrow's Herne, in the County of

Mailers could afford to fell at the same Price as now — Hertford, was committed; That the Committee had exa-That there has been Disputes between the Mailers and mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Men upon Account of the Application to Parliament to be true; and that the Committee had gone through lall Year, and some Men have been turned away — the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which That Stockings were better formerly than now — That they had directed him to report to the House; and lie a Frame is worth about Six Pounds, and they pay is, read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered per Week Frame Rent — That if the Frame Rent was the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Ta-lowered and moderated it would be of great Advantage ble: Where the Amendments were Once read through-to the Workman; anew Frame will cost about £. 16 out; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, or £ 17 a Frame was worth £. 7 more 20 Years ago upon the Question Icverally put thereupon, were agreed than now — The Common Frames about £. 13 — He to by the House.

has known a good Frame fold for 40J. — That a Maf- A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to pre* ter will not employ a Man without taking a Frame; vent evading Payment of the Tolls, but if a Man ules his own Frame, the Mailers charge And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; him half Price. which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the

Thomas Morton being examined, said, That he is a Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Framework Knitter, lives in London, and has known the made Part of the Bill.

Trade a8 Years, and calls himself a good Workman — A nother Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That be cannot earn above 10s. a Week at bell, and for giving Power to make Ditches and erect Polls, to pay Expences, as Frame Rent ij. 3 d., Needles 3*/., And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; and \d. Candles, and ad. for Coals when he works at which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the the Silk — That he has been obliged to work 24 Hose Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be

on a 28 Frame, which makes a Pair of Hole a Week made Part of the Bill.

Jess to the Workman — That he has been obliged to Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mark the Hose as a6 when they were but 24 — That he ingrafted.

is paid for making those Hose 2J. and %d.; and that the Price for making 28 Hose is Shillings. The Lord North presented to the House, by His

trcorge Ludgate being examined, laid. He is a Frame- Majesty’s Command,

work Knitter — lives in Northamptonshire — has known An Account of the Monies issued at the Receipt of Account the Trade 32 Years; and confirmed the Evidence of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Reve- Aireriai

the last Witness, except as to the false Marking. nues, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied He. ton

Ordered, That Leave be given tc bring in a Bill for and paid for the Relief and Benefit of sundry Ame-better regulating the Business of Framework Knitting, rican Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on and for preventing Frauds and Abuses therein: And Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Govern-that Mr. Medows, Mr. Robert Smith, Mr. Coke of Der- ment, between 10th February 1778 and the 28th Fe-by, and Lord Edward Bent inch, do prepare, and bring bruary 1779.

in, the fame. And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

u.

19 Geo. III. . 5 373

An ACCOUNT of the Monies issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, purl'uant to His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied and paid for the Relief and Benefit of fundty American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government.

To Milward Rovee, Esquire, between the 10th Day of February 1778 and the 28th Day of

February 1779 - - £. 60,527. 3. 6*

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Bierton The House proceeded to take into Confederation the *n:* Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, JSr Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parishes and Liberties of Bierton and Huicot, in the County of Bucks.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 25. 1. 11. Leave out from " them" to " such " in Line 22, and insert " Quantity, " Quality, and Situation considered, " shall be equal in Value to One " Sixth Part of all the Lands in " Bierton Upper End Field aforesaid, " which are subject and liable to " the Payment of Tithes to the said " Prebendary, or the said Sir Wit-- ' " Ham Lee, as Lessee as aforesaid,

v "and the said Vicar; which said

" Sixth Part shall be estimated or " valued by the said Commissioners, J or any Two of them, and the

" Amount of such Estimate or " Valuation shall be divided into " Seven Parts -r and such Part of " the Lands so set out as shall " be equal in Value to Six. of such " Seven Parts shall be allotted to " the said Prebendary, or the said " Sir Lee, as LclTee as afotv-

" laid, and the remaining Seventh " Part to the said Vicar and his " Successors.’’

The fa'd Amendments being 1 eve rally read a Second Time, were.ttpon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. James Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Slea&iU A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Wastes Inclosure. Antj Commons, lying in the Manor of in the County of IFeJlnoreland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Michael Le Fleming, Sir James Lout her. Sec: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Heron Syke, An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the widening and repairing the High Road

Vl>L. 37.

" leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties " of Lancaster and Westmoreland, to the Town of

" in Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby in Ken*

" dal, through the Town of Shapp, to Emont " in the said County of JV was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pad: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for widening and repairing the High Road lead'

" ing from Heron Syke, which divides the Courtties of

Lancaster and Westmortlemd, to the Town of Kirkby in " Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby in Kendal, u through the Town of Shapp, to Emont Bridge, in the " said County of Westmoreland."

Ordered, That Sir James Lowther do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

The House was moved, That the Petition of several of His Majesty’s Roman Catholic Subjects of Norsk Britain, which was presented to the House upon the 18th Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now read.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1778, has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 20th Day of April 1779, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee. 1 1 01

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River ! Thames, and which have not been made g»od by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had dire sted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. v

C Ordered,

Petition from the Scotch Catholic*.

Supply-

¥?4

5" — 6° Mail

A.

Way*

and Means.

Xdhury,

cc.

inclosure.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord ilfd acquainted the House, That he was 4irected by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raisinMhe Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Net Produce at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer of the several Stamp Duties, granted by the Acts of the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, and of the Second and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, for augmenting the Salaries of the Judges of England and Wties, for Seven If ears, ending the tfth 0ay of 1779,

distinguishing each Year; and also an Account of the total Amount of the Surpluses of those Duties remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1779, after Payment of the several Allowances then due and payable out of the lame, by the A els of the Thfrty-second Year of King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, be referred to the said , Committee. (

Ordered, That the Account of the Surplus that retrained in the Receipt of (he Exchequer, on the 5th Day, of April 1778, of the Dedu^ions of Sixpence in the Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, rensions, Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satisfying all Annuities and other Charges then due and payable out of the same (which was presented to the House upon "the 10th Dry of April in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to the said Committee. ' .

Then the "Floule refblved itself'into the fold Com-"lnltfee.' .

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

. of 1 lc j That the Report be received Tomorrow

M r'c.ipg.

Mr. O'd also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

1779.

Tiuute, to coftlider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A,nd then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

djov by 6° die Maii\

Anno if Georgii J1I111 Regis*'i 779.

PxAVliRS. ’ -

K.'L ygon reported from "the Committee, to whom , r — the Bill for dividing arid inclosing the Open and Common' Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,-. and other Commonable and Waste Lands, o Bozvld, and Fofcott, within the' Manor and Parish of bounty of Oxford, was committed ;"That"

r

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 45th of April 177+» relativd to Bills of Incloaire, bad been corn plied with; and that the Committee had: examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto 1 which, they had directed him to report to the House; and he road the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of WreXhaw, in the County of , to Bridge,

" in the County of Flint, and from the Town of Mold " to Northop, Holyzvell, and , in tire tame

" County, and from thence to the Ferry House, oppo* " site the Town of Conzvay, in the County of Car norvon, and from Ruthin to the said Town of as relates to the District of Hoad from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much‘of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Wrexham, " in the Coilnty of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the " County of Flint, and from the Town of Mold to Northop, fjlolyzveil, and Rhuddlan, in the some County, 4‘ and from thence to the Ferry House, opposite the " Town of Conzvay, in the County of and

" from Ruthin to the said Town of as relates

to the District of Road from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint.

Ordered, That Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A 'Message from the Lords, by Mr. Brozvning and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of Ashover, in the County of Derby, without any AmendmentAnd also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Township o f Amcotts, in the Parish of in the County of

Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Hamlet of in the Parish of Spelfbury, in the Counry of;

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Trustees, named if! the Will of Richard Ptrjehowse, late of Reynolds Hall, in the County of Stafford, Esquire, deceased-, to borrow and take up at

Interest,

Wrfxtm JW: Ruthin Diltnft.

Afliover

Inclcsure.

Amcotf*

Inclosure.

Dean

ImJosure*

Perfirnowfc'a

Eilttes.

Account;

Aakof

fcwftRkd

Good*.

fcP9»I-

Ways *n<l Mvam,

19, Gjeck in.

6* M

375

Ituer^ft, on Mcrtg^gft of; tfje Freehold Estate? late of tka^. fil’d Richafd PjrphtfV.fi, any Smn or Sums of J^oncy, not exceeding th* Syiu of Three tfiou&od Three hundred Pounds, to be applied in or towards the Purchase <4 the Copyhold Huft4t<$ late of t^e laid favfii to which live Lords, dffite the Concurrence of

<UU House.

ad then the Mcftug^ withdrew.

The Hauft l#iqg infer med that Mr- fychordfa, from the Commissioners of the Custopu>, attended at the Dpor; h$calkd io» and, at the' printed to the Mflufe. putfowt to the« GUder,

-»n Account of die 2fccf Produce arifiijg frptn the of ftooda feiuggfed iotp GBritain, ’and fold a( tire fevttp puftvprffoufe? in Inland, frojn the 5th January 1760 to the 5th January 1779; dUUnguishing each Year.

And then he

And tlx Title of the said Account was read-

QrJffcAThat the kid Account do lie upon the TaJble, t® bepetufed by, the Ambers of the tf <?u(e.

The laid Account is on?ferv$4 amopjgft t£e pthey Papers of this $£#0,0.

Mr. Ord, t&offng to Qrdgr, icpojted fpofl? the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refilved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-six thousand Seven hundred and Forty-four Pounds Four Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year pne thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Refihcd, That it is the'Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Thirty-two thousand Nine hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Two Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this House.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Five hundred and Eighty-six Pounds and Seventeen Shillings, be granted to Mis Majesty, to replace the like Sum, which, has been ilined, by .1 lis Majesty’s Orders, to Mr. DuncanCampbell, for the Expence of confining,

maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River Thames.

The laid Kefelutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. OrJ,according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole I loufe, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the lldblutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follosveth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tftis Committee, That the several Duties on all inhabited Houses within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which were granted to His Majesty by an A(51 made in the last Session of Parliament, shall, from and after the jth Day of July »779, cease $nd determine.

Revived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to His Majesty a Yearly Duty of 5;xpence in the Pound on all inhabited Dwelling

Vox.. 37. '

Houses, with the Hpufehold and other 0dices, Courts* Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, which arc, or shall be, worth the Rent of Five Pounds, and Upwards, and under Twenty Pounds, by the Year; and a'Yearly Duty of Nine Pence in the Pound bn all inhabited Dwelling Houses, with their Appurtenances, as aforesaid, which are, or shall be, worth the Rent of Twenty Pounds, arid upwards, and under Forty pounds, by the Year; and a Yearty Duty of One Shilling in the Pound on all other inhabited Dwelling Houses, with their’Appurtenances, as aforesaid, which rife, or shall be," wortu the Rent of Forty Pounds, arid upwards, by' the Year; the said Duties to be paid by the Occupiers of such Dwelfing Houses, with their Appurtenances,'as aforesaid respectively,

QeJolvetL, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, out of the Produce of the Funds establishCd ‘ by Three A#$ of Parliament, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georgethe Second, anti in the Second and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for augmenting the Salaries of the Judges in England and , arid out‘ of the Produce of the Deductions of* Sixpence in the toting out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pen-pons; Annuities, and other payments from (he Crown, l^ter Satisfying the Annuities, and other Annual* Payments, now respectively charged upon the fame, there Be issued and applied the Annual Sum of Four thousand One hundred rounds, for making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, for Augmentation of the Salaries of the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and of the Puisne Justices of the Courts

of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and the Puifiie Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' That the Sum of Fifteen thousand Two hundred and Ninety-seven Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence Farthing, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1779, of the Surphiffes of the several Stamp Duties granted by the Acts of the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, and of the Second and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, for augmenting the Salaries of the Judges of England and Wales, after Payment of the several Allowances

then due and payable out of the lame, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied to the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Chief Baron of the Court of Et-cheqoer at Westminster, and of the Puisne Justices of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and the Puisne Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in aipon the Two First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the Lord Beauch, Mr. Cornwall, the Lord Westcote, the Lord Palmerston, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " a Duty upon all Servants, retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing several Rates ^nd Duties upon Glass, im- posed by an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of " the Reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to N" His Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Glass, in " Lieu thereof; and for the better collecting the " Duties upon Glass; and for repealing thri several " Rates and Duties charged by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, upon all Persons and Bodies Politic and

Corporate

Duties »a Houses and Servants,

*«ppir-

376 6* Maiu 1779.

* Corporate having certain Quantities of Silver Plate," " Coif of the Court of Exchequer at , for

might be read. " the Time being, in the Proportion of Four hundred

And the same being read accordingly; " Pounds to each of the said Justices and Barons in

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen every Year." who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said " , That the Sum of Five hundred Pounds

Bill, That they do make Provision therein, for amend- " per Annum be granted to His Majesty, to be applied ing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, in- " in Augmentation of the Salary of the Chief Baron Of tituled, " An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " the Exchequer, for the Time being." -

" Duties upon all inhabited Houses within the King- Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the " dom of Great Britain-," and also for amending to said Resolutions, and also pursuant to the Two laftTof much 0? the said Act, made in the Seventeenth Year the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the Reign of His present Majesty, as imposes a Duty of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confix upon all Servants, retained or employed in the several der further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply

Capacities therein mentioned. granted to His Majesty, and which have been agreed

to by the House: And that Mr. Howard, Sir Georgj The House was moved. That the Resolutions, which, SavUle, Sir Grey and Mr. Ord, do prepare, and

upon Monday last, were reported from the Committee bring in, the fame, of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confided

further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were Mr. Secretary at War presented to the Hdufe, by then agreed to by the House, might be read. His Majesty’s Command,' ’

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read An- Account of the Distribution of the Sums granted accordingly; and are as followeth; viz. to His Majesty, to'defray the Charge of the'Pay and and

" Resolved, That the Sum of Three thousand Six Clothing of the Embodied Militia, for the Service of Cl«thin^.

" hundred Pounds per Annum be granted to His Ma- the Year 1778, and of the Savings thereupon.

" jesty, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries And the 'Liilc of the said Account was read.

of the Puisne Justices of the Courts of King's Bench The laid Account is as followeth; viz. ' ’

and Common Pleas, and the Puisne Barons of the

19 Geo. Ill

6° Maii.

377

ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Sums granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Embodied Militia, for the Service of the Year 1778, with the Savings thereupon.

Bedfordshire Regiment, from 26th of March 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

Additional Company to Ditto, from 25th 1778 to 24th

December following, both inclusive -BerkshireRegiment, from 26th March 1778 to 24th December following, b.tli inclusive ——

Buckinghamfhtre Regiment, for same Time -Cambridge/lire Regiment, D® -

Cheshire Regiment, Cornwall Regiment Cumberland Battalion Derbyshire Regiment Devon, East Regiment Devon, North D® Devon, South D® Dcrlfetshire D® Durham Battalion Essex, East Regiment Essex, West D® -

D®

D®

D®

D®

D"

D®

D®

iy

D®

D®

DJ

Additional Company to Ditto, from 25th August 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive -Glouc.Jler, South Regiment, from 26th March 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

Gloucester, North D®, for same Time -

Hertfordshire D®, D" ——

Hertford]! ire D", D* -

Huntingdjtj'iire. Battalion, D" -

Additional Company to Ditto, from 25th June 177810 24th December following, both inclusive -

Kent, West Regiment, from 26th March 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

Kent, East Battalion, for same Time -

Additional Company to Ditto, from 25th 1778 to 24th De-

cember following, both inclusive -

Lancashire Regiment, from 26th March 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

Leicestershirexy, from 26th March 17781023d November following, both inclusive ——

Ditto, from 24th November 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive ——

Lincoln, North Regiment, from 26th March 17/8 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

Lincoln, South D®, for same Time -

Middlesex , West D®, D°....

Additional Company to Ditto, from 25th of 778 ro 24th

December following, both inclusive -Middlesex, East Regiment, from 26th March 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

Additional Company to Ditto, from 20th June 1778 ro 24th December following, both inclusive - - . -

Westminster Regiment of Middlesex, from 26th March 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

Monmoulhshire Battalion, for same Time -

Additional Company to Ditto, from 25th July 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

Norfolk, West Regiment, from 26th March 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

Additional Company to Ditto, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

N.rfo/k, East Regiment, from a6th March 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

V ol. 37

Number of Days. Pay per Diem.

274 18 10 —

V 215 a

274 2 f> 13 10

274 26 13 6

274 20 14

274 26 14 4

274 29 19 4

274 15 5 -

274 26 14 6

274 a8 17 4

274 24 1 2

274 24 1 —

274 30 17 —

274 1878

274 23 9 ~

274 23 9 —

122 2148

274 26 3 8

274 20 — 4

274 23 8 —

274 26 13 —

274 16 1 6

‘83 2 17 2

274 29 5 10

274 15 14 6

6l 219 s

274 34 9 —

243 25 xo 8

31 28 — 4

274 28 16 4

274 28 16 4

274 24 17 —

6l 2 16 8

274 24 16 6

18S 2 17 2

274 24 15 6

274 11 16 —

‘53 2 13 8

274 23 9 —

*«3 2138

a74 23 9 "

Charge.

5,069 — —

168 5 2

7’3I3 to 4

7*336 7 —

5,680 18 8

7,320 7 4

8,210 >7 4

4,178 10 —

7>322 *3 —

7»9°9 9 A

6*59‘ 59 8

6,589 14 —

8,4^2 18 —

5»°37 — 8

6,425 6 —

6,425 6 —

333 9 4

7>,74 4 8

5«484 11 4

6,411 12 — '

7»329 10 —

4,404 11 —

523 1 6

8,025 18 4

4,308 *3

180 9 %

9 439 6 —

6,204 12 —

868 to 4

7*895 1S 4

7,895 >5 4

6,808 18 —

172 16 S

6,802 1 —

537 7 4

6,788 7 —

3*233 4

410 11 —

6,425 6 —

491 1 6

6,425 6 —

NorthamptonJJdre

A. 1779.

378

6® Maii.

Northamptonshire Regiment, from '26th March 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive Northumberland Ditto, for same Time Nottinghamshire D®, D*

Oxfordshire Regiment, from 15th July 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

Rutlandshire Corps, from a6th March 1778 to 24th December fol lowing, both inclusive -----<

Salop Regiment, for same Time - -

StaffordshireD#, D® -

Somersetshire D#, D® -

Southampton, North D°, D* -

Additional Company to D®, from 24th July 1^78 to 24th December

following, both inclusive....

Southampton, South Regiment, from 26th March to 22d July following, both inclusive Ditto, from 23d July 1778 to 24th December following, both in-~ elusive

Additional Company to D®, from 25th August 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

djle of Wight Company, from 26th March 1778 to 24th December

following, both inclusive Suffolk, West Regiment, from 26th March 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive Suffolk, East D®, for same Time Surrey D", - D® -

Sussex D®, from 9th May 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

Warvuickjhirt Regiment, from 26th March 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive Additional Company to D®, from 31st 1778 to 24th Decem-

ber following, both inclusive Westmoreland Corps, from 26th March 1778 to 23d following, both inclusive -

Ditto, from 24th October 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

Wiltshire Regiment, from 26th March 1778 tp 24th December following, both inclusive - -

Worcester D", for same Time -

York West Riding, ift Regiment, D® -

D®

York North Riding,

D® East Riding,

Anglesea Corps Brecknockshire Cardiganshire Carmarthanshire Caernarvonshire

Denbighshire - D®, from 26th March 1778 to 24th AnguJl

following, both inclusive - -

Denbighshire Battalion, from 25th August 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

Flintshire Corps, from 26th March 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive - ....

Glamorganshire Battalion, for same Time -:

Additional Company to Ditto, from 24th June 1778 to 25th December following, both inclusive ---?--Merionethshire Corps, from the 26th March 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

Montgomeryshire Battalion, for same Time -Additional Company to D®, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

Pembrokeshire Corps, from 26th March 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive - -

Radnorshire D®, for same Time - -

Total - - - £.

2d D®, D®

D®, D®

D®, D®

- D®

D®, D®

D®, D®

D®, D®

D®, D®

274 29 *7 4 8,183 9 4.

274 26 *3 8 7>3*1 4 T 8

274 23 10 6>439 "

163 25 *3 2 4,18» 6 2

274 6 — 1,644 — .

274 29 *9 8 8,215 3 8

274 26 16 7*343 4

274 37 16 IO»357 4 —

274 a3 8 6,411 12 —

*54 2 *3 8 4*3 4 3

*9 20 1 8 2,389 18 4

*55 20 9 8 3,174 *8 4

122 2 *3 8 327 7 4

274 3 6 4 908 15 4

274 23 — 6,425 6

274 23 9 — 6,425 6 —

274 36 *4 r " 10,055 16 —

230 36 4 8 8,333 *3 4

274 29 16 4 8,169 ij 4

55 2 *5 8 *53 1 8

212 11 16 4 2,505 2 8

62 *4 16 6 9*9 3 —

274 34 9 — 9,439 6 —

2 74 26 12 8 7,297 10 8

274 29 9 — 8,069 6 —

274 29 9 8,069 6 —

274 32 9 — 8,891 6 —

274 18 10 — 5,069 —

274 3 *7 6 1,061 15

274 7 2 4 1,949 19 4

274 6 — — 1,644 —

274 9 12 10 2,641 16 4

274 3 18 10 1,080 — 4

*52 12 *4; 4 1,932 18 8

122 *4 *3 1,787 6 —

274 6 1,644 — —

274 *7 7 8 4,763 — 8

183 2 *3 8 491 1 —

274 3 z8 10 1,080 — 4

274 11 *5 4 3,224 1 4

OO 04 2 18 8 536 16 —

274 7 2 4 1,949 19 4

2 74 6 1,644

‘ ‘ - - - 399,162 5 8

19 Geo. Ill

(S’ Mali-

t

ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Sums granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Clothing of the Embodied Militia, for the Service of the Year 1778, with the Savings thereupon.

Date of His Majesty’s Warrant.

Sum of the Warrant fofr the additional Allowance for Clothing.

Bedfordshire Regiment Berkshire - -

Buckinghamshire -Cambridgeshire -

Cheshire -Cornwall -

Cumberland -Derbyshire - -

Devon, East -

Devon, North - *

Devon, South -

Dorsetshire -Durham -

£/«:, East - -

West -Gloucester, South -Gloucester, North -Herefordshire -

Hertfordshire Huntingdonshire -

AVh/, West -&«/, East -

Lancashire - -

Leicestershire Lincoln, North Lincoln, South.

Middlesex, West -Middlesex, East ... Middlesex, Westminster Regiment Monmouthshire Battalion -Norfolk, ift Regiment -AV/o/*, East

Northamptonshire -

Northumberland -

Nottinghamshire -

Oxfordshire -Rutlandshire -

Stf/o/i -

Somersetshire

Southampton, viz*.

North Regiment -

South D*

JJle of Wight Company Staffordshire -Suffolk, East -

West Surrey -

- - .

Warwickshire -

Wefimor eland Wiltshire - -

Worcester - -

Yiwfc, North Riding - a

West Riding, 1 ft Regiment D% ad Regiment

East Riding Anglesea -

Bfecon - -

Cardiganshire -

Carmarthenshire -

Caernarvonshire -

Denbighshire -

15th A% 1778 30th Afoy 1778 30th Afey 1778 30th May 1778 8th 1778 17th 3W 1778 30th Af*y 1778 15th A/ay 1778 15th Afay 1778 30th May 1778 30th Afay 1778 15th A% 1778 17th 7«/w 1778 15th Afey 1778 15th A7<9> 1778 15th May 1778 15th Afay 1778 15th Afay 1778 8th 7* 1778 29th *778

8th 1778

30th Afaj' 1778 15th A&y 1778 30th May 1778 15th Afay 1778 15th Af<y> 1778 13th Aiay 1778 15th May 1778 15th Afay 1778 15th Afay 1778 15th Aftly 1778 15th A&y 1778 15th A/^ 1778 13th Afay 1778 13th May 1778 31st 7»/y 1778 30th A&y 1778 13th May 1778 30th Afoy 1778

1 jth May 1778 15th A/<iy 1778 15th May 1778 eth June 1778 I|th May'iyji 13th May 1778 13th A/<9> 1778 49th June 1778 8th June 1778 29th June 1778 30th May 1778 30th A£»y 1778 17th June 1778 17th June 1778 13th Atf^ 1778 15th May 1778 30th A&y >778 30th May 1778 30th May 1778 30th May 1778 30th May 1778 30th Afoy 1778

465 3 4

652 9 2

655 *4 2 555 *5 —

653 9 7

745 1 8

373 " 3

653 9 7

699 15 10

582 9 7 5s* 9 7 745 1 8

460 14 2

559 16 8 559 16 8 629 16 3 489 17 r c?9 16 8

654 10 —

390 18 4

721 4 7

391 18 9

916 3 —

644 15 " 699 15 10 699 15 10 614 19 i 613 18 9 613 18 0 283 3 4 559 16 8 559 16 8 740 12 6 632 9 2

559 16 8 65° 8 4

*39 *9 2

745 1 8

962 5 —

559 16 8

4‘9 *7 11

69 *9 7

650 4 7

559 16 8

559 16 8

939 5 —

921 8 4

740 12 6

285 7 it

926 5 —

650 4 7

844 11 8

723 9 2

723 9 2

465 3 4

92 12 6

183 5 —

*39 *9 2

232 11 8

94 *3 4

320 15 —

Vol. 37.

Flintshire -

380 6° Mail

Fiintjkire Corps -

Glamirganjhirt - - -....

Merionethshire - - - .

MontgomeryJBre -

Pembrokejhirt - -

Radmrshire

N. B. The additional Allowance for Clothing for the Corps j above mentioned, is at the Rate of 2 4 7 for each Serjeant !

£.105 for each Corporal Drummer, and Private Man.

ADDITIONAL

Btdfordshire -

£ssex.West ..... Huntingdon - -

Acw/, halt -Leicester -Middlesex, East -

Middlesex, West - -

Monmouth -Norfolk, West -

Southampton, viz. -

North Regiment -South D*

Warwick -

Glamorgan -Montgomery -

COM P A NI E S.

- - 168 5 JO

- - - i6t 9 I

- 177 8 2

- - - i8i *9 4

" " 143 4 5

— - - >77 8 2

- - - ‘75 2 7

- - - 161 9 1

- - - 161 9 1

i6r 9 i

- 161 9 1

- - - 170 11 5

- - t6j 9

- 161 9 1

JV 5. The Allowance for Clothing for the additional Companies above mentioned, is at the Rate of £. 5 147 for each Serjeant,

z 15 5 for each Corporal, 305 for each Drummer,

2 3 7 for each Private Man.

30th May 1778 30th May 1778 30th May 1778 8th June 1778 30th AiVy 177S 17th 1778

1779-

139 19 2

4*9 «7 6

94 '3 4 279 18 4 185 5 —

139 19 2

j

1

30th November 1778 30 th October 1778

29th 1778

30th October 1778 30th November 1778 29th June ly,#

30th October 1778 17 th Augijl 1778

29th 7««<r 1778

17th August 1778 30th October 1778 30th November 1778 .

29th 1778

29th 7»«j 778

2,324 3 6

Total - 38,138 18 6

ABSTRACT of the State of the Sums voted for the Pay and Clothing of the Embodied Militia, for the

Service of the Year 1778, with the Savings thereupon.

Voted for Pay in 1778 Ditto for additional Companies

Charge by Establishment

Voted for Clothing 1778 Ditto for additional Companies

£.402,622 9 —

5,421 18 6

Saving on Pay 1778 -

jC- 37.559 7 6

2,656 4 —

Charge by His Majesty’s Warrants, issued for 1778 - -

Saving on Clothing 1778 -

Total of the Savings on Monies voted for Militia 1778

War-Office, 6 th May 17 79.

C, Jenkinson.

408,044 7 6

399,162 5 8

£.40,215 ti 6 38,138 r8 6

£. 8,882 1 so

*,076 13 — 10,958 14 10

Ordered,

Voters at County Ek diems.

Paper*

respecting

American

Affairs.

Nar i pa* ion AS.

Export of f ortri^n Wines.

Aufl

»on* er.-.’ i-icencts.

19 Geo. III.

s *

6" — 7* Mali.

Ordered, That the taitl Account do lie upon the Table, lo be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at Cotmtv Elections, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. De Grey, upon the 19th Day of March last, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the several Papers, which were preferred to the House by Mr. Secretary at War upon this Day Sevennight, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred j and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day (except Major General Sir Robert Pigot and Major General Charles Grey) do attend the said Committee upon Tuesday Morning next. 1

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the encouraging " and increasing of Shipping and Navigation," as relates to the Importation into this Kingdom, and other His Majesty’s Dominions, of Goods and Commodities, of the Growth or Production of Africa, , or America, which are manufactured in Foreign Parts; for preventing Mailers of Ships removing their Vessels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of London, be:ore the Goods are discharged, or their Vefteh a.c cleared, by the proper Officers, Inwards or Outwards and for allowing the Officers of the Customs and Excise to make Use of Lights on board Ships in the Haven, Dock, or Bason, at the Port of Kingston upon Hull.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting a Drawback of the Duties imposed by an Act of the last. Session of Parliament, upon all Foreign Wines exported from Great Britain to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies.

Aqdtion, and upon Indentures, Leases, JBonds, Deeds; K and other Instruments," as relates in the Method of granting Licences to Auctioneers, and to the collecting the Duties on Estates and Goods fold.by Auction.-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Cluck. ’

Venerisy y° die Maii; . v.

i ’ ...; 11

Abno i$* Georgii 1I», U Regis, 1779.'

Pr ayors.

AN ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term and al- Kiihurn tering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts Bridge* of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign &c-

of Queen Anne, the Eighth Year of King George the 04

First,’and the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading irom Br'idgi,

in the County of Middlesex, to Sp Herne, in the County of Hertford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the Eighth Year of King George the First, and the Twenty-Second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing r the Road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to Sparrozvs Herne, in the County of -

Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Id, and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Comjnofi &c. Meadows, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Inclosure. of Idbury, Boivld, and Fofcctt, within the Manor an$

Parish of Idbury, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title; .

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable'and Waste Lands, of Idbury, Bowld, and Fofcott, within the Manor and

Parish of Idbury, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr, Lygon do carry the' Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for better securing the Duties on Dutie* Starch, was read the Third Time. ' on Starch.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for better securing the Duties on Starch.

Ordered, That Mr. Orddo carry the Bill to the Lords,

and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Howard presented to the House, according to Judge*’ Order, a Bill for the further Augmentation of the Saarits. Salaries of the Puifnc Justices of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleis, and of the Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, at IFfim infer: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Rcfdved,'That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for altering, amending, and enforcing, so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,' intituled, " An " A'ft for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on " Licences to be taken out by all Persons Acting as " Auctioneers, and certain Rates and Duties on all " Lmds, Houses, Goods, and other Things, fpld^ by VOL. 37.

Mr. Owen of Pembroke reported from the Commit- pemVoke tee, to whom the Bill for building a new Gaol and Gaol. House of Correction for the County of Pembroke, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true* and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto *which they had directed him to report to the House* and he read the Report in his Pldce; and afterwards delivered - 5 E ’ ' 'the

Bowater't

Eftatts.

t

laws.

relating to

Tranlpurtation-

Salmon

Fiihenes.

382' of Mali. 1779.

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk,*# Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Elves reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Bowater, Esquire, during his Life, and after his

Death the Guardian or Guardians of his Issue Male by the honourable Frances Bvwater his Wife, during their respective Infancies, to grant Building Leases of his Settled Estates at Woolwich and , in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true i and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill m at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment/

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second Beading of the Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being relating to the Transportation and the Imprisonment of certain Offenders, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House wHl, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Herbert Mackwarth reported from the Committee, wiio were appointed to examine into the General Acts of Parliament now in being relative to the Salmon Fisheries* within that Part of Great Britain called England, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House i That the Committee load examined the said Acts accordingly; and had come to leyeral Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee.first read a Statute, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Edward the First, intituled, " A Penalty for taking of Salmons at " certain Times of the Year;" whereby it appears, That all Waters fit all be in Defence, as to the taking of Salmons, from* the Nativity of our Lady till Saint Mar lids Day; that is, from the Eighth Day of September till the Eleventh of Nove

Y our Committee then read a Statute, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, being a Confirmation of the above Statute; whereby it appears. That certain Rivers therein named, and all other Waters in the County of Lancaster, are put in Defence from Michaelmas Day to the Purification of our Lady; that is, from the 29th of September to the Second of February.

And all'o, an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers within that Part of this Kingdom called; whereby it appears, That no Person shall kill Salmon between the last Day of July and the rath of November in any Year, within the Counties of Southampton and;

and it also appears by the feme Act, that no Salmon shall be fallen or destroyed in the River Severn, and other Rivers therein particularly mentioned, between the last Day of July and the Twelfth Day of November.

And also, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for pun idling Persons who shall take or fell any Spawn, Brood, or Fry of Fish, unfizable Fish, or Fish out of Season $ whereby it appears, That all Fish taken out of Season, may be seized by any Person or Persons; and on Proof made thereof before any Jiiftke of the Peace, the feme shall be forfeited, and delivered to the Person or Persons who shall seize the feme, and shall prosecute to Conviction any such Offender; and every such Offender shall besides forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings,

Your Committee then proceeded to examine Edward Waters; who informed your Committee, That he lives at Tredunmck, and has been a Fisherman many Years — That he remembers the Fiftiery of the River Ujknear Fifty Years, in which he was constantly employed — That he always began to fiffi on Candlmas Day m every Year, and continued fishing till Saint Andrew’s Day j that is, from the Thirteenth of February to the Eleventh of December — That the Fish do not (pawn much in the U/h till the Month of January, and are in very good- Season till Saint Andrew’s Day — That he was never interrupted in fishing during that Time, and never heard of any Law to prohibit filking in that River according to such ancient Custom — That Salmon ought not to be killed in some Part of the Year; and he thinks the best Time to prevent Persons fishing, in order to preserve and increase the Breed of Fish, would be the Months of December, January, and Part of February — That the Salmon in that River are in as good Season, and as fit for Sale, in the Months of September, October, and November, as they are at any other Time of the Year; and that if any Restriction took Place to prevent killing of Salmon during those Months, it would be a great Lose to all the Owners of Fisheries in that River — That there are Three Fisheries in the River, which are private Property — and that there is One Weir, of about Two Yards in Height from the Bottom of the River, which he thinks does not hurt the River.

Richard Davis being then examined, informed your Committee, That he lives at , in Monmouth-

shire — That lie remembers the Salmon Fisheries in the River Ujk Thirty Years; and always understood trie Times and Seasons for taking Salmon there to have been such as is before mentioned by the former Witness« — That he thinks the Salmon in that River are in as good Season during the Months of September, October, and November, as they are at any other Time of the Year, and that they catch the greatest Quantity in the River Ujk at that Time; and he thinks that if there was any Restriction upon the taking Salmon during those Months, it would be extremely prejudicial to every Owner of the Fisheries in that River.

Richard Reece being examined, feid, That he lives at Ujk, and has known the Fisheries in the River Ujk Fifteen Years — That his Grandfather and Father have enjoyed a Fishery in that River above Forty Years — That he has been employed in the Business Fifteen Years — That from his own Remembrance, as well as what he has heard from his Father, and others, the Season for Fishing was from Candlemas to Saint Andrew's Day; and he knows that the Fish are good, wholesome, feleable, and in Season, till the Eleventh of December; and that the Months of August, September, QElobci, and November, are the best Part of the Season, both as to the Quantity and Quality of the Fish — That any Restriction from taking Salmon during those Months would ruin the Fisheries of that River; and that the best Months for Fence Moq|ks would, in his Opinion,

ip Geo. III. 7* Mali. 383

be Deaemhnr, Jamuuy, and February — Thit he never Act for the better Preventing freiK Fish taken by Salmon

knew of any Interruption, or any Fish 1'eixed, on Ac* " Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom 3 and Fl<lienes-count of being out of Season, within the Four Months " for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish ;and for the before mentioned, till One Seizure was made in Sep- " giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots in Fo-Umbfr 1-Ul, and another in the Beginning of November, " reign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of when a great Quantity of Fish was ieiZed, and the " Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Person in wWe possession the same was found, vas " Kingdom called that the General Law

convicted of having taken Such Fish out of Season. has been oceafionally altered, to accommodate such Mr. James Shepard then informed your Committee, Fence Months to different Rivets, for the better Prdfer-That lie ik ap Attorney, and lives at UJk — That he hasi ration of such Fish in each of them respectively. known the Fisheries in the River Ltyk Thirty-five Years; Resolved That it appears to this Committee* That

and has been more particularly made acquainted with the proper Season to fix and ascertain the Fence Months them, on Account of his having been concerned in feve- for the Preservation of Salmon in the River UJk, ib the ral Dilutes that have happened relative to the Rights County of Monmouth, and the River Exe, in the County of Fishery- — That he has always understood the Season of D, would be the Months of December, January,

for taking Salmon in that River to be from Candlemas and February, in every Year.

to Saint Andrew's Day; and that the Fish taken so late as R, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

the Month of October, or the Beginning of November, was That a Statute, made in the Thirteenth Year of King

agreeable to the Usage of that River, and fcasonable Fish Edward the First, containing a Penalty for taking Sal-

of a good Quality — That he was employed on the Be- morn at certain Times of the Year, so for as the fame

half of the Owners of a Quantity of Fish which was relates to the general Restrictions from taking Salmons,

fenced in the Months of September and November last, in all Waters where Salmons are taken, from the Na-

and which was condemned, though in his Opinion the tivity of our Lady to Saint Martin's Day, or from the

feme were by no means out of Season, cither with re- Eighth of September to the Eleventh of November in

speft to the Quality of the Fish, or the Ufege of taking every Year, is inconvenient, improper, and prejudicial,

them m that River. and ought to be repealed.

Mr. Daniel Ellis being then examined, informed your Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Committee, That he lives at Gloucester — That lie is well Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next acquainted with, and has been concerned in, the Fishery

of the River Severn for Forty Years — That the Season An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act tfarqaisof for taking Salmon in that River is from the First of No- to dissolve the Marriage of Francis , Baron Of- Carmarthen'* vember to the First of August — That the chief Time of borne of in the County of York, commonly ®lV0fce*

1 pawning is in the Months of December and January; called Marquis of Carmarthen, with Lady Amelia D'Arc/, and that lie never knew a spent Fish taken in No- Baroness Conyers, his now Wife; and to enable him to vember~That he thinks a Fish may be wholesome and marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, marketable till within Six Weeks or two Months of the was read a Second Time.

*llnie of spawning — That he conceives the Salmon in Resolved, That the Bitt be committed.

the River Severn proper to be taken in the Months of Resolved, That the Bin be committed to a Committee

Augixff and September, and that they are then good and of the whole House.

marketable Fish; and that he think* the Months of Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

October, November, December, and January, would be night the 17th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself the proper Fence Months for the Preservation of the into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Spawn, Fry, and young Breed of Salmon in that River; Bill.

but that it would be inconvenient, on Account of the Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-new Swam Severn Fish, which then begin to come up mittee. That they do hear Coynfel, and examine Wiethe River in canfulcrable Quantities, of about Twenty nelTes, for the said Bill; and allb, that they do hear or Thirty Pounds W eight each Fish. Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill;

Mr. Thomas Edgley being then examined, said That he if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Coun-fells Salmon by Commission, and receives it from all fel, or produce Witnesses.

Parts of the Kingdom in great Quantities — That from

his Experience he finds a great Variation as to the Times An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act peHehowse’* in which Salmon arc in Season in different Rivers — for enabling the Trustees, named in the Will of Richard Estates. That the eirlieft Fish brought to Market are the new Perfehowse, late of Reynolds Hall, in the County of Swam Severn Fish, which is brought in November — Stafford, Esquire, deceased, to borrow and take up at

The next are brought from the Rivers Trent and Tweed, Interest, on Mortgage of the Freehold Estates late of in January; from Lancashire, in February and March, the said Richard Perfehowse, any Sum or Sums of Mo-

and from the U/k and the Exe in August — That the Fish ney not exceeding the Sum or Three thousand Three are good in all those Rivers till November; and that he hundred Pounds, to be applied in or towards the Pur-thinks the General Acts, restraining the taking of Fish chafe of the Copyhold Estates late of the said Richard in the Months of Attgufi, September, October, and Novem- Perfehowse, was read the First Time. ber, arc very prejudicial to many Fisheries. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Upon the Whole, your Committee came to die following Resolution?. A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Ludlow

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty- Roads.

That the proper Seasons for killing Salmons, are not at ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, the same Time of the Year in all Rivers; and that Fence for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, feve-Months, for the-more effectual Preservation of that ral Roads leading from the Market House, and else-Species of Fish, ought to be fixed and ascertained by where, in the Town of Ludlozv, in the County of Salop,

Law, so as to correlnond properly with the different was pfefented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

Seasons of different Rivers. That in Pursuance of Leave granted by the House on

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, by a the ift Day of April last, Notices were given at the Statute of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the Richard the Second, intituled, A Confirmation of County of Salop, and by Advertisements in the Public " Stat. 13 E<hv. I. Stat. I. Cap; 47, touching taking Newspapers published within the said County in the M of Salmons;" and allb by an Act of the-First Year Month of April last, and in the present Month of May, if the Reign of King George the First, intituled, " An or one of them, that Application was making to Parlia-Vol. 37. meat

3?4

Matt.

A l119'

ment for Power to amend, widen, and repair, the Road , and Cock Shite, within the Parish^ of Iron

leading from the Turnpike Gate on the Road between- Aston, in the County of GlonceJIcv, withoift any Amtfnd-Ludhw and Little Hereford Bridge, in the Parish of ment: And also, "

Ashford Bowdler, to the River Teams and from thence, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled; An through the Parishes of Ashford Car boneli and Cain ham, Act for paving, repairing, clearifiing, and lighting;-the to the New Bridge, over Ledwich, in the Parish of Cain- Town and Borough of in the County

ham s and from thence to the Turnpike Road on the of and for- removing and preventing Obstruc-

Qee Hill, leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer; tiorts and Annoyances therein; without any Ameftd-and from the said Turnpike Road, through Bitterley ment: And also, "

Court, to a Gate on the Glee Hill, called Bedlam Gate; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

and from the said Turnpike Road, leading from Lud- Act for dividing and inclosing the Condition and Open low to Munflow, through Stanton Lacy, to Lower Hey- Fields of in the County of Leictfar; without

ton. Great Sutton, Peeton, and Bowden, in the Parishes any Amendment i And also,

of Stanton Lacy, Diddlebury, and Holdgate; in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April

The Lords have agreed1 to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part of the Cohrmon or Waste Ground called Kingstv which lies in the Pa-

1774, relative to Turnpike Bills: And therefore pray- rish of Stapleton, in the County of without

ing. That Leave may be given to amend, widen, and any Amendment: And also,- - *

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

repair, the said Roads, in -such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Johnes, Mr. Brett, Sec.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Trustees of

O.

Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field*, Common Pastures, CommotT Meadows, and Commonable Lands and- Grounds, within the Parish of Clifford Chambers,'in the County of Glbu-cejier; *without any Amendment: 'And also, ‘

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled,'An Act for Sale of the Estates of the late John of Bol-

ton, in the County of York, Esquire, fof Payment *of his Debts; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. ;:*

And then the Messengers withdrew. ' -

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for appointing new Trustees, in the Place of those de-ErtatM.* ceased, for Sale of (b much of the Estates late of Sir

e" William Dalfton, Knight, as-, will be sufficienc for the -upon the Bill to explain so much of an Act, made in Payment of his Debts and Legacies by his Will charged the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Cherries the thereon, was read a Second Time. Second, intituled, "An Act for the encouraging and

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord, " increasing of Shipping and Navigation," as relates to Mr. Brett, See.: And they are to meet this Af- the Importation into this Kingdom, and other His Ma-temooD, at. Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s- jesty’s Dominions, of Goods and Commodities, of the Chamber.: Growth or Production of Africa, or America,

- which are manufactured in Foreign Parts; for prevent-

Adjnarnment. i Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the ing Matters of Ships removing their Vessels out of the: House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of L'on-

don, before the Goods are discharged, or their Vessels A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain are cleared, by the proper Officers, Inwards or Out-Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and wards; and for allowing the Officers of the Customs other Commonable Lands, Meadows, and Waste Lands, and Excise to make Use of Lights on board Ships in the within the Parish of Chifledon, in the County of Wilts, Haven, Dock, or Bason; at the Port of Kingston upon was. read a Second Time. Hull, be now read.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Go- And the said Order being read accordingly, dard, Mr. Penruddock, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Chifledon

and

llodson

lndofurr.

Votes

of

Occasional

Freemen.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they hod directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. '

Ordered, That the Report be received upon -

Scotch Court of Exchequer.

Mr; Coke of Derby presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent occasional Freemen from voting at " Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for , .

" Cities and Boroughs;" And the same was received; ormn6 neXt*

and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. n, c f ., r,

’ upon the Bill for granting a Drawback of the Du-

ties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Par-

A M-lfege from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and liament, upon all Foreign Wines exported from Great Mr. Leeds: Britain to any British Colony or Plantation in,

Mr. Speaker, or to any British Settlement in the East , be now

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An read., -

Act. for altering the Times of holding the Martinmas And the said Order b^ingread accordingly;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day. for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

and Candlemas Terms, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland', without any Amendment: And also.

Iron a Aon Th: Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Inclosure. Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Commonable.and Waste Lands, called A cion Common,

19

The House resolved itfel? into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refomed the Chair.

Mr, Ord reported from the Committee, That they

hid

Bortna

uyon

Treat

Sirens,

Leire

Inclosure,

Kingsw wi laciosure.

Clifford

Chambers

Inriofure.

NicoJl’s

Navigir’oa. Ad.

Export of Fcreipa Wines.

S.i-'ply Bill

Du’it s oa iiouks*

Nicoll’i

hllate*.

Supply Bill; Post Horles.

aijjply.

Wivt and

Mcuns.

Offers

a»«d

Eatplo)

19 Geo. III. 7* — 10 385

had cone through the Bill, and made art Amendment th.*reun;o; which they had diiccled him to report, when the House will ple.tlc to receive the fime.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning-next.

The Lord North presenteu to the Ilonfe, acceding to Order, a Bill f >r repealing the Duties on all inhabited fl->uies, inpose i by an Act made in theiaft Session of P.trlir.ment; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon alt inhabited Houlis, in tain, and hr amending the said Act; and also for amending so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of Ilispresent Majesty, as imposes a Duty upon all Servants, retained or employed in the several Capaciti s therein mentioned t And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Re; live.!, 1‘naf the Bill be lead a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Ix>rds, intituled, an Act for bale of the ILilatcs of the late John , of,

in the County of York, Esquire, for Payment of his Debts, was read the Pit ft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill fur granting to His Majesty, certain Duties on l.icences.to be taken out by all Persons letting to hire Horles for travelling Post, and certain Rates and Duties on all Horles let to hire, for the Purpose of travelling Post, and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ordtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was chreded by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Ar.d the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, lel'olve iticlt into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Oificcs and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnity Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them d ime to provide Ad millions duly stamped; and to give fur-Y'-ol. 37.

ther Time to such Persons as hive omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning nexr, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Auctioneers to resolve it fell into a Committee of the whole House, Licence*, upon the Bill for altering, amending, and enforcing, so much ef an Act, nude in ti e Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences " to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers,

" and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses,

" Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction, and upon " Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Inltrunients," as relates to the Method of granting Licences to Auctioneers, and to the collecting the Duties on Estates and Goods sold by Auction, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for tho Militia House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Law*. House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in being relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put*

That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telle-S for the Yeas f The Lord Beauch) l2,

lelle.s for the leas, j Mr. yoane: j

Tellers for the Noes, ^Rofer^Ni *

So it passed the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 1 o° die Mail;

Anno 19* Georgii III. Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration Leave that Part of the Message from the Lords of Mon- given fora day last, wherein their Lordships desire that this House will give leave to Sir Merrick Burrell, Baronet, a Mem- Lord*, ber of this House, to attend the House of Lords, in order to his being examined upon an Enquiry into the Management of Greenzvich Hospital.

And that Part of the said Message was read.

And Sir Merrick Burrell, being present. Hood up in

his Place, and declared that he was willing, with the Leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in the said Message.

Resolved, That Sir Merrick Burrell, Baronet, a Member of this House, have L.eave to go to the Lords; as is desired by their Lordships in their said Message, if he thinks ftt.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House hath given Leave to Sir Merrick Burrell, Baronet, a Member of this House, to go to the Heuse of Lords, as is desired by their 5 F Lordships

i o° Mail.

A. 1779.

Lord ships in their Message of Monday last, if the said Member thinks fit.

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the said

1 Message.

Ju-tgei' A Bill for the further Augmentation of the Salaries

Salaries, of the Puisne Justices of the Courts of the King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, *t Westminster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, that the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

I.udlow Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee,

Roads. to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from ’The Market Hou/e, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several printed Newspapers were produced to your Committee, dated the Tenth, Seventeenth, and Twenty-fourth of April last, wherein Notices of an Application made to Parliament, for Power to amend, widen, and repair, the several Roads described in the said Petition, are inserted, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House upon the lft Day of April last. And,

A Metnber present produced to your Committee, Copy of a Notice of the said Application, which he saw affixed on the Door of the Session House of the County of Salop, at the last Easter Sessions, agreeable to the Leave of the House granted as aforesaid.

The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon the ift Day of April last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen residing or having Estates within the Counties of Salop, Hereford, or Radnor, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from The Market House, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Gate on the Side of the Road leading from Ludlow aforesaid to Little Hereford Bridge, in the Parish of Ash-ford Bowdler, over a Bridge across the River Ledwich, in the Parish of Cainham, to the Turnpike Road on The Clee Hid, leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer.

Churchill’* Mr. Pownall reported from the Committee, to whom WUL the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Executors and Trustees of the Will of Charles Churchill, Esquire, deceased, and in the Marriage Settleme-tof Charles Churchill, Esquire, and Lady Maria his Wife, to raise Money by Sale or Mortgage of some of the Trust Securities, for advancing to the Children, in their Father’s Life-time, Part of their Portions provided for them by the Settlement, but thereby

not made payable till after his Decease, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Pownall do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, style* to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estate*.

An Act to enable the Guardians of Sir Charles Style,

Baronet, an Infant, to grant Leases of his Freehold Estates in Middlesex during his Minority, and to effectuate the other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Adams reported from the Committee, to whom Gwvnne’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for EtUtw. veiling certain Estates in the Counties of Carmarthen,

Brecon and Radnor (devised by the Will of Roderick Gwynne, Esquire, deceased) in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Adams do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for building a new Gaol and House PeQ^"ke of Correction for the County of Pembroke, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the County of Pembroke.

Ordered, That Mr Owen of Pembroke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Medows presented to the House, according to Or- Framework der, a Bill to regulate the Business of Frame-work Knit- Knitteri’

ting, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses therein: WaS"-

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Instant May.

Mr. Byr.g reported from the Committee, to whom Towrr the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more Hamlet* effectual, an Act pafllcl in the 23d Year of the Reign of SmaL ebt'

his '

Or

H’

19 Geo IIL

io'

Mail

387

his late Majesty King the Second, for thfe more

eaiy and fptcdy Recovery of Smal Debts within the Tower Hamlets, was committed; and to whom the Petition of ’John Silvester, Esquire, Barrister at Law, St> waid, and John Mors Esquire, Barrister at

Law, Deputy Steward, of the King’s Court of Record, within the Manors of Stepney and , in the County of Middlesexr, and of the Liberties of the fame, on Behalf of themselves and others interested in the said Court, was referred; That the Committee had heard the Petitioner in Support of their laid Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and f« und the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-vrto; wh.ch they had riircfted him to report to the House; and 1« read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingtoflld.

Co'flush A Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, of the Hoads. Thin ieth Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the C Keys, otherwise Brickers Barn

in the Pa ilh ot Corjhamin the County of IVills, to

Bath Eajion Bridge, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen-ruddock, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afttrnoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

St. Michael's Mr. Teoreported from the Committee, to whom (Covmtry) the Bill for establishing certain Payments to be made Tithes. to the Vicar of the Parish of Saint Michael, in the City of Coventry, for the Time being, in lieu of Tithes, and for re; ealing so much of an Act, of the Fourth and Fifth of Philip and Mary, as relates to the Payment of Tithes in the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once jead throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill re-committed.

Resolved, That the Laid Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Bristol

Roads.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Acts passed in the Thirty-first and Thirty second Years of King George the Second, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Bristol, and for granting other Powers for that Purpose; and for making and maintaining a new Road from the Turnpike Gate near Stokes Croft, in the Horfield Road, to the Turnpike Gate near The Blackbirds, on the Stapleton Road, near the said City, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making and repairing several Roads round the City of Bristol.

Ordered, That Mr. Chester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom* VoJL. 37.

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Pilchard* to consider of the Duties on Sallt, used in curing Pit-chards for Home Consumption. Consum?tion.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House baws to resolve irself into a Committee of the whole House, re*atmB upon the Bill to explain and amend the laws now in Tvausponaiion. being relating to the Transportation and the Imprisonment of certain Offenders, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tc report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechtll and Mr. Earnest

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Eden'* enable the Trustees of certain Estates situate in the ChjritJr Water Parishes of Saint Mary RedcliJJe, and Thomas, or One of them, in the City of Bristol, given by Thomas Eden the Eider, late of Broadmarflon in the Parish of

Pebwonh, in the County of Gloucester, Gentleman, for , Charitables Uses, to grant Building Leases thereof; to which the Lordb desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Calverton concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the incl°ure-Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Forest and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Calverton, in the County of Nottingham; which Bill was, upon the First Day of April lull, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned* that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And the said Bill, being ingrossed, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Forest, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Calverton, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Medows do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the more effectually preventing the per* Bill lot nicious Practices of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and preventing for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Smuggling. Offences against the Laws of the Customs and Excise, upon the Terms therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,

Private

DilUilers,

&c.

Lantriflent

Roads.

Export of Foreign Wines.

Navigation

Act.

Supply.

388 10° Mali. A. 1779.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WednesdayMorn- to consider further' of the Supply granted to His Ma-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole jesty, be now read. . !

House, upon the said Bill. And the said Order being read accordingly;.

if sfolvedThat this House will, upon ‘

A BUI for more effectually preventing Frauds by Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee, private Distillers, and for the better securing the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits, was read a Second Time. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole H oule, and Means,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the of the whole House. Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday And the said Order being read acordingly;

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of I he Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday whole House, upon the said Bill. Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Anthony Bacon reported from the Committee, to Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House office* whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, aid an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted EmP1°i,raiBB*

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repair- to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and " ing and widening several Roads leading to the Town to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who " of Lantrijfent, and also the Road leading from New-have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications

" bridge to a Place called The Old Furnace, all in the within the Time limited by Law, and for giving fur- 1

" County of Glamorgan," was committed; That the ther Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Mem-Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, bers and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough and found the same to be true; and that the Com- Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several stamped according to Law, or having been stamped.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him have been loft or mill aid, and for allowing them Time to report to the House; and he read the Report in his to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give fur-Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the ther Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and' Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a to Attornies arid Solicitors, be now read. t

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question And the said Order being read accordingly;

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee, ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Auctioneen* j Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Licem.c$. j Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for upon the Bill for altering, amending, and enforcing granting a Drawback of the Duties imposed by an Act so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of of the last Session of Parliament, upon all Foreign the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act ' ,

Wines exported from Great Britain, to any British " for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Li-Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Set- " cences to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auc-

tlementin the East Indies, was committed the Amend- " tioneers, and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, nient which the Committee had made to the Bill, and " Houses, Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction, which they had directed him to report to the House; " and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds and

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards " other instruments," as relates to the Method of delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the granting Licences to Auctioneers, and to the collecting Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; the Duties on Estates and Goods sold by Auction, be and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by now read.

the House. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday ingrossed. Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain 16 much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the encouraging and " increasing of Shipping and Navigation," as relates to the Importation into this Kingdom, and other His Majesty’s Dominions, of Goods and Commodities, of the Growth or Production of Africa, Aor which are manufactured in Foreign Parts; for preventing Mallet's of Ships removing their Vessels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of London, before the Goods are discharged, or their Vessels are cleared, by the proper Officers, Inwards or Outwards; and for allowing the Officers of the Customs and Excise to make Use of Lights on board Ships in the Haven, Dock, or Bason, at the Port of Kingston upon Hull, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House 18

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Almanack*; Reading of the Bill to veil the foie Right of printing Settling Almanacks, in that Part of Great Britain called England, in the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and 6

the Company of Stationers of the City of , respectively;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition .)f Thomas Car nan, Citizen and Bookseller of London, was also read.

And the Counsel against the Bill were heard, in Sup--port of the said Petition.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J E.Jfnf I Mr. Ord:

Tellers for the Noes, I IVWiam Mmdish, I Mr. Dempfcr:

So it pafll*d in the Negative.

*40.

\ 60. )

The

19 Geo. III. to" — iT Mail. 389

The other Order of the Day being read;

MiFtia The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in being relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom.

Mr. Sneaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mine kin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mine kin reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, ii* die Matt;

Anno 19* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

St. Michael's (Coventry) TytlicJ.

MR. Yeo reported from the Committee, to whom the Bili for establishing certain Payments to be made to the Vicar of the Parish of Saint ,in

the City of Coventry, for the Time being, jn lieu of Tithes, and for repealing lo much of an Act, of the Fourth and Fifth of Philip and Mary, as relates to the Payment of Tithes in the said Parish, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Perfebowfe’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate*. for enabhng the Trustees, named in the Will of Richard Perfehoiafe, late of Reynolds Hall, in the County of Stafford, Esquire, deceased, to borrow and take up at Interest, on Mortgage of the Freehold Estates late of the said Richard P any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand Three hundred Pounds to be applied in or towards the Purchase of the Copyhold Estates late of the said Richard Perfehoivfe, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Bagot, Mr. Whitworth,&c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Earl of Thc Earl of Tyrconnel reported from the Committee, Egremont’a 1° whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Rftaie*. An Act for confirming a Partition of several Estates, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, between the ho--nourable Charles William and other the De-

vifecs of Charles late Earl of Egremont, deceased, and their Issue, and Charles Marquis of Granby, and Charlotte Countels of Aylesfordand for veiling and settling the same to the several Uses therein mentioned, and for the several other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the-Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given, their Consent Vox.. 37.

to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committetf; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment; and he.dei livered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Earl of ‘tyrconnel do cirry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment;

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term arid Powers of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to the Town of " Lantriflent, and also the Road leading from

" bridge to a Place called The Old Furnace, all in the " County of Glamorgan," was read the Third Time.

Pffohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of ari Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and *' widening several Roads leading to the Town of " triftent, and also the Road leading from Newbridge to

" a Place called The Old Furnace, all in the County of " Glamorgan."

Ordered, That Mr. Anthony Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurr.ncej

An ingrossed Bill for granting a Drawback of the Duties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, upon all Foreign Wines exported from Great Britain to any Brit iff Colony or Plantation in or to any British Settlement in the East Indies, was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting a Drawback of the Duties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, upon all Foreign Wines exported from Great Britain to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preserving the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties 0? Hertford, and Middlesex;

and for Relief of the Creditors under Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, and of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the said River, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and also, the Petition of the Matter and Keepers, or Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Mystery or Art of Brewers of the City of London, on Behalf of themselves, and others exercising the Brewing Trade in or near the said City; and also, the Petition of 1 several Persons residing -in and near the Towns of Hertford, Ware, and Staffed, in the Counties of Hertford, and Essex, interested in and using the Navigation of the River Lee, on Behalf of themselves, and others residing in and near the said Towns, and using the said Navigation; and also, the Petition of several of the Bondholders, Annuitants, and other Persons, who have advanced and lent Money upon the Credit of an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Lee, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Creditors; and also, the Petition of feverstl of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants of the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex, residing in the Towns of Hertford and Ware, and in other Parts of the said Counties, adjoining to the River Lee, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of Sir William Wake, Baronet, on Behalf of himself, and the

5 G Heir#

Lantrifl-itt

Export tff Foreign Wiiiesi

River t<?e Navig-uioi*

Ecclesall

Inclosure.

Judges*

Salaries.

11* Mali, A. 1779-

Heirs or Assigns of Peter . Fhyer, Esquire, late of

field, in the County of Berks, deceased, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the Allegations of the First and Fifth mentioned Petitions; and had also considered the Se* cond. Third, Fourth, and Sixth mentioned Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be taken into further Confederation upon Monday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " " and in-

ferring the Word " Thursday" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Monday" (land Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Thursday" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Lord John Cavendish reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of , in the Parish of

Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the ajth of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates having Right of Common on the said Open Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, which are rated to the Land Tax at f. a. 7 s. id.per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill;

and that the Whole of such Estates as so rated amounts to £. 146. ps 8d.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that the Expences of determining the Claim to a Manor, within the Manor of Ecclesall, shall be defrayed by the Parties interested.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the Bill for the further Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Justices of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, at be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House rcSolved itself mlo the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Saviletook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House, will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all have Voices, v. ho come to the Com- Evenl? mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the lsclosure. Open Common Fields, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Evenly, otherwise Bury Manor, in the County of Northampton, is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House piicf-.tnh to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, cured for to consider of the Duties on Sait, used in curing Pil- home chards for Home Consumptton, be now read. n umP‘wa

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfeir into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Lemon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr.

Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act sP«n for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open IQclofu,*‘ and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Speen, in the County of Berks', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Oultom for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, or Waste ^nclosure-Ground, called Oulton Heath, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Elcot for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and *nclosure' Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Faf-tures. Commons, and othe’- Commonable Lands, within the Tithing of Elcot, in the Parish of Kintbury, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Little for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, of and within the Manor,

Lordship, Or Liberties of Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tittenfor for reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Rwri-Laws now in Force, for repairing the Road leading from the Town or Village of to the rr.oft

Northern Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford-, and for repairing the Road from Dar/efione Bridge, over Tittenfor Heath, through the Town or Village of Tittenfor afo refold; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Homcaftir, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, Small DeUi. within the Soake of Horncaflle. and Wapentakes of Wraggoe, and Gartree (except the Parish of Great -

ton) and within the Wapentakes of Louth Eske, -

borough.

Kibvrorth

hcauchamp In dol'd re.

Market Ra fin Inclosure.

Mik'cnhall

Inclosure,

Worcester

Voting

occnfional

Freemen.

ip Geo. III. u° Mail:

borough, and Calceivortk, and Parishes ot Leake,

Lever ton, Benington, Butterwick, and

in the Hundred of Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allot ting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, lying and being within the Manors, Lord-ships, or Liberties, of Ribwort Beauchamp, Hare curt, and Smee/on We per by, in the Parish of worth Beauchamp, in the county of ; without any Amendment: Anti also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Market Raiftn, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing a Division and Jnciolure of the Common or Open Fields, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Mildenh in the County of Wilts; and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge at Worcester, over the River Severn, and for opening convenient Avenues to the said Bridge, to firnfh and complete the said Bridge, and to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution; without any Amendment,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Citizens and Burgesses of the City of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Free of the said City by Birth or Servitude, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to explain, amend, and render more efieftua!, an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent occasional Freemen from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs and Setting forth. That the arbitrary Excrcilc of the Power of making honorary Freemen, vested in the Corporations of many Cities and Borough Towns, is a great Infringement of the Freedom of Election therein, and, if not prevented or retrained by the Interpolation of the Legislature, will, it is much to be feared, prove totally destructive of the lame; and that the Petitioners and their Ancestors have experienced the evil Effects of this Power in the Corporation of the said City, who, on Occasion of contested Elections, have grossly abused it; and that the said Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty appears not to be a sufficient Prevention of the Abuse of this Power, in as much as that the said Corporations, knowing the State and Number of Voters in their respective Cities and Boroughs, and ever making the Extension of their Influence the first Obj .‘ft of their Care, can and do continue to exercise this arbitrary Power with notorious Partiality, and for the direct Purpose of acquiring to , themselves a superior Interest at Elections, to the great Prejudice of the Citizens and Burgesses free of their respective Cities and Boroughs by Birth or Servitude, and in manifetl Violation of the Rights of Election, of which the House has shewn itself, on all Occasions, the firm Support: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for excluding all honorary Freemen, and others than such as are Free by Birth or Servitude, from voting at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs, and that the said Bill may pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

V oh.37.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Supply Reading of the Bill for repealing the Dufies on all inhabited Houses, impoied by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon all inhabited [leufes in Great Britain, and for amending the said Act; and also for amending so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, as impoieS a Duty upon all Servants, retained or employed in the lev era1 Capacities therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read according')';

The said Bill was read n Second Time.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relblve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House relblvcd itself into a Committee of thfc American; whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. D; Grey, upon the 19th Day of March lad, pursuant to then Address to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee,-That they had examined several other Witnesses; and had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thurjdny Morning next, resolve itself into 3 Committee of tue whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day (except Sir Andrew Snape Hammond, and Major John Montrejor) do attend the Cud Committee upon Morning

next.

Mr. Pulteney presented to the House, according to Duties Order, a Bill for discontinuing the Duties on Cotton on Woo!, the Growth and Product of the British Colonies Cotton Woo!.-or Plantations in America, exported from this Kingdom: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney have Leave to make to Motion, it being near Eleven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

The said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir William Guije have Leave to make a’

Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly: And

An ingossed Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Gloucester Thirty-first: Year of the Reign of King George the to Second, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several St ine Acts passed for amending the Road from Gloucester to p^the Stone, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far 9 MileStone.-as the same relates to the Road from the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at Stone-, and also the Roads to or near Berkeley, Durfley, Wot ton under Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury, and the several Roads leading from the River Severn, and eroding the said Road from Gloucester to Stone; all in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for amending the Road from the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at and also the Roads to or near Berkeley, Wotton

under1

39*

11° — 12* Mad.

A. 1779.

under Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury, and several Other Roads in the Counties of Glouc and Wilts.

Ordered, That Sir William Guise do carry the Bill to the Lords, and define their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 12* Mail; Anno 19* Georgii III1*' Regis, 1779.

PRA V £t Si

Supply Sill; rTn H E House being informed that the Sheriffs of Du,i«on _|_ the City of London attended at the Door; they , HouCm* were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of , in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have perused a Bill depending before the House, for repealing the Duties on all inhabited Houses, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon all inhabited Houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said Act; and also for amending so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as imposes a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned; and that there are certain Clauses and Provisions contained in the said Bill, which, the Petitioners apprehend, will greatly affect the Trade and Interest of the Inhabitants of the said City: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Clauses and Provisions, and that they may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Tower An ingrafted Bill for explaining, amending, and ren-Hamiets dering more effectual, an Act passed in the Twenty-Small Debts, third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George fcc* the Second, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets.

Ordered, That Mr. Byttg do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sliaw Hil Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee, to

to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of

Combe an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of Road. King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Melksham, through Googes Lane, , and West

Tatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Combe, in the Parish of Castle Combe, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bili;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Sir Herbert Mackworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of James Berkeithout, of Great Rufjel Street, in the County of *.v.Gentleman,

in Behalf of himself and of Thomas Clark, of the Town of Leeds, in the County of Dyer, was

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fast. contained in the said Petition is as follows:

Mr James Berkenhout being examined, laid, He had been between Five and Six Years employed in finding out and bringing to Perfection a Method of dying Linen and Cotton of Crimson and Scarlet Colours, and that for Two Years and an Half past he had been alfifted by Mr. Thomas Clark, of Leeds — That in prosecuting this Discovery, he had been at great Expences, arising from the high Price of Cochineal, the numerous Disappointments attending his various Experiments, and several Journies he had taken in the Prosecutioa of his Design. And, having produced to your Committee several Specimens of Linen and Cotton, dyed according to his Method,

Mr. David Davis, a ManchWarehouseman, was

called; who examined a Piece of Fustian produced by Mr. Berkenhout, and declared it to be a very good Scarlet, which Colour has never yet been known to succeed on that Article; he likewise examined some-Cotton Velvets of the same Colour, and, upon comparing those dyed according to Mr. s Me-

thod, with others also produced to your Committee, he said. He thought Mr. Berkenhout'% infinitely superior in Colour to any he ever law before — And being shewn Specimens of the same Goods dyed Green and Yellow, he declared them to be equally superior to any others he had seen.

Mr. Berkenhout then produced to your Committee, several Specimens of Cotton Yarn, and Linen, dyed Scarlet and Crimson. And,

Mr. William Chalontr, a Linen Draper, being examined, said, That Scarlet and Crimson are Colours in Linen hitherto unknown to the Trade — That he had examined the Specimens produced by Mr. and that they were in gcneial very good Colours.

Mr. Berkenhout then produced to your Committee, a Book published at Paris, under the Inspection of the Academy of Sciences there, in which it is said, that the Dying Materials which give a Scarlet Colour to Wool, do not give the same Colour‘to Silk, and none at all to Cotton.

Mr. Berkenhout also laid before your Committee, a Copy of a Memorial from the Board of . Trade to His Majesty (which is hereunto annexed) recommending his Discovery; and likewise a Certificate from the Committee of Trade at Manchester (also hereunto annexed) in its Favour; together with a Certificate from Two Chemists, Dr. William Saunders and Mr. Ambrcfe -frey (also hereunto annexed) which ftafes, that several Articles of Cotton, dyed Scarlet and Crimson, by Mr. Berkenhout, had undergone all the usual chemical Pro-

ccffes

Berkenhout's

Scarlet

Dre.

i9 Geo. III.

12* Mail.

393

cedes and Experiments according to Mr. Hellot's Directions, and had been proved to be true fine Grained Colours.

Mr. Berl.cn/tout also laid before your Committee, Certificates ligned by several Dealers in the Maoufadtoric., and also Irom the Haberdashers, re* commending the abdvc-mentioned Invention to the Attention of the Public; Copies of both of which are hereunto annexed.

(L. S.) N" t.

(Copy)

To the King's most Excellent Majesty.

May it please Your Majesty.

Wc have had under our Consideration the Memorial of Thomas Clark, of Leeds, Dyer, and James -

/tout, of Tottenham Street, Saint , Gentleman, Setting forth, That upon a general Idea of a considerable Premium having been offered by Government, for dying Scarlet on Cotton, they have applied them-(elves for several Years in order to obtain the said Premium; and after great labour and Study, and very considerable Expence, have not only accomplished the lame, but have produced a Crimson equal to that Colour on Silk; an Art long fought for in vain throughout Europe; and have likewise found out a superior

Method of dying Cotton in general; and therefore praying for Inch a Reward from the Public as the Importance of the Discovery shall seem to Merit: Whereupon we btg Leave humbly to rcpresent to your Majesty.

That we have been attended by Mr. Berken hout, who has exhibited to us Samples of Cotton Yarn, of a Scarlet and crimson Dye, accompanied with a Paper; Copy of which is hereunto annexed, signed by Seven of the Committee of Trade and Manufactures at

Chester, certifying the Advantage which may result to the Manufactures of this Kingdom from the above Discovery, if the said Colours will answer the Account given of them by the Memorialists; and upon our requiring some Proof of th- Permanency of the Colours thus produced, by a Process known only to the Memorialists, we have received the Certificates hereunto also annexed, signed by Dr. William , Teacher

of Chemistry, and, Mr. Ambrose , an eminent

Chcmift of this Cit\, purporting, tlat from the usual Experiments in the;e Calls, the Samples ot Cotton dyed in Scarier and Crimson, by the Method discovered by the Memorialists, appear to be true grained Colours. Under theil* Circumstances, we think, that as this Discovery may be of great Importance, by improving and extending the Manufacture of Cottons, the same is such as merits the public Attention; and we are therefore humbly of Opinion, that it would be adviieable to induce the Memorialists to communicate the said Discovciy, by such pecuniary Compensation from the Public as shall be judged adequate to its Merit.

.Which is most humbly submitted.

(Signed) Geo.

Soame

Whitehall, Bob' ,

June loth, 1777. C. F.

W" Eden.

(Copy) N* 2.

We, the Committee of Trade and Manufactures in

Manchester, do hereby certify, That Mr. Jante* Berken* hout attended a Meeting of the Committee this Day, and produced some Samples of beautiful scarlet and Crimson Colours, dyed -on Cotton Yarn; and that it is the Opinion of this Committpc, That if the said Colours viH. answer the Account given of them by the said

Vol. 37.

Mr. Berkenkout, they will be of very great Service to Berkenhout'*

the Manufactures of this Kingdom. Witness our Scar, et it j ' - - Dye.

Hands, the 13th Day of May 1777.

(Signed)

W. , '

John Markland,

That Scott,

John Ridings,

Peter Crompton,

Jam es Touched,

(Copy) N* 3.

I do hereby certify. That I tried such Samples of Cotton, produced to me by Mr. Berkenkout, agreeable to the Directions of M. Hellot, and that they appear to be true grained Colours.

(Signed) William Saunders,

Physician to s Hospital, and Teacher of Chemistry.

London, Jift May 1777,

I do hereby certify, That having made the fame-Experiment upon Two Skains of Cotton, brought to me by Mr. Berkenkout, I found the like appearance.

(Signed) Godfrey.

Southampton Street,

June ad, 1777.

N*4.

We whose Names are hereunto subscribed, Dealers in the Manchester Manufactory, which hitherto has been exceedingly deficient in the Article of Dying, do hereby certify, That the Colours produced to us in Cotton ar d Linen by Mr. Berkenkout (provided they, are in Grain) will be a very great Acquisition to our Trade; and beg Leave to recommend this Discovery as extremely worthy the Attention of the Public.

John Augufius Street,

Wm Chaloner,

John Philips,

Hughes & Bates.

N’ 5.

We whose Names are hereunto subscribed, Haber* dafhers, do certify. That Mr. James Berkenkout has produced to us Samples of a scarlet Colour, dyed on Linen Yarn and Thread; a Matter, we presume, to be entirely new, as we have never been able to procure even a tolerable Red in that Article j and, as We are of Opinion, that it may be of great Use in several Branches of the Linen Manufactory, we beg Leave to recommend it to the Public as a Discovery worthy their Attention. Wells and Fishtr,

Jones, Meyrick, & Charlesworth, Edward Sage & C\

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Sir Thomas Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the next Presentations to certain Livings, late the Estates of Sir Griffith Boynton, Baronet, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for ftibftituting other Parts of his Estates to be charged with his younger Children’s Fortunes, in Lieu of those by his Will charged therewith; and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment, and he delivered the Bill in at the -Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

5 H Ordered,

itoa’r itc. '

394

rz° Mali.

A. 1779.

Ordered, That Sir Thom Eger/ttt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Judge* Sir George Savile, according to Order, reported from Salaries, the Committee of the whole House, to whom, the Bill for the further Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Justices of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Picas, and of the Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, at , was committed;

the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House $ and he read the Report' in hfi Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed, to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Pilchard* Sir William Lemon, according to Order, reported from U|>ortie°r the whole House, to whom it was

Conimuiuion. referred to consider of the Duties on Salt used in curing Pilchards, for Home Consumption; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed liim to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty upon all Salt used in curing Pilchards, for Home Consumption, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny be laid upon every Barrel of Pilchards, containing Fifty Gallons, cured for Home Consumption, and lb in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Pilchards be continued as long as the Duties upon Salt have Continuance, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir William Lemon, Mr. Rafn- high, Sir James Laroche, the Earl Nugent, Mr. Grenville, and Mr. .-Eliot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. *

Eilrn’t An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act VtUtef to rtu^e Trustees of certain Estates, situate in the Parishes of Saint Mary and Saint Thomas, or,

One of them, in the City of given by Thomas

Lden the Elder, late of in the Parish of

Vebiuorth, in the County of Gentleman, for

Chari table Uses, to grant Building Leases thereof, was . read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Xiccli’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. for Sale of the Estates of the late John Nicoll, of Bol-toiij in the County of York, Esquire, for Payment of his Debts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. zvell. Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, 111 the Speaker’s Chamber.

Salmon The I loufe, according to Order, proceeded to take Tilheric*. into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee who were appointed to examine into the General Acts of Parliament now. in being relative to the Salmon Fisheries, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

And the Resolutions of the Committee, being feve-. rally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. . .;

Mr.. Ord, according to Ojder, reported from, the Navigation Committee of the whole House, to whom the BilL tp explain io much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Chatles the Second, intituled, u An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation," as relates to the Importation into this Kingdom, and other His Majesty’s Dominions, of Goods and Commodities, of the Growth or Production of Africa, Asia, or America, which are . manufactured in Foreign Parts; for preventing Mailers of Ships removing their Vessels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of London, before the Goods are discharged, or their Vessels are, cleared, by the proper Officers, Inwards or Outwards.; -and for allowing the Officers of the Customs and Ex-cife to make Ule of Lights on board Ships in the Haven. Dock, or Baton, at the Port of Kingston upon Hull, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; -and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk;s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then, a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ,nd upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted ImPlo),mwtv to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time, for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Ad millions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures ol Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.-Or*/ took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill: resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to H#rto* consider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken -out by all Persons letting to hire Horses for travelling Post, and certain Rates and Duties on all Horses let to hire, for the Purpose. of travelling Post, and upor* certain Carriages therein mentioned; , ' V

Resolved, That this House will,' :u Morn-

ing next, resolve itself.into the said Committee* .

- , Ordered,

Ways tod Meant.

Supply-

Auctioneers’

Licences.

Bill for

preventing

Smuggling.

Pri/nte

Distillers,

dec.

19 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Thq House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from, the Committee, That they

had come to several Refoliitions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn* ir.g next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolvc itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for altering, amending, and enforcing, so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers, " and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, " Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction, and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Instruments," as relates to the Method of granting Licences to Auctioneers, and to the collecting the Duties on Estates and Goods sold by Auction, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectually preventing the pernicious Practices of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Law's of the Cqltoms and Excite, upon the Terms therein mchtioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

M r. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read j The House resolved itself inro a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for more effectually preventing Frauds by private Distillers, and for the betterTeeming the Duties on Ix>w Wines and Spirits. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to VoL. 37.

395

report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 13* Mail J

Anno 19* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 17^9* Prayers.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Holfotd and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker*

The Lords have agteed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heron tl Syie, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and " Westmoreland, to the Town of in Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby in Kendal, through the " Town of Shapp, to Emonl Bridge, in the said County of " IV’Jlmorelandwithout any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Relief of Protestant Dissenting Ministers and School-Masters j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Wrexham, in the " County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County " of Flint, and from the Town of Mold to " Holywell, and Rhuddlan, in the same County, and " from thence to the Ferry House, opposite the Town " of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon, and from Ruthin to the said Town of Mold" as relates to the District of Road from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, in the Manor and Parish of Wanborough, in the County of Wilts j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Kijlingbury, in the County olf Northampton; without any Amendment 1 And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Parishes of , otherwise Middleton, Ma/for, and Collingtree, otherwise Callingtrough, in the County of Northampton j without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingossed Bill for the further Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Justices of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, at Westminster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the further'Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Justices of the Courts of King’s

Bench

12* — 130 Mail.

tlffori

Syke*

Ac.

Hoad.

Dissenting

Ministers

and

Schoolmaster!.

Wrexham Roads; Ruthin District

Waiibo rough Inclosure.

Kiflingbury

Inclosure*

Milton.

&c.

Inclosure*

Judge*

Salaries.

39^ 13° Ma

Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, at

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ecclesall An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the fe-lotlolure. veral Open Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of in the

Parish of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Commons, Moors,-and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Ecclesall, in the Parish of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That the Lord John Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Navigation An ingrossed Bill to explain so much of an Act,

Act. made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King

Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation," as relates to the Importation into this Kingdom, and other His Majesty’s Dominions, of Goods and Commodities, of the Growth or Production of Africa, Asia, or Americd, which are manufactured in Foreign Parts 5 for preventing Mailers of Ships removing their Vessels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of Lbefore the Goods are discharged, or their Vessels are cleared, by the proper Officers, Inwards or Outwards; and for allowing the Officers of the Customs and Excile to make Ulc of Lights on board Ships in the Haven, Dock, or Baton, at the Port of Kingston upon Hull, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the encouraging and " increasing of Shipping and Navigation," as relates to the Importation into this Kingdom, and other His Majesty’s Dominions, of Goods and Commodities, of the Growth or Production of Africa, Acts, or America, which are manufactured in Foreign Parts; for preventing Mailers of Ships removing their Vessels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of London, before the Goods are discharged, or their Vessels are cleared, by the proper Officers, Inwards or Outwards; and for allowing the Officers of the Customs and Excise to make Use of Lights on board Ships in the Haven, Dock, or Bason, at the Port of Kingston upon Hu!!.

Ordered, That Mr. Ocarry the Bill to the Lords, and defne their Concurrence.

St Trinit Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of (Coventry) Houses and Estates, in the Parish of Saint Trinity, in Tythesl the City and County of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for the better providing of a Maintenance for the Vicar of the Parish of The Trinity, in the City of Coventry; and Setting forth, That, it the same should pals into a Law, it will be very injurious to lire Property of the Petitioners, and other Inhabitants of the said City: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counlcl, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counlcl, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel. be admitted to be heard, at *9

the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition. ’ " .

Sir William Lemon presented to the House, accord- Pilchard*

ing to Order, a Bill for taking off the Duty upon all Salt used in the Curing of Pilchards, and laying a pro- tioa. portionable Duty upon all Pilchards consumed at Home only: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. '

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom Slia» Hijl the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, 10 passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Melkfnam, through Googes Lane, Corsham, and West

Yatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Combe, in the Parish of Castle Combe, in the County of Wilts, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Re- !

port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where;

the Amendments were Once read throughout; arid then *

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the;Qu<*ftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. f

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, River Lee and others, Inhabitants of the several Counties of - Navigation. ford, Essex, and Middlesex, residing in or near the Towns of Hertford and Ware, and in other Parts of the said Counties, adjoining to the River Lee, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That a Bill being depending for preserving the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex, and for Relief of the Creditors under Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, and of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the said River, the Petitioners presented their Petition to the House, Hating the several Matters therein contained, and praying. That they might be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and to be relieved, as by the said former Petition now remaining in the House may appear; and that the House was pleased to order that the said Petition should be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed; and a Power was given them, by the said Order, to (end for Person?, Papers, and Records; and that the Petitioners have not been heard before the said Committee in lo full a Manner as the Nature of their Cafe, and the said Order of Reference, required; nor had they then a fair Opportunity of producing such Evidence as was necessury to support the Allegations contained in their said former Petition: And, having many Matters of Importance to lay before the House, relative to the said Bill, they therefore pray,

That they may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, or that the same may be rc-committed for a fuller and more proper In-veftigation; and that the Petitioners may have such further Relief in the Premises as the Nature of the same requires, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Confident ion: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of the Manufacturing Hosiers of the

Town wTgcT

.ip Geo. III. 130 Mali.

Town and County of the Town of was

presented to tli- House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have been informed, that a Bill hath been brought into toe H-’use upon the Petition of several Framework Knitters of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and of divers other Places within this Kingdom, for a R.drels of certain pretended Grievances, as let forth in the said Petition; and that the Petitioners, from their long and intimate Knowledge and Experience of the Nature of the Framework Knitting Business, beg Leave to allure the House, that the Complaints and Allegations of such Petition are in a great Mi afore falle and groundiefs, arid, in case the said Bill should pais inio a Law, it would, from various Causes, be h'glily injurious to the Petitioners, and the Wholesale Dialers in tire Hosiery Business in general: And therefore pr.iving. That the said Bill may not paf> inio a Law, but that the Petitioners may be heard agiinfl the lame, by titemlelves or Counsel, at the liar, or before a Committee of the House, as the House shall judge moll proper.

Ordered \That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to regulate the Business of Framework Knitting, and (or preventing Frauds and Abuses therein, be read a Second'l ime: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, again*! the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Tune, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Major General James do,

this Day, attend the Committee of the whole House, who are appointed to take into Consideration the leve-rai Papcis which were presented to the House by Mr. De G>ey, upon the lylh Dav of March last, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Major General Valentine Jones do attend the said Committee, at the fane Time.

Ordered, That Hhuienant Colonel Dixon A o

Then the Question being put. That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Sentence of the Court Martial lately held on Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Pailjer At Portsmouth;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T«"OTfcrtheKon,jJ}j So it passed in the Negative.

1

lS7-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. upon the 19th

Day of March last, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon ne$t,

at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preserving the Navigation of the River Lin the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex; and for Relief of the Creditors under Two Atts of Parliament, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, and of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the said River, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accord ngly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Major John Stanton do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Maxwell, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That JJrj't Galloway, Esquire, do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Andrew Allen, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John paterson, Esquire do attend the said Committee, at tire lane Time.

Oldered, That Theodore Morris, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Enoch Story, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Colonel Edmund Stephens do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Major John Montrefor do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain John Stanley do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Bloomfield do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

A Motion was made, and ths Quest on being pfo-posed. That there be laid before this House, a (Copy of the Sentence of the Court Martial lately held on Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Pailjer at i

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 30th Day of 15145, of r h - Proceedings of tire House relating to the Court Maviial he!.I in the Mediterran to inquire. into; qhe

Conduct of Captain Richard Norris, might be read.

A wl the feme, was read accordingly;

Vol. 37.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from Vice Admiral Sir Robert Harland, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, deliring Leave to fluke his Flag, and come on Shore;

It passed iii the Negative.

r. - >

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways arid Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Relo-lutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read*, and are as followeth; viz.

Rjohcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person usually letting Horses to hire,! in Great Britain, who shall let.to hire, for a Day: or any less Period of Time, any Horse, for the drawing on a Poll or other Public Road, any Coach, Chariot, Chaise, or any other Carriages used in travelling Pott, shall yield and pay An-nuallyun to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Five Shillings, fca- a Licence for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for-and in respect of every Horse hired for a Day, or 'any less Period of Time, for drawing on a Poll or other Public Road, any Coach, Chariot, Chaise, oc any other Carriage used in travelling Pott, there shall be charged, if the Distance such Horse is to go shall be then ascertained, the Sum of One Penny per Mile; and if the Dittanpe shall not then be ascertained, there shall be charged the Sum of Twelve Pence, for and in

5 I relpefc

American

Affairs.

River Let Navigation.

Sir R. Harland.

Way* and Means.

398 13 — *4

respect of each Horse so hired, to be paid by the Person or Persons so hiring the fame.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons letting to hire Horses for travelling Post, and certain Rates and Duties on all Horses let to hire for the Purpose of travelling Post, and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Offices Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Employ menu indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justicea of the Peace, or others, who have omitted . *0 register or deliver in there Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read through- . out; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

frivat* Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Dmiters, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more effectually preventing Frauds by private Distillers, and for the better securing the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report irf his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Ooe; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by ' the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Vo?-? at Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow at County Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Ileftion*. of t|ie whole House, upon the Bill to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections.

Preventing Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effec-Stougglfog. tually preventing the pernicious Practices of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws of the Customs and Excise, upon the Terms therein mentioned, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

Mail A. 1779.

Vexerts, 14.0 die;

Anno 198 Georgii III*1' Regis, 1779. Prayer s.

AN ingrafted Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for tl.ofc Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped, according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to l’uch Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read the Third Time

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An \£t to indemnify such Persons as'have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been loft; or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hillin the Parish of Melhsham, through Googes Lane, Carfham, and Tatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Combe, in the Parish of Castle Combe, in the County of , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, pasted in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road, from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Metksham, through Googes Lane, Carfham , and West Tatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper , in the Parish of Castle Combe, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard, do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for taking off the Duty upon all Salt used in the Curing of Pilchards, and laying a proportionable Duty upon all Pilchards, consumed at Home only, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Lord George Cavtndish reported from the Committee

Office?

Employ u.ena.

Shaw Hill to

Coai be Road.

Pilchards cured for Home

CconfuHiption.

Hafland

Inctoiure.

19 Geo III. 14® Mail. 399

tec, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Hajland, in the County of , was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confect to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Seven Acres of Land; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed, consists of 1,172 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Per (on appeareu before the Committee to oppoi'e the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bid. and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Kcpoitin hisPiace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Onceread throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

S'. Michael’* An ingrossed Bill for clhblishing certain Payments, to

(Coventry) b - made to the Vicar of the Parish 01 Saint ,in the

Tythe*. City of Coventry, for trie Time be ng, in lieu of Tithes;

and for repealing lb much of an Act, of the Fourth and Fifth of Philip and , as relates to the Payment of Tithes in the said Parish, was road the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for establishing certain Payments, to be made to the Vicar of the Parish of Saint Michael, in the City of Coventry, for the Time being, in lieu of Tithes; and for repealing so much of an Act of the Fourth and Fifth of Philip and Mary, as relates to the Payment of Tithes in the find Parish,

Ordered, That Mr. Knight ley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Evenly Mr. Knigktley reported from the Committee, to whom

ncloiurr. gm fOT dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fieid, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Evenly, otherwise Bury Manor, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found, that the Notices, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been given within the Time required by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25thof A 1774, and the Reason why the Notices were not given wirhin the Time aforesaid, was, that the Lord of the Manor (who is also a considerable Proprietor of the Lands to be inclosed) was then out of the Kingdom, and the Terms of the Inclosure could not be settled until his Return; but that Notices of the intended Inclosure had been affixed upon the Door of the said Parish Church Three Times in the Months of November and December last; and that all the Parties iiiterelled were consenting thereto, and were also consenting that One of the Commissioners named in the Bill should bechanged; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vox*. 37.

A Petition of the Bailiff, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, of the Borough of New Radnor, in Behalf of them leiVes and the rest of the Burgesses of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Bill is intended to be brought into Parliament, to prevent the great Abuse which prevails in many Corporations, of making Honorary Freemen, for the corrupt and avowed Purpose of influencing the Election of Members to lerve in Parliament; and repre-lenting to the House, that the Petitioners (whole col-leftive Body consists of a Bailiff, Two Aldermen, and Twenty-five Capiral Burgesses, of which the Bailiff and Aldermen are Three) are, by their Charter, expressly confined, in the Choice of Common or Free Burgesses, to such Persons who are bona fide redding and inhabiting within the said Borough; and that there are Foup Contributary Boroughs belonging to the Capital Borough of New Radnor, the Burgesses of whom claim a Right of voting in the Election of a Ileprefcnta-tive for the salt! Borough; and that the Method of electing Burgesses belonging to the said Contributary Boroughs, is by a Presentment of the Jury at their Courts Leet; but that fuel) Preferments, instead of being confined to Persons residing within the said Boroughs, have been extended to a moll alarming Length, inso much that several Hundred Persons have been presented at One Court, the Majority of whom have not only never seen the Borough of which they have become Members, but very many not even residing within the County, or having any Connection with it; and that, previous to the late General Election, and with a View of entirely destroying the Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners, no Ids than upwards of Seven hundred Persons were, at different Courts Leet, presented by the Jury, as proper Persons to be sworn Burgesses of the Borough of Rayader, One of the aforesaid Contributary Boroughs; and that, in Consequence of such Presentments, upwards of Four hundred and Twenty-six Persons were sworn into their respective Offices, Seventeen only of whom appear to be lefident within, or to have any Connection with, the said Borough; and the Petitioners think it a Duty they owe to themselves, and the rest of their Fellow Butgeffes, to mention to the House, that another of the said Contributary Boroughs was purchased at a Public Auction, in Consequence of the following Advertisement, dated the 22d Day of September 1776:

" To be sold by Auction, on Friday the') Yearly Value " 17th Day of October 1776, the Borough and Lordship of Keveulleece,

" with a Court Leet, and a Right of) 000 " mak;ng Burgesses to vote at an " Election for a Burgess to serve in " Parliament for the Borough of Radnor-," A

the Petitioners therefore throw themselves for Redrels upon the Wisdom of the House, hoping that, as the Borough of New Radnor now is, the several Contributary ones in future may be, confined in the Election of their Burgesses to such Persons only who are resident within their several Boroughs, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better providing of a Maintenance for the Vicar of tire Parish of the Trinity, in the City of Coventry, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next,

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, and upon the Bill to re-

20 move

Radnor

Botough.

Sr. Trinity (Coventry) Tythes.

Vote* at County

EleaJom.

A Member takes Oaths.

Framework

Knitter*

Wage*

<4hnfcs

in the Customs.

Duties on

Cotton Wool.

460

14° Mail A. 1779.

move certain'Difficulties relative to Votes at County Elections.'

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pcnruddock took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Penntddock reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Penruddock accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, to be printed, as shall be Sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And a Member returned upon a New Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House, an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Confederation upon this Day Sevennight, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr Samuel Wilkinson do attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next, upon the Second Reading of the Bill to regulate the Business of Framework Knitting, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Cheetham do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Cox do attend this House, at the same Tim*.

Ordered, That Mr. Benjamin do attend this House, at the same Time.

The House was moved, That an Act, tpade in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for preventing " Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in His Majesty’s " Customs," might be read.

And the same bdngread accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof the said Act.

A Bill, for discontinuing the Duties on Cotton W90I, the Growth and Product of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, exported from this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning ne'xt, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons letting to hire Horses for travelling Poll, and certain Rates and Duties on all Horses let to hire, for the Purpose of travelling Post, and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

1 he House resolved itself Into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported, from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a new Gaol and House ot Correction for the County of Pembroke; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and repairing several Roads round the City of Bristol; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the Eighth Year of King George the Firth, and the Twenty-second Year of his late M a felly, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn , in the County of Middlesex, to Sparrows Herne, in the County of Hertford-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " several Roads leading to the Town of " and also the Road leading from to a Place

called The Old Furnace, all in the County of " gan;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Foretl, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment :. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, of Idbury, Bow Id, and Fojcott, within the Manor and Parish of Idbury, in the County of Oxford-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better securing the Duties on Starch; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting a Drawback of the Duties imposed by an Act of the-last Session of Parliament, upon all Foreign Wines, exported from Great Britain, to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain Fee Farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements, within their Survey, and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

PemWit

RrifH

Roads.

Kilburn

Brd;7,

&C.

RoaJ.

0-

<5

Lnntrifant -Roads.

Calverton

Iiiciosure.

11

Y.

Idburr,

Inclosure,

Duties on Starch.

Export of Foreign Wines.

Duchy of Lancaster Mates*

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the A.i;onmmn:. 'House.this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,.

to

Ways ami Means.

Supply Bill; Durie« on Houses.

Mi II tin Laws.

frivat*

Diallers.

19 Geo. Ill- 14* — 17* Mait. 401

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered,'That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on all inhabited Houses, imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon all inhabited Houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said Act; and also for amending lb much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as imposes a Duty upon all Servants, retained or employed in the l'everal Capacities therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Ord reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, referred to the Consuleration of the said Committee, and had heard the Petitioners by their Counfd; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fume.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in being relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom;

A Motion was' made, and the Question being put. That this House will, upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

41-

28.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 17* Maii;

Anno 19* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1779.

Praters.

AN ingrafted Bill for more effectually preventing Frauds by private Distillers, and for the better Securing the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits, was read the Third Time.

Voi~ 37.

Refoiv:d, Thit the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds by private Distillers, and for the better seeming the Duties on Low Wines anti Spirits.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee, to Corflum whom the Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road fora the Cross Keys, otherwise Brickers Barn, in the Parish of Corsham, in the Coun'y of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge, in the County of metfet, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendmnn thereunto; which they had directed him to re port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clark’s Table: Where the Amendments

were Once read throug’out; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b$ ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville do make the Report B me i,aee from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent Manuiaftory* Abuses in the Payment of Wages to 1‘ersons employed in the Bone and Thread Lace Manufactory was committed.

Mr. Grenville accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; wiikh they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed roby the House

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Roger Newdigate, according to Order, reported Sr. Trinity from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better t^)v«nrryJ providing of a Maintenance for the Vicar of the Parish of The Trinity, in the City of Coventry, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Eftites, in the Parish of Saint Trinity, in the City and County of Coventry, was referred;

That the Committee had considered the said Petition, no Counsel having appeared in Behalf thereof; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed. That the several Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Estates, in the Parish of Saint Trinity, in the City and County of Coventry, who petitioned this House upon Thursday last,-praying to be heard, by themselves or Coun.cl, against the said Bill, and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received trotn the Committee, to whom the said Bill was commuted, declined being heard, by their Counsel, upon the Report of the said Bill;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Foliu 15, Line 2, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the

5 K Question

402

if Mali. A. 1779.

Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Folio 15, line 2, being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agnfe with the Committee in the said Amendment j The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tdh.b'O.Y 157*

T^forthcN^j^rZ.^io-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Hafland An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the ncoure. several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Hafland, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within tire Manor of Hajland,

in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Evenly An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Indofiire. Common Field, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Evenly, otherwise Bury Manor, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Field, and Commonable Lands and Grounds yrithin the Manor and Parish of Evenly, otherwise Bury Manor, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Knightley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Removal of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ^without* *° rc^vc into a Committee of the whole House, Cocquet. *° consider of an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for preventing Frauds, " and regulating Abuses, in his Majesty’s Customs," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir ’Thomas Clavering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Thomas Clavering accordingly reported: from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit the Removal of Lime, and other Articles necessary for the Improvement of Land, without Cocquet or Bond.

And Sir Thomas Clavering moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit the Removal of Lime, and other Articles nedeffary for the Improvement of Land, without Cocquet or Bond: And that Sir Thomas Clavering and Mr. Turner do prepare, and bring an, the feme.

14

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for taking off the Duty upon all Salt used in the Curing of Pilchards, and laying a proportionable Duty upon all Pilchards confirmed at Home only, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Lemon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made'several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Francis Baron

Osborne, of Kiveton, in the County of York, commonly called Marquis of Carmarthen, with Lady Amelia D'Arcy, Baroness Conyers, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Savile took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill j and that no Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the hill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the bill for preserving the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex; and for Relief of the Creditors under Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, and of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the said River, was committed.

And the Counsel against the Bill was called in.

And the said Report was again read.

And the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants of the several Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex, residing in or near the Towns of Hertford and Ware, and in other Parts of the said Counties, adjoining to the River Lee, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard.

And then he was dTreftedto withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That such a Number of Copies of the said Biii, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

Mr. Baker, Mr. Alderman

10.

Tellers for he

8l.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon

the

Pilchard used for home Coafumpiio*.

Marquis of Carmarthen’s Divorce.

Km Let

Navigation.

19 Geo. III. \f

the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for afeef-taining the Ileighth of \Vater in

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for authorizing the Trustees under the former Act to carry this Act into Execution.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing, that the Creditors of £. 35,000 first borr rowed, shall have a Priority of Payment to any subse* (juent Creditors.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for appointing additional Trustees.

And the said Clause was read the First Time, with Blanks.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing, that the Appointment of the present Officers shall ceale, and others be appointed in their room.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for restraining ti e Trustees from appointing Benjamin Rook to be their Clerk.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It palfed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being relating to the Transportation and the Imprisonment of certain Offenders, was committed;

And the House being informed. That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill-

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bili, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be now received. _

Mr. Brett accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Vol. 37.

Mail 403

Place; and afterwatds delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Cfe of the Members of the House.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill: Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Post Horses. granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken out by ail Persons letting to hire Horses for travelling Post, and certain Rates and Duties on all Horses let to hire for the Purpose of travelling Post, and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and W'hich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Perl bn letting for Time shall demand the Tax, and deliver a Certificate accordingly.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that no Postmaster or Innkeeper shall let Horses to Persons travelling Post, but for the Mile or Stage.

And the said Clause w'as Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving Time to the Executors of Innkeepers and Post-masters to take out Licences.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Auatonrer’s a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Licences, altering, amending, and enforcing, so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out " by all Persons acting as Auctioneers, and certain " Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods, and * other Things, sold by Auction, and upon Indentures,

" Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Instruments," as relates ‘ to the Method of granting Licences to Auctioneers, and to the collecting the Duties on Estates and Goods sold by Auction.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone -through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tore-port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

4°4 17 — 18° Mail. A. 1770.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

BUi" w Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the SmL- ih.* whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectually l'"' "* prev enting the pernicious Practices of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws of the Customs and Excise, upon the Terms therein mentioned, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Dutiet Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, otton 00. upon the Bill £>r discontinuing the Duties on Cotton W oul, the Growth and Product of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, exported from this Kingdom.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon and Meant, Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply Bill; Ordered That the Report from the Committee of the *H»use«n whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on all inhabited Houses, imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament j and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon all inhabited Houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said Act; and also for amending lb much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ns imposes a Duty upon all Servants, retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned, was committed, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 1 8® die Maii;

Anno 19* Georgii III'" Regis, 1779.

Pr AYERS.

A MESSAGE by Sir Francis Gentleman

V. Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

Royal The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Affrnt Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the imme-' diate Attendance ol this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great , the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal,-and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl of Marckmont, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as fulloweth;

An Act for the further Relief of Protestant Dissenting Ministers and School-masters:

An Act to repeal so much of several Acts of Parliament, as prohibit the Growth and Produce of Tobacco in Ireland, and to permit the Importation of Tobacco,

of the Growth and Produce of that Kingdom, into Great Britain, under the like Duties and Regulations as

Tobacco of the Growth of the Colonies in America is permitted to be imported:

An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation into this Kingdom of Hemp, of the Growth of the Kingdom of Ireland, for a limited Time:

An Act for granting a Drawback of the Duties ijn* poled by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, upon all Foreign Wines exported from Great Britain to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies:

An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to foil and dispose of certain Fee Farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customavy Tenements, within their Survey; and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy:

An Act for altering the Times of holding the Martinmas and Candlemas Terms, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland:

An Act for better securing the Duties on Starch:

An Act for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Scake of Horncastle, and Wapentakes of Wraggoe and Gartree (except the Parish of Great Sturton)and within the Wapentakes of Louth Efke, Ludborough, and Calceworth, and Parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Benington, Freiston,

and Fishtoft, in the Hundred ot , in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for building a new Gaol and House of -rection for the County of Pembroke:

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for draining and " preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds,

" lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level " of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, and " in the County of Cambridge, between the River " Cam, otherwise Grant, West, and the Hardlands " of Bottisham, Swaffham Bul, and Swaffham

u East; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs,

" and Commonalty, of the Company of Conserva tors " of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly " called Bedford Level, to foil certain Fen Lands " lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called " Invejled Lands :"

An Act for erecting a Market House, and regulating the Markets, within the Borough of ,in the County of Somerset; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Pal--lages and Places, within the said Borough:

An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Town and Borough of Trent, in the County of Stafford; and for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein:

An Act to enable the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of the Ninth Year of the lteign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge at over the,

River Severn, and for opening convenient Avenues to the said Bridge, to finish and complete the said Bridge, and to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington, in the said County, so for as the same relates to the Road between the Town of mouth and Workington aforesaid:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the ..... Twenty-

ip Geo. III. 18° M. 405

Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Borough under Stainmoor, in the County of by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge, in the said County:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of " ham, in the County of Denbigh, to Bridge,

" in the County of Flint; and from the Town of Mold to Northop, Holywell, and Rhuddlan, in the

44 same County, and from thence to the Ferry " opposite the Town of Conway, in the County of " Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to the said Town of

" Mold-," as relates to the District of Road from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to.

Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint:

An Act for reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Laws now in Force, for repairing the Road leading from the Town or Village of 7 to the most Northern Part of Tiuk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford and for repairing the Road from Darlaflone Bridge, over Heath, through the Town or Village of 1 ittenfor aforesaid:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled,/ An Act for widening and repairing the High Road " leading from Heron S\ke, which divides the Counties " of Lancaster and Westmoreland, to the Town of in Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby in Ken- dal, through the Town f to Eamont Bridge, in

" the said County of West m or eland

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keep-- ing in Repair, the Roads from the Town of ham, in the County of Denbigh to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint-, and from the Town of Mold, 44 to Northop, Holywell, and Rhuddlan, in the same County i and from thence to the Ferry House, ofpofite the Town of Conway, in the County of - narvon -, and from Ruthin to the said Town of Mold," as rc-ates to the District of Road from the Town of Ruthm, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint

An Act for making and repairing several Roads round the City of Bristol:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the Eighth Year of King George the First, and the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Ktlburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to Sparrow's Herne, in the County of

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to the Town of " LantriJJent, and also the Road leading from New- bridge, to a Place called The Old Furnace, all in the County of Glamorgan

An Act for establishing an Exchange between George Earl of Shrewsbury, and Thomas Gilbert, Esquire, of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Stafford; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for confirming a Partition of several Estates, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, between the honourable Charles William Wyndham and other the Devilees of Charles late Earl of Egremont, deceased, and their IH’ue, and Charles Marquis of and

Vol. 37.

Charlotte Countess of Aylesford, and for vetting And settling the same to the several Uies therein mentioned i and for several other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable the Guardians of Sir Charles Style, Baronet, an Infant, to grant Leases of hi-. Freehold Estates in Middlesex during his Minority, and to effectuate the other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for Sale of the next Presentations to certain Livings, late the Estates of Si' Griffith Boynton, Baronet, deceased, for Payment of his Dcbisj and for substitut* ing other Parts of his Estates to be charged with his Y unger Children’s Fortunes, in lieu of those by his V> if charged therewith j and other Purposes:

An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Henry Smtrfield, Esquire, situate in the County of Brecon, and for pu chafing other Estates in the County of Pembroke, to be letcled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, the Settled Eftaie of John Esquire, situate in

the County of Kent, in Trutt, to sell the same, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uies:

An Act to impower certain Persons to infranchise divers Copyhold and Customary Lands and Tenements, within the several Manors or Lordships of Titchfield, Lee, Marks, and Mirabell Crofton, and Newland, in the County of Southampton i and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable John Bovtater, Esquire, during his Life, and afier his Death the Guardian or Guardians of his Issue Male by the honourable Francis Bo-water his Wile, during their respective Infancies, to grant Building Leases of his Settled Estates at Woolwich and Charlton, in the County of Kent:

An Act to enable the Executors and Trustees of the Will of Charles Churchill, Esquire, deceased, and in the Marriage' Settlement of Charles Churchill, Esquire, and Lady Maria his Wife, to raise Money by Sale or Mortgage of some of the Trutt Securities, for advancing to the Children in their Father’s Lifetime, Part of their Portions provided for them by the Settlement, but thereby not made payable till after his Decease :'

An Act for vesting certain F.states, in the Counties of Carmarthen, Brecon, and Radnor (deviled by the Will of Roderick Gwynne, Esquire, deceased) in Trustees, to be fold} and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uies:

An Act for varying certain Provisions contained in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Re ign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Trad of Common or Waste Ground, called Lower Darwen Moor, in the Parish of Blackburn, in the County Paiaiinc. of Lancaster:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open and Common Fields, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Jrthington, in the County of Cumberland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of C/axton, otherwise Long C/azcfn, in the Couniy of Leict/lcr:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish or Liberties of Buckne/l, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Amcotts, in the Parish of Althorpe, in the County of Lincoln:

L An

Royal Aflenl to

Bill*.

Royal Assent to

Bills.

406 180 MA 1779.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of , in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Hamlet of Dean, in the Parish of , in the County of

Oxford:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Commonable and Waste Lands, called Affon Common, Marlepit Common, and Cock Skute, within the Parish of Iron Aston, in the County of

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields of Leve, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part of the Common or Waste Ground called; which

lies in the Parish of Stapleton, in the County of cester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,'Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Par lh of Clifford Chambers, in the County of Gloucester: An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parishes and Liberties of Bierton and Hulcot, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for confirming and establishing a Division and Inclosure of the Common or Open Fields, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Wilts, and certain Exchanges ot Lands and Estates

within the said Parish:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Market Raisin, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, lying and being within the Minors, Lordships, or Liberties of torih Beauchamp, wort h Harcourt, and Smeeton ft ffierby, in the Parish of Rib-xorth Beauchamp, in the county of:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and ' inch ling, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows', Common Pastures, and Waste 1 ands, of and within the Manor, Lordship, or Liberties, of Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton: '

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, within the Tithing of Elcot, in the Parish of Kintbury, in the County of Berks:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within ti e Parish of Speen, in the County of Berks:

An Act for dividing and incl sing a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Oulton Ileath, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing and allotting the Open Common Fekh, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, in the Manor and Parish of Wanborough, in the county of:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of in

the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Parishes of Milton, otherwise Middleton, Malfor, and Collingtree, otherwise Coliingtrough, in the County of

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, of 17

Idbury, Bowld, and Fofcotl, within the Manor and Parish of Idbury, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, F.-relt and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Calverton, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for making the exemplification of the last Will and Testament of Mary Edwards, deceased,

Evidence in all the Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland:

An Act for naturalizing Peter Daille An Act for naturalizing John vel Ion:

An Act for naturalizing famesCharnaud:

Sir William Bagot reported from the Committee, to jvffWO whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estates.

Act for enabling the Trustees, named in the Will of Richard Perfehotvfe, late ot Reynolds Hall, in the County '

of Stafford, Esquire, deceased, to borrow,-and take up at Interest, on M rrtgage of the Freehold Estates late of the said Richard Peifhowse, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Tntre thousand Three hundred Pounds, to be applied in or towards the Purchase of the Copyhold Estates late of the said Richard Petfehowfc, was committed; That t'e Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-: 1

cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa- ’

tisfadion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Hoyle, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill iq at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. f

Ordered, That Sir William Bagot Ho carry the Bill to C

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

' Sir George Savile, according to Order, reported front jyfaPn„;«of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the in- Caiwtlieni grafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dif- Divorce, lolve the Marriage of Francis O Baton of Kiveton, in the County of } commonly called

Marquis of Carmarthen, with Lady Amelia D’Arcy,

Baronels Conyers, his now Wife; and to enable him 19 many again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; the Amendment which the Commiitee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered t'c Bill, with the Amendment, in ar ihe Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 22 1. 36. Leave out " said."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do

pals.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships. f

An ingrafted Bill for the better providing of a Main- St.Trinity; tenance for the Vicar of the Parish of The Trinity, in the City of Coventry, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for the betier providing of a Maintenance for the Vicar of the Parish of Tfht in the City of

Coventry.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Newdigate dq carry Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to prevent Abuses in the Payment of ,?on*^ct

Wages

Cor (ham Xoa d>.

Removal

i Line, &c. without Cocquet.

Pilchards used fur home Coniamption.

Eden’s

Charity

Estates.

Cirencester

to

Stroud

Road.

19-GEO.III. 18° Matt. 407

Wages to Persons employed in the - Bone\anrd Thread read the Report in his1 Place; and afterwards delivered Lace Manufactory, was read the Third Time. the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric's Ta*

ResolveJ, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title ble: Where the Amendments were Once read through-be, An Act to prevent Abuses in the Payment of Wages out; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon to Persons employed in the Bone and Thread Lace Ma- the 'Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by nufaftory. the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville do carry the Bill to Ordered, That the Bill, with tire Amendments, be the.Lords, and flefire their Concurrence. ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Cross Keys, otherwise -ers Barn, in the Parish of in the County of Wilts, to Bath EaJJon Bridge, in the County of was read the Third Time.

ResolvedThat the Bill do pals: And that the Title

be, An Act for continuing the Term of an Act of the Thirtieih Year of his late. Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the :Ruad from the Cross Keys, otherwise Barn, in

the Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath JLaPon Bridge, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir ‘Thomas Clavering presented to the House according to Order, a Bill to permit the Removal of Lime, and other Articles necessary for the Improvement of -Land, without Cocquet or Bond: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

B.ejllved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Lemon, according to Order, reported from -the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking off the Duty upon ail Salt used in the Curing of Pilchards, and laying a proportionable Duty upon jail Pilchards consumed ar Home only, was committed; -the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in ;his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Estates, situate in the Parishes of Saint Mary Redcliffe and Saint Thomas, or one of them, in the City of Bristol, given by Thimar Eden the Elder, late of Broodmarfon, in the Parish of

Pebvtortk, in the County of Glouccfier, Gentleman, for Charitable Uses, to grant Building Leases thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Chester reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill tp enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Ci-reneefler ter the Town of Strend, and that Part of Rod-

borough Hill which leads to j and also the

Road leading from Ciretucjler towards Bijley, so far as the Bottom of Gu/ph Hill, all in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, an.d made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he Voi. 37.

Hoad.

Mr. Chesterrqjorted'from the Committee, to whom Cirmcester

the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, paf* to fed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Cricklade Majesty King George the Second, for repairing 'and

widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of

Gloucester, to Cricklade, 'in the County of Wilts, was committed,; That the Committee had examined thie Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him-to report to the House; and be fead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were Agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Meetings of enlarging the Times appointed for the -Fhft Meetings of com»iffionen Commissioners or Trustees for putting in execution cep-tarn Acts of this Session of Parliament: And that Mr. ccr 41 *’

Poulett and Sir Thomas Claveriitg do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Burgesses and Freemen of the Bo- OccaConal rough of Derby, in the County of Derby, was presented Freemen, to the House, and Tead; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is intended to be brought into Parliament, to prevent the great Abuse which prevails in many Corporations of making Honorary Freemen, for the corrupt and avowed Purpose of influencing the Election of Members to serve in Parliament; and for representing to the House. that great Numbers of Freemen of this Description have been lately made in the lard Borough, which the Petitioners conceive to be an Abuse of the Power exercised by the Corporation, and to be subversive of the Petitioners Rights and Privileges; and that the Petitioners do not wish, by this Application, to lessen the Number of Electorsj and they should be glad to see the Right of Election in tine Laid Borough as extensive as puffible, provided it was fairly done, and the Freedom of the Borough given to Persons residing in, and having a natural Connexion with, the Borough; but, if a Stop is not speedily put to the present Practice, the Election of Members to serve' in Parliament for the Borough of Derby, vyill be made by Persons who live at a Distance, and are total Strangers to the Place; the Petitioners therefore look up with great Deferrence to the collective Body of the liepresentatives of the People, as the natural and constitutional Guardians of the Rights of Election, and resort to them for Protection, hoping that the House will protect them in the Enjoyment of those Rights and Privileges which they pr their Ancestors have justly earned:

And therefore praying, That the intended Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, An Act, made in the Third-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent occasional Freemen from voting at Elections of " Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs," be read a Second Time.

The

18° Mail

J. 1779.

Accounts 5 , The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from of customs Commissioners of the Customs in attended

amj at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-Smuggled fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Goods. Account of the Totals of Drawbacks of the Du-

ties of Customs, for the last Fourteen Years, upon printed Linens and Callicoes exported from;

distinguishing each, and each Year: And alto,

, An Account of the Net produce aridng from the Sale of Goods smuggled into Scotland, from the 5th Day of January 1760 to the 5th Day of January 1779, distinguishing each Yeear.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr,

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Marquis of The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by "Divorce!'* ^'s House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve

the Marriage of Francis Baron Osborne of

Kiveton, in the County of , commonly called Marquis of Carmarthen, with Lady Amelia Baroness

Conyers, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also,

Gloucester The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to for amending the Road from the Nine Mile Stone on

Stone the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay

from the ^'/s' to or near l^e Chapel at Stone, and also the 9 mile Hone. R°ads to and near Berkley, Durjley, W

Stroud and Sodbury, and several other Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

Ecclesell The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the several Open Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Ecclesall, in the Parish of ,in the West Riding of the County of without any

Amendment: And also,

Navigation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Act. to explain so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the encouraging and increasing of " Shipping and Navigation," as relates to the Importation into this Kingdom, and other His Majesty’s Dominions, of Goods and Commodities of the Growth or Production of Africa, Asia, or America, which are manufactured in Foreign Parts; for preventing Masters of Ships removing their Vessels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of , be-

fore the Goods are discharged, or their Vessels are cleared, by the proper Officers, Inwards or Outwards; and for allowing the Officers of the Customs and Excise to make Use of Lights on Board Ships in the Haven, Dock, or Bason, at the Port of Kingston upon Hull, without any Amendment; And also,

Sealy’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Divorce, dissolve the Marriage of Henry Sealy with Ann

rosse, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

American Ordered, That Sir George Osborne, Baronet, do, this Affairi. Day, in his Place, attend the Committee of the whole House, who are appointed to take into Consideration the several Papers which were presented to the House

by Mr. De Grey, upon the 19th Day of March last, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.

Sir James Lozvther reported from the Committee, to Morland whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons Inclosure. or Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Morland, in the Parish of Morland, in the County of Westmoreland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Sranding Orders of the House, of the 2{th of Ap.1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Co.nfent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Conmv.iree, and also to the changing of One of the Commissioners therein named (except the Owners of Efhtes having Right of Common on the hid Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, rated to the Poor at 17*. per Annum, who refilled to sign the Bill; and of such Estates (o rated at 7 who could not be met with: and that the Whole of the Estates having R’ght of Common are so rated at £.8. 4s. 2Id. per Annum-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the B ’i) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which th. y had directed him to report to the House; and in: read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered ttie Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once rea l throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quetiion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making Allotments to the Dean and Chapter of C<?r-lisle, and the Owners of Houses and Lands, for Lime-ltone Quarries.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bili, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir James Lozvther reported from the Committee, to Trufee* whom the irgrossed Bill from the Lords, intitule !, A11 »i Act for appointing new Trustees, in the P ace of those deceased, for Sale of so much of the Estates late of Sir William Dalston, Knight, as will be sufficient for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies by his Will charged thereon, was committed; That the'Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a America Committee of the whole House, to consider further Attain, of the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. De Grey, upon the 19th Day of March last, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sneaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee.

That they had examined several other Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon

Morning

19 Geo. III. i8° — 190 Mail. 409

Morning next, resolve itself inter 1 Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Morning next.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Colonel Nicholas Sutherland do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

"Vir' ») Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House

CuttonWool, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Hill for discontinuing the Duties on Cotton Wool, the Growth and Product of the Colonies or Plantations in America, exported from this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Adam FerguJJontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Adam FerguJJon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereuntoj which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Middlesex -, and for Relief of the Creditors under Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, and of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the said River, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Billj viz.

Pr. 27. 1. a. After " Hertford" to insert " and also " of certain Works for supplying " the said Town with Water, belonging to the Mayer and Al- dennen of the said Town."

1. 1 a. After " Mills" to insert " and to , " the Mayor of the said Town of

" Hertford, dm Si ing each of them." 1. 23. After " Stream" to insert " and also " near the said Waterworks."

1. 35. To leave out from Height" to " and" in 1. 31.

Pr. 29. 1. 1. After " Mills" to insert " or the

" Person having the Care of the " said Waterworks."

1. 2. After " Mills" to insert " or Water-

" works."

an^To leave out " upon Notice thereof n 1 " given to him."

Aoftinneen* The other Order of the Day being read j i.u.;nce>. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for altering, amending, and enforcing, so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by " all Pt rfons acting as Audioneers, and certain Rates " and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods, and other " Tilings, sold by Auction, and Upon Indentures, Leases, " Bonds, Deeds, and other Instruments," as relates to the Method of granting Licences to Audioneers, and to the collecting the Duties on Estates and Goods sold by Auction, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more ,effectually preventing the pernicious Practices of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws of the Customs and Excise, upon the Terms therein mentioned, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 19* Matt;

Anno 19* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1779. Praters.

Removal A BILL to permit the Removal of Lime, and of Lime, &c. AX.other Articles necessary for the Improvement of

without Land, without Cocquet or Bond, was read a Second Cocquet. Time,

Resolved', That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the said Bill.

River Lee -^n ‘ngrQffe^ Bill for preserving the Navigation of Navigation, ^e River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and VOL 37.

1. 14. After " Mills" to insert " or the " Person having the Care of the " said Waterworks, shall not im- mediately shut down the said " Works."

leave out upon Notice thereof

T8,) " given to him‘"

1. 42. After " Ad" to insert " Notice " having been given to them respectively so to do."

1. 23. After " aforesaid" to insert " lb."

1. 35. After " shall " to insert " for every " such Offence."

Pr. 30. 1. 5. After " thereof* to insert " or of

" the said Waterworks, qr of cer-... " tain Mills, called Hertford Town

" Mills ,or any Occupier thereof;

" Provided also, that no Occupier " of the said Mills, called Dicker " Mtlls\ or Person having the Care " of the said Water-works, shall be " subject to the Penalty aforesaid,

" for not keeping the Water in " Dicker Mill Stream up to such " Heigluh as aforesaid, whenever

any of the Works of the said " Navigation, above the Mouth of " the Cut or Canal in King's Mead, shall be out of Repair."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Quftion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for preserving the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill, to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty', intituled-, " An Act for establishing certain Regulations " for the better Management of the Affairs of the Eajf " India Company, as well in India as in Europe," might be read.

And the same was read, accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a

5 M "Sum

Fa ft India Company.

Nicoll’s

Inflates.

Tniftcct of D*lfton ’$ £ dates.

Ludlow

Roads.

190 Maii.

410

" Sum of Money to be hufed by Exchequer Bills, and " to be advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, for the Relief of " the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for continuing in the Poffdfion of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for a Time to be limited, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and for continuing, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations " for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe" as will expire in the Course of the present Year: And that the Lord North, the Lord BeauchMr. Cornwall, the Lord Westcote, the Lord Palnte Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Robin/ou, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Lord John Cavendish reported from the Committee,

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estates of the late John Nicoll, of Bolton, in the County of York, Esquire, for Payment of his Debts, was committed , That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without aqy Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Lord John Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for appointing new Trustees, in the Place of those deceased, for Sale of so much of the Estates late of Sir William Dalfton, Knight, as will be sufficient for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies by his Will charged thereon, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 39. To leave out " Estate," and insert " Estates" instead thereof; and after " to insert

" and

Pr. 10. 1. 36. After " shall" to insert "at their " Expence."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pals.

Ordered, That Sir James Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with same Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving and continuing an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads lading from The Market , and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County crit Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the BUI, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Houfo|

A.

1779.

and be read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in a the-Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (A), being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be rc-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to tire Committee to whom the same was committed.

Sir Adam Fergu/fon, according to Order, reported D»ti«

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the c,.to'W(Jol Bill for discontinuing the Duties on Cotton Wool, the Growth and Product of the Colonies or

Plantations in America, exported from this Kingdom, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had di- reded him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, , with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. ‘

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Most noble Henry Duke of - of

castle , Lord of the Manor of Elkj in the County of Nottingham, and Owner and Proprietor of Lands and m Estates, within the Parish of El aforesaid, on Be- ElMey.s

half of himself and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That a Bill is ordered to be brought into tire House, for exonerating certain Lands and Tenements, within the said Parish, from the Payment of Tithes; and that there is, within the said Parish, Two Open Commons, or Forests, and also certain Pieces of Waft*

Ground, which are the sole Property of the Petitioner and the other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Parish» and that the same have been divided and allotted amongst the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose; and Allotments have also been made and set out in Lieu of all Tithes arising within the said Parish, and certain Exchanges have been agreed upon; and the Petitioner and the several other Persons aforesaid are desirous that the said Division, Inclosure, and Exchanges, should be confirmed and established, and that all the said-Lands within the said Parish should be exonerated from the Payment of Tithes, according to the said Agreement: And therefore praying, on Behalf of himself and the several other Owners of Lands and Estates within the said Parish, That Provision may be made in th<? said Bill, for establishing the said Agreement, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Most noble.

Henry Duke of Newcastle, That they do make Provision in the said Eiil, puduaat to the Prayer of the Petition now presented.

Mr. Poulett presented to the House, according to Meeting* of Order, a Bill for enlarging the Times appointed for the FirstMeetings of Conwnissioners, or Trustees, for ceriaitt A&t* putting in execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament: And the’ same was received; and read-the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Houffe, according to Order; resolved itfeff into a Comrpittte of the whole House, to consider further of

die

Militia La'in.

19CE0. III.

19*- 40*

4*T

the Bill to explain, anjend,. and render more, effectual, the several Laws now in being, relative to the Milifia Forces of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Minchin took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Minchinreported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill and that he was di rested by the Committee, to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Rehived,', That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itfeJf* into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read; i Tn tn Ordered, That the Bill to regulate the Business of vV.j,eg. Frame-work Knitting, and for preventing Frauds and

Abtiles therein, be read a Second Time upon Friday

Moin.ng next.

I -\"i Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of r. . tig the w:)0]c House, to whom the Bill to explain and r. . .;. ;,uu. amend the Laws now in being, relating to the Transpor-tatien and the Imprisonment of certain Offenders, was re-committed, be taken into further Confederation Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

s«r-piy.

Re/cdved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve i felt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Wn* Refohed, That this House will, upon Friday Moro-

utiM.du*. ing rext, re^bive itself into a Committee of the whole Hou'e, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Duties whole House,. to whom the Bill for repealing the Du- ^ou^* tics on all inhabited Houses, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament: and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon all inhabited Houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said Act j and also for amending so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as imposes a Duty upon all Servants, retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

JMionerri’ Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the ceucts. w.fj0je House, to whom the Bill for altering, amending, and enforcing, so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " certain Dudes on Licences to be taken out by all " Persons acting as Auctioneers, and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods, and other " Things, sold by Auction, and upon Indentures, " Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Instruments," as relates to the Method of granting Licences to Auctioneers, and to the collecting the Duties on Estates and Goods (old i v Auction, was committed,. be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, "j'has the Report from the Committee of f''e whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectua’ly preventing the pernicious Practices of Smuggling in ild'..Kingdom, and for indemnifying Persons who i'uve been guilty of Offences against the Laws of the Cufoms and Excise, upon the Terms therein tv.tqtionedy. was committed, be received Tormorrow Moving.

And then the House adjourned till Tb-morrow Meaning, Ten of the Clock.

Vot.j7.

Jovis, 20° die Maii\

Anno 19* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1779s

PKATUJ.

AP E TITIO N of James Gild art, late of Liverpool, Merchant, Francis of the lame

Place, Gentleman, Thomas Gildart, of London, Merchant, Samuel Appleton, Di(filler, George Sweeting, and John Walker, all of Liverpool aforesaid, was prtlcnred to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner James Gildart, together with Richard Gildart, Esquire, and James Newsham, both d com led, and the Petitioner Samuel Appleton, by their Bond dated the 29th Day of January 1767, became bound to His Majesty in £. 16,000, with a Condition, thereunder written, for the said James Gildart'% duly and faithfully accounting for and paying into the Exchequer all Money which he should receive for His Majesty’s Use, by virtue of his Office of Receiver General of the Window Tax for the County of La, and that the said Richard Gildart died in January 1770, seised and possessed of several Freehold and Leasehold Estates, subject to Mortgages affecting certain Parts thereof, to the Amount of £. 3,coo and upwards, and which Mort-

gages were prior to the said recited Bond j and that the said Richard Gildart, by his last Will, dated the 21st Day of September 1762, after certain Dispositions therein contained, gave and bequeathed all the Residue of his Real and Personal Estates unto his Executors thereinafter named, upon Trust, by Mortgage or Sale thereof, or of a competent Part thereof, to raise Money to pay his Debts and Legacies, and after Payment thereof, he gave and deviled all the Residue of his Real and Personal Estates unto the Petitioner the said James Gildart, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and thereby appointed the Petitioners Francis Gildart and Thomas GildUrt, together with Spencer Steers, since de-cealed. Executors of his said Will; and, on the Death Of the said Richard Gildart, the Petitioner Francis Gildart alone proved the said Will, and proceeded to execute the Trusts thereof, by felling and disposing of the Testator’s Personal Estate and Effects, and by felling feme Parts of his Freehold and Leasehold Estate, syid applying the Money produced thereby, and by the Rents and Profits thereof, towards Discharge of the said Testator’s Debts and Legacies, but a considerable Part of such Mortgage Debt still remains unsatisfied; and that the Petitioners James Gildart, George,

and John Walker, by their Bond, dated 26th June 1770, became bound to His Majesty in 10,000; and the Petitioners James Gildart, George Sweeting, John Walker, and Samuel Appleton, by another Bond, dated the 26th June 1777, became likewise bound to His Majesty in the further Sum of £. 10,000; and that the Petitioner James Gildart enjoyed the Offices of Receiver General of the Land Tax and Window Tax for the County of Lancaster for 30 Years and upwards, which he faith* fully executed, and hath regularly accounted for and paid into the Exchequer all Sums of Money received by him for His Majesty’s Use, by virtue of the said Offices, up to the 5th of ApHl 1775, and hath obtained a Quietus for all Arrears due from him to chat Time} and that there is now due from the Petitioner James Gildart to the Crown, for the Balance of his Accounts of his Receipts of the W indow Tax and Land Tax for the Years 1776 and 1777, the Sum of £.25,019. 17*. id.}and also the further Sum of i,8ao. 4 the

Balance of his Accounts of Receipts of the said Taxes,' and of the House Taxr for the Year 177*, as appears’ by Two Certificates annexed to the Petition, under the Hand of the proper Officer, which Sums, from his -Losses and Misfortunes in Trade, he being wholly unable

to

G'Hw’i

Debt t<. ibe Crown.

GiklaiVs Dzbc to the Crown.

412 ao"Mail A. 1779.

to pay, was obliged to withdraw himself from the King- Then a Petition of Gil dart, late of Liverpool,

dom; and that, by an inquisition taken by the Sheriff < Merchant, of the same Place Gentle-

of the County Palatine of Lancaster, the 5th Day of man, Thomas , of Merchant, Samuel

December 177#, by virtue of a Writ of £xtent issued Appleton, Distiller, George Sweeting, and John [Talker, out of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, it was found, all of Liverpool aforesaid, together with Two Ger-that the Petitioner the said James Gildart was seised and tificates thereunro annexed, being offered to be pre-possessed of divers Freehold and Lea felt old Messuages, fen ted to the House;

Lands, Tenements, Goods, Chattels, and Personal The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac-Estate, in the said Inquisition mentioned, and that a quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been Writ oi Venditioni Exponas hath been issued under the informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives Seal of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, for the His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is con

Sale of the Goods and Chattles of the Petitioner the cerned, that the House may do therein as they shall said James Gildart, which were seized by virtue of think fit.

the said Writ of Extent; and that the several Estates so Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; seized and held under and by virtue of the said Writ containing the same Allegations as the last preceding of Extent, confiding principally of Leasehold Houses Petition; and praying, That Leave may be be given to which are subject to the Expence of Renewals, and be- bring in a Bill to impower the Commissioners of His ing for the most Part old, require frequent and con* Majesty’s Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for siderable Repairs, and of a Coal Mine, which is of a the Time being, to compound with the Petitioners, the precarious Nature, and cannot be worked without very said Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart, for the Debts large Expences, it appears, that, after deducing such so due from the said James , and Jtis Sureties,

necessary Expences, and the Charges of the Receipt of and for veiling all the Estates, Real and Personal, of the Rents and Profits and Management of the said the said James and Richard Gildart, in the Pe-

Estates, the clear Produce thereof to be paid into the titioners, the said Francis Gildart and Thomas Exchequer would be very fnull and inconsiderable, so on their praying, or securing to be paid, the Balance due that the Prospect of the said Debts to His Majesty be* from the said James Gildart, on his Account for the ing discharged thereby would be extremely remote and Year 1778, and also all such Sums of Money as shall uncertain; and the Petitioners, the said Samuel Apple* be agreed to be accepted by Way of Competition for ton, George Sweeting, and John Walker, the Sureties the remaining Debt, by Way of Indemnification to for the Petitioner James Gildart, are all in low and re- them for such Payments, or that the Petitioners duced Circumstances, and are wholly unable to pay any may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem Part of the Debts due to the Crown; and that the Pe- meet.

titioners Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart, the Bro- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

there of the Petitioner James Gildart, seeing the utter Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Impossibility of the said James Gildart, or his Sureties, Resolved, That this House will, upon H’ednefJay Mornbeing ever able to discharge the said Debts due to the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Crown, otherwise than by Composition, applied, by House, to consider of the said Petition.

Petition, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s . v

Treasury, praying the y might beat Liberty to apply Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, VLndW to Parliament for an Act to enable the said Lords Com- to whom the Bill for reviving and continuing an Act, . R’oa<k. missioners to compound the said Debts fa due from the made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said James Gildart and his Sureties to the Crown, to late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in which Petition their Lordships afiented, provided the Repair, several Roads leading from The Market , Petitioners, the said Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County paid the Balance due from the said James Gildart, On of Salop, was re-committed; That the Committee had his Account for the Year 1778, which the said Peti- made several other Amendments to the Bill; which tioners are willing and able to do; and that the Peti- they had directed him to report to the House; and be tioners Francis and Thomas Gildart having but.very read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered lately got the Consent of the 1 ords Commissioners of the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Ta-the Treasury to their said Petition, the Petitioners could ble: Where the Amendments were Once read through-not present theit Petition to the House, for Leave to out; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, bring in a Bill'for the Purposes aforesaid within the upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed Time limited by the Order of the House for presenting to by the House.

Petitions for private Bihb: And therefore praying, That Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

they 1 nay have Leave to present a Petition to the House, ingrafted, for Leave to bring in a Bill to impower the Commifr

sioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or the Lord High The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Iam

Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with the into further Consideration the Report from the Com- reUing Petitioners, the said Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart, mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bi 11 tO ex. TrAntporutrafr for the said Debts so due from the said James Gildart, plain and amend the Laws now in being, relating to and his Sureties, and for veiling all the Estates, Real the Transportation and the Imprisonment of certain and Personal, of tile said James Gildart and Richard Offenders, was committed.

Gildart, in the Petitioners, the said Francis Gildart and And the Amendments, made by the Committee to Thomas Gildart,. on their paying, or securing to be paid, the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, the Balance due from the said James Gildart, on his upon the Question severally put thereupon, with '

Account for the Year 1778, and also all such Sums Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the

of Money as shall be agreed to be accepted by Way of House; and several Amendments were made, by the

Composition for the remaining Debt, by Way of In- House, to the Bill.

demnification to them for such Payments, or that the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Petitioners may be otherwise relieved, as to the House ingrafted, shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Sir Edtmrd reported from the Committee, Darfins-ham

Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- IneJofure.

be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said closing, the several Whole Year Lands (except certain

James Gildart, Francis Gildart, Thomas Gildart, Samuel Lands called lole Property of

Appleton, George Sweeting, and John Walker. , Dixon , Esquire, and the Impropriator’s Glebe)

Common

Chifedoa

«nd

Hocfoo

inclosure.

Grimston

ladofur*

19 Geo. III. 20°

Common Fields, Half Yew Lands, Shack Meadows* and Heaths, and other Commons, Waste and Common* able Lands, within the Parish of otherwise

Derfingham, in the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted*

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill lor dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Linds, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Chifledott, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Persons, Owners of 69 Acres, Part of the Lands intended to be inclosed; and that the Whole of the Lands, intended by the Bill to be divided and inclosed, amount to 1,669 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Edward Aftley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands and Breeks, Common Fields, Half Year Lands and Heaths, and Commons, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk, was committed, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of Afril 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of Committee ( except the Owners of Lands assessed to the Poors Rate at £. 39. 10s. a Year, and the Owners of Seven Messuages, who refused to lign the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands within the said Parish are rated to the Poors Rate at 1,520 a Year, and upwards; and the whole Number of Messuages are 79 > *nd that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him

Vps.. 37.

to Report to the House; and he read, the Repent in his Place; and afterward delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were O.nce read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; ^nd, upon the Questton severally put thereupon* W|ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Arne .<?y reported from the Committee, to whom Rous’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Elites. Veiling in Trustees the Timber and Wood growing upon the Estate late belonging to ’Thomas Rous, Esquire* deceased, in the County of U'orcester, in Trull, to sell the same, and apply the Monies arising therefrom to1 wards discharging certain Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Conv mittee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table*

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pafss

Ordered, That Mr. Annesley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

A Bill for enlarging the Times appointed for the Meetings of First Meetings of Commissioners, or Trustees, for put? Com"^"rner' ting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parlia- certain A a*, ment, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Poulett,

Mr. Ord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Committee, Regulation to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of Prisons, f of and Houses of Correction, within the‘Kingdom of awns’ *’ England, and Dominion of Wales, is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the Establishment of One fit and able Person, to be an inspecting Physician to visit the Sick in the Gaols, Prisons, and Places of Confinement for Prisoners, within the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the City and Liberty of Westminster, and to provide fomo proper Fund for the Payment of a suitable Salary to such inspecting Physician, and to defray the Expences that may be incurred by Medicines, and other Necessaries, given to sick Frilbners, pursuant to his Prescriptions, and Directions, and for which no Provision has. hitherto been made.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty cer- j t tain Duties on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons letting to hire Horses for travelling Poll, and certain Rates and Duties on all Horses let to hire, for the Purpose of travelling Poll, and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on licences, to be taken out by all Persons letting Horses to hire for travelling in the Manner therein mentioned, and a certain Duty on all Horses let to hire for the Purposes of travelling Poll, and by Time, and upon certain Carnages therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Auftipnew* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Licences, altering, amending, and enforcing, so much of an Act, made in Seventeenth Year of the Reign of

i N His

Removal of Lime, &c* without Cocquer*

Vexatious

Arrests.

Kail India Company,

414

ao° Mali.

’A. 1779;

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting " to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to the " taken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers, and " certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, " Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction, and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Instruments," as relates to the Method of granting Licences to Auctioneers, and to the collecting the Duties on Estates and Goods sold by Auction, was committed} the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Owners to buy in certain Goods without paying the Duties.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the Removal of Lime, and other Articles necessary for the Improvement of Land, without Cocquet or Bond, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon IVidnef-dayMorning next.

An ingrafted Bill for difeontihuing the Duties on Do-i« Cotton Wool, the Growth and Product of the 011

Colonies or - Plantations in America, exported from this Co!loa 00 Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for discontinuing the Duties on Cotton Wool, the Growth and Product of the Bri ij)i Colonies or Plantations in America, exported from this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Sir Adam Ferguson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the Hoyle by Mr. De Grey upon the 19th Day of March last, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee. ’

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, That they had examined another Witness, and iiad made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred } and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Ordered \That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day (except Lieutenant General Sir Guy Carleton) do attend the said Committee upon this Day Sevennight.

American

Colomcs.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,' Amwlcw That there be laid before this House, Copies, or Ex- Affair*, tracts, of the Correspondence between Lieutenant General Sir Guy Carleton, and Lieutenant General

during the Years 1776 and 1777;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j J ‘7-

Tellers for the Noes 4^1. BmZ’:|

So it passed in the Negative.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the.

Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, The other Orders of the Day being read;

intituled; "An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious OrdeThat the Report from the Committee of Supply Bill;

" Arrests," might be read. the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the

And the same being read accordingly; Duties on all inhabited Houses, imposed by an Act on outt>

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ma<k in the laftSelfion of Parliament; and for granting explain and amend the said Act: And that the Lord to His Majesty other Duties upon all inhabited Houses Beauchamp, Mr. Dunning, the Lord Ongley, Mr. Attor- Great Britain, and for amending the said Act; and ney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, ^1° for amending so much of an Act, made in die Se- Mr. Newnham, Mr. Wilbrabam Bootle, and Mr. Popham, yenteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as do prepare, and bring in, the fame. imposes a Duty upon all Servants, retamed or employed

in the several Capacities therein mentioned, was tom

The Lord North presented to the House, according naitted, be received Tomorrow Morning, to Order, a Bill for continuing in the Possession of the OrThat the Report from the Committee of United Company of Merchants of England trading to whole House, to whom the BUI for the more effec-the East Indies, for a Time to be limited, and under tually preventing the pernicious Practices of Smuggling certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and »n this Kingdom, and for indemnifying Persons who Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies-, and for have been guilty of Offences against the Laws of the continuing, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Customs and Excise, upon the Terms therein mentioned.

Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing " certain Regulations for the better Management of " the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in " India as in Europe," as will expire in the o

the present Year: And the same was received Collrfe of the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 28th Day ,of this Instant May.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And

Flchards cured for home Coaiumptiocu

Laws telling to

Tniuportation

Chisledoti

and

Hodson

lodofure.

Framework

Knitters*

Wages.

19 Geo. III. ai* MaiL 415

Veneris, 21 9 dMaii\

Anno 19* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1779.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for taking off the Duty upon all Salt used in the curing of Pilchards, and laying a proportionable Duty upon all Pilchards consumed at Home only, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raking off the Duty upon all Salt used in the curing of Pilchards, and laying a proportionable Duty upon all Pilchards consumed at Home only.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being, relating to the Transportation, and the Imprisonment, of certain Offenders, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment, of certain Offenders.

Ordered, That Sir Charles do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, Meadows, and Waste Lands; within the Parish of Chijledon, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Chifledon, io the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to regulate the Business of Framework Knitting, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses. therein be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, } *4-

Teller, for the

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Robert Smith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Manufacturing Hosiers of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, which was presented to the House upon the 13th Day of this Instant might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be beard, by Vou 37.

themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That' it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all base Voices, who come to the

Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Encotfrage-the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy c'1" of

and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy: And that n‘

the Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Renton, and Mr, Stephens, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Beauchamp prdented to the House, ac- Vexatious cording to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, Arrtft*. made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent frivolous and " vexatious ArrestsAnd the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the BUI for Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectually preventing the pernicious Prac- mu2fc in8* ticcs of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws of the Customs and Excise, upon the Terms therein mentioned, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House ?' and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments/were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to teveral of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for marking Foreign Thread Lace imported. 1

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks) which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be. made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for taking off the Marks on Foreign Thread Lace when exported.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks) which being filled up, the -said Clause was, upon the>

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, impowering the Officers of the Customs to seize Foreign.

Thread Lace not so marked.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill;

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,-for inflicting Penalties on Persons counterfeiting the Mark.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank t which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That no Person prosecuted, or punished, by this Act shall be liable to be prosecuted, or punished, under any other Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

for

4r6 *r Mail A. 1779,

for punishing Officers of the Customs and Excise for Neglect of Duty.

- And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being tilled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting certain Tow Boats, within the Port of Bristol.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring; that the Act shall not extend to Foreign Spirituous Liquors, shipped on board His Majesty’s Ships, for the Use of such Ships, or Troops.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Montagu:

Traftees Mr. Speaker,

DaUton’s The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing new Trustees in the Place of those deceased, for Sale of so much of the Estates, late of Sir William Dalftmt, Knight, as will be sufficient for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies by his Will charged thereon: And also,

Sfutr Hill The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act, to for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed Cmnbt in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Roa^* Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of through

Googes Lane, Corsham, , and West Tat ton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper , in the Parish of Castle Combe, in the county of ; without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to °InT indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify them-Emptoymmu. selves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; without any Amendment: And also,

Sewell’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Divorce, dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Bailey Heath

Esquire, with the Right honourable Lady Elizabeth Birminghamt, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Adjournment Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the

House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning next.

4 - ,

Supplyi Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into l Committee of the whole House, ‘4

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.’

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di- '

rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Suppb.B'lls the Report from the Committee of the whole House, oa jiLyfe*. to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on all inhabited Houses, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon all inhabited Houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said Act; and also for amending so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as imposes a Duty upon all Servants, retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Upon Wednesday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- WW*nd mons, or Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the

Manor or Lordship of Morland, in the Parish of Mor-land, in the County of Westmoreland, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 21. 1. 18. To leave out from " the" to " Charges" in 1. 32.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Morland, in the Parish of Morland, in the County of Westmoreland.

Ordered, That Sir James Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Punishmtm last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to con- T„nf"rl>tion> " tinue an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorize, for " a limited Time, the Punishment by Hard Labour of Offenders, who, for certain Crimes, are or Hull " become liable to be transported to any of His Ma- jetty’s Colonies and Plantations," might be read.

And the same bting read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, the said

:1b

rt

\Uf.

i9GEaIII. 2i* — »i

feid Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And that Sir Ckarles Bunbury, We. Eden, Sir William , and Mr. Brett, <(o

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vote* at The Order of the Day being read, for taking into County further Contidemtion the Report from the Committee *e ons* of the whole House, to whom the Bill to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Confide ration upon this Day Three Months.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an prohibited Account of the Exports from Great Britain, fine* Efrom'S Christmas 1762, of all the Articles prohibited to be ex-ltd wd. ported from Ireland, particularly Cottons plain, mixed, and Rained, Checques and Rained Linen, Shoes and Leather of all Sorts, Hats, narrow and mixed Woollen, Broad Cloths white and dyed, Stockings, and Glass t diRinguishing the Countries to which the feme have been exported.

Occasional Ordered That the Bill to explain, amend, and render Freemen, more efl'eftual, an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " prevent occasional Freemen from voting at Elections " of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and " Boroughs," be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Fuoi&imeat Mr. Brett presented to the House, according to Order, by a Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, Trtafjmnauon, ^6^ made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to authorize, " for a limited Time, the Punishment by Hard Labour " of Olfefidars, w ho for certain Crimes are, or Riall be-w " come, liable to be transported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Kejolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Kejolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Sir Charles Bunbury, Se: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

>Q Mail. 417

Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

~Mt.' Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom Sle»gill the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Wastes hclofur*. and Commons, lying in the Manor of Sleagi/l, in the County of Westmoreland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Or* ders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that die Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfeftion of the Committee (except Three Ferlons having Right of Common in the said Wastes and Commons, whose Property is assessed to the Poors Rates, at £.15 per Annum; and that the whole Property, having Right of Common upon the said Wastes and Commons intended to be divided and inclosed, is assessed to the Poors Rates, at £, 400 per Annum, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tfic Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly;

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Manner of riding the Boundaries of the Manor.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to -be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Militia The House resolved itself into a Committee of the ** whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in befog, relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Yonge took the Chair of the Committee. , F Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report fee now received.

Sir George Yonge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Sevennight, the 31st Day of this Infbtnt May.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

V*. 37.

7t!>" h i- ,1 1 — 1 v: 1 ? r*rm m r v..u ji

Mercurii>26* die Matt;

Anno 19* Georgii III. U. Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

ABI L L to explajn apd amend an Act, made in V«xatk>a» thp Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George Arreih., the First, intituled, An Act to prevent'frivolous and " vexatious Arrests," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bijl bp committed to the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Solicitor General, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoop, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Ah ingrossed Bill for reviving and continuing an Act, i*dUw made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his |«A late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Impair, several Roads leading from the Market House, ana elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlowin the County of of Salop, was read the Third Time.

flefolved, That the Bill do pafr: And that the Title be. An Act for reviving and continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act, made in the

£ O Twenty-

Duke of Newcastle*s Estates in Llkefley.

Sraly’s

Divorce.

Sewell’s

Divorce.

Punishment

bf

TransporUtion,

&C.

418 16* Matt. 1779.

Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, for amending, Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading the Bill for enlarging the Times appointed for the First. wn„lide,|w

from the Market House, and elsewhere, in the Town Meetings of Commissioners, or Trusttes, for putting certain Act*,

of Ludlow, in the County of Salop; and for amend- in Execution certain Acts of this Sefli- n of Parliament, ing and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the- was committed; That the Committee had gone through Turnpike or Side Gate, in the Parish of Afford Boivd- the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; ler, to the Turnpike Road on the Cite Hilly in the said which they had directed him to report to the House y County* and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry, the delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once

read throughout; and then a Second Time,- One by Mr. Staunton prefen ted to the House, according to One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Order, a Bill to confirm and establish the Division and were agreed to by the House.

Allotment of Two Open Commons, or Forests, within Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Parish of Elkejley, in the County of Nottingham; ingrossed. and for exonerating the Lands within the said Parish

from the Payment of Tithes: And the same was re- . An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Grimflon ceived; and read the First Time. the Whole Year Lands and Breeks, Common Fields, Intlofur*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Half Year Lands and Heaths, and Commons, and

Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Grimfion, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third to difloive the Marriage of Henry Sealy with Ann Wood- Time.

rosse, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Second Time. Whole Year Lands and Breeks, Common Fields, Half

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Year Lands and Heaths, and Commons, and Common-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee able and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in

of the whole House. the County of Norfolk.

Resolved, That this House will, upon To-Morrow Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to Sevennight, the 3d Day of June next, resolve itself into the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Darfingham mil tee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit- the several Whole Year Lands (except certain Lands, Indolure. nesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear called Darfuigham the sole Property of Dixon

Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill; Hoste, Esquire, and the fmpropriator’s Glebe) Common if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Coun- Fields, Half Year Lands, Shack Meadows, and Heaths, fel, or produce Witnesses. and other Commons, Waste, and Commonable Lands,

within the Parish of Darfingham, otherwise An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time. t,o. difloive the Marriage of ’Thomas Bailey Heath Sewell, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Esquire, with the Right honourable Lady Elizabeth, be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Birmingham, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry several Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was Lands, Shack Meadows, and Heaths, and other Corn-read a Second Time. mons, Waste, and Commonable Lands, within the Pa-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. rish of Darfingham, otherwise in the County

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of Norfolk. of the whole House. Ordered, That Mr, Hungerford do carry the Bill to

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. , 1

Sevennight, the 3d Day of June next, resolve itself

into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said A Petition of the Framework Knitters in the Town Framework Bill. of Towcester, and other Places adjacent, in the County Knitter*’

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; mittee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit- Setting forth, That the Petitioners were induced, by the nesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Persuasions of artful designing Men (who, under Pre-Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill; tence of promoting the Interest of the Petitioners, con-, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Coun- fulted only their own) to concur with others in signing fel, or produce Witnesses. ' a Petition to the House, without due Consideration of

. , the Nature thereof; and that the Petitioners are fully

Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, to whom sensible, on further Deliberation, that the Bill now de-t^ie Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, pending in Parliament in Consequence of such Petition, an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of instead of affording Relief to the Petitioners, or having His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to authorize, any salutary Effect, as they were taught to believe, will for a limited Time, the JPunishment by Hard Labour bedestructive to the Manufacture, and ruinous to themof Offenders, who for certain Crimes are, or shall, selves and Families: And therefore praying. That the " become, liable to be transported to any of His Ma- said Bill may not pass intq a Law.

" jesty’s Colonies and Plantations," was committed; , Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and until the Report be received from the Committee, to riade an Amendment thereunto; which they had di- whom the Bill to regulate the Business of Framework-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Knitting, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses therein, -Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, is committed.

With the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment'was Twice read; and, upon the Quefe The House, according to Order, resolved iticlf into ©Mart’* tion put- thereupon, agreed to by the House. a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be Petition of James late of Liverpool, Merchant,

ingrossed. . Francis Gildart, of the same Place, Gentleman, Thomas

Gildart, „

‘ia 4'/

iwfll

Vi*

19 Geo. III. 2d0 iJ&«.

419

Gi/dart, of London, Merchant, Samuel Distil-

ler, George Sweeting, and JoA* , all of Liverpool

aforesaid, together with Two Certificates thereunto annexed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Salusbury Brereton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Salujbury Brereton reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please io receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Salusbury Brereton accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treal’ury, to compound a Debt due to the Crown from James Gildatt, and his Sureties, and for veiling the Estates of the said James Gi/dart in Francis Gi/dart and Thomas Gi/dart; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And Mr. Salusbury Brereton moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty s Treasury, to compound a Debt due to the Crown from James Gi/dart, and his Sureties, and for veiling the Estates of the said James Gi/dart in Francis Gildart and Thomas Gi/dart j and f*r other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Salusbury Brereton and Mr. Gascoyne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Rnhovalof Sir Thomas Clavering, according to Order, reported Lime, &c. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ^thout gjj tQ pgfjufr the Removal of Lime, and other Arti- ' cles necessary for the Improvement of Land, without Cocquet or Bond, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossfed.

Encouragement The Lord Mulgrave presented to the House, accord-0/ Seamen, ingto Order, a Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said’ Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

|„pplr, Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty^ the Resolutions which the--Committee had directed him to report to the House } which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read} and arc as follow,-seth; viz.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand One hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Island of Saint in America, and other incidental Expences attending the feme, from the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine to the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand "Nine frun-

Vol. 37.

dred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Sevenfy-eight to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Ella! >li foment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of East , and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Nine hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of West Florida, and otherinciden- ' tal Expences attending the fame, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand and Forty-one Pounds and Five Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences attending General Surveys ot His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Spencer Stanhope do carry to the Lords the ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Moors, and Waile Grounds, within the Manor or Lord ship of Morlaitd, in the Parish of Mor-land, in the County of Westmoreland, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordfoips thereto.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " authorize, for a limited Time, the Punishment by " Hard Labour of Offenders, who, for certain Crimes, " are or foall become liable to be transported to any of " His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing, for a lipiited Time, an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorize, for

a limited Time, the Punishment by Hard Labour of " Offenders, who, for certain Crimes, are or shall be- come liable to be transported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations."

Ordered, That Mr. Brett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies ififued at thfc Receipt; of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, -to be applied and paid for the Relief and Benefit of fun-dry American Civil Officers alid others, who have fuf-

M&rland

Indoture.

Punishment

by

Transportation,

&c.

Sappljr.

4*0 if?Mail. J. I’j’jQ.

fered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government, between ioth February 1778 and the 28th February 1779, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon the 12th Day of this Instant May, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of James Berkenkout, of Great

Street, in the County of , Gentleman, in Behalf of himself, and of ’Thomas of the Town of

Leeds, in the County of r. Dyer, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord rook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Cham Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had dire died him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Mclfage from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Hett: Mr. Speaker,

DistiHm, The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act ttc. for more effectually preventing Frauds by private Distillers, and for the better securing the Duties on Low -Wines and Spirits; without any Amendment: And also,

Evenly The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Field, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Evenly, otherwise Bury Manor, in the County of Northampton-, without any Amendment: And also, Award The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for b*Lord* confirming and eanying into Execution an Award, touch-Beaulieu ing certain Questions and Disputes between the Right and other*, honourable Edward Lord Beaulieu and lfabella Lady Beaulieu his Wife, and the Most noble George Duke of Montagu, Henry Duke of Buccleugk and Elizabeth Duchess of Buccleugh his Wife, and the Right honourable Charles William, Elded Son of the said Duke and Duchess of Buccleugh, commonly called Earl of Dalkeith; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Way* The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a and Mean*, Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising a Supply granted to His Majesty,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.'

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive th? lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee Df the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Moans for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

£Aie*n A Petition of the Committoo of the Company of

Company. T

Merchants trading t# Africa, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Money granted in the Year 1777, examined and passed by the Cursitor Baron of tlxe Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and improving the Trade to and that they have inverted tire Money granted in x778, for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements on the said Coasts; and that the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast having been delivered to the Petitioners in a very bad State by the Royal African Company, several of them still remain in a very ruinous Condition; and that the Petitioners have not received any Books of Accounts from Africa of a later Date than the 31st of December 1776, owing, as they apprehend, to the Sloop of War by which their Dispat, ches were lent being detained in the West Indies, and that, by the said Books, there appeared to be due to the Officers and Servants a Debt of £.24,694. 14J. jr Coast Money; and that the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum to them shall feero meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. . ' -

Resolved, Nemine Contradiceute, That an humble Ad- Addrefq

dress be presented to His Majesty, to desire that His Sut«oi Majesty will be graciously pleased to take into His most I*1*®!-serious Consideration the distressed and impoverished State of the loyal and well-deserving People of Ireland, and to direct that there be prepared and laid before this House such Particulars, relative to the Trade and Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland, as may enable the National Wisdom to pursue effectual Methods for promoting the common Strength, Wealth, and Commerce, of His Majesty’s Subjects in both Kingdoms.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

_ An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act A want for confirming and carrying into Execution an Award between touching certain Questions and Disputes between the Right honourable Edward Lord Beaulieu and lfabella otl|et1 Laidy Beaulieu his Wife, and the Most noble George Duke of Montagu, Henry Duke oi Bucclfugh and Elizabeth Duchess of Buccleugh his Wife, and the Right honourable Charles William, eldest Son of the said Duke and Duchess of Buccleugh, comrooply called Earl of Dalkeith, was read the First Time*' 1: Resolved, That the Bill be read a, Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for altering,' amending, and en- Aiu'Howprs’ forcing, so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth licences. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for gmnting to His Majesty certain Duties " on licences to be taken out by all Persons acting as *4 Auctioneers, and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods, and other Things, sold by Ayftion, and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, u and other Instruments," as relates to the Method of granting Licences to Auctioneers, and to the collecting the Duties on Estates and 'Goods sold by Auction, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were feYerally prgposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1 $.

ip Geo. III. 0.6 — 27° Mali. . 421

Pr. 15.1. 31. To leave out from " any" to " put" in 1. 39, and insert " Estate, Goods, " or Effects" instead thereof And the said Amendments were, upon the Question sevenlly put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill Jo pass: And that the Title be. An Act for altering, amending, and enforcing, so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " lor granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Li- cer.ves to be taken out by all Persons acting as " Audioneers, and certain Rates and Duties on all " Lands, Houses, Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction, and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds and other Instruments," as relates to the Method of granti :ig Licences to Audioneers, and to the collecting the Duties on Estates and Goods sold by Auction.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

last India Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

BondDebts Account °‘ l*'e Bond Debts of the India Company in England, from the Year 1761 to the Year 1778; distinguishing each Year, and how and in what Manner the laine have been paid off and discharged.

So I Bill* ^"‘ie ot‘ier Order of the Day being read;

Duties ’ Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

on Houses. the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on all inhabited Houses, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon all inhabited House:, in Great Britain, and for amending the said Act; and also for amending so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-jffty, as imposes a Duty upon all Servants, retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned, was committed, be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jcvis, 2j° die Maii\

Anno 19* Georgii IIP'* Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

m ( A N for enlarging the Times appointed

Commoner* for the Firil Meetings of Commissioners, or Trui-under tees, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Sef* certain Afi*. £on of Parliament, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the Meetings of Commissioners, or Trustees, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Pouletl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Occasional Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the City Freemen. of Gloucester, and County of the same City, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Occasional Freemen from vot ing at Fled ions of Members to serve in Parliament lor Cities and Boroughs;" and also, that a Pet ition hath been presented from lbrne of the Citizens and Burge lies of the City of Gloucester, taking Notice of the said Bill, and complaining (chough very unjustly) VoL. 37.

of the ill Effects of the Power of making Honorary Freemen, vested in the Petitioners, and charging them with exercising that Power for the direct Purpose of acquiring a superior Interest at Elections, to the Prejudice of the Citizens, and in Violation of the Righc of Election; and that the Petitioners, finding themselves much injured by so unjust a Charge, beg Leave to repel the fame, and to allure the House, that, for ' upwards of Fifty Years pall, no Honorary Freemen have been made of the said City for the Occasional Purposes of Election, though many Election Contests have happened during that Time; but the Petitioners apprehending that a Right of cleding Freemen being vested in them by Charter, they admit, that the Mayor' of the said City hath, Annually, at going out of his.

Office, proposed Two or Three Persons at moll to be made Freemen, who have been eieded, and many Times rejected if not thought proper and independent Persons, and many of such Persons have ftnee borne and served the moll expensive and burthensome Offices of the said City; the Petitioners, therefore, hope, they shall not be deprived of any Benefit arising under their Charter, unless it shall appear to the House, that their Power is or shall be abuied, of which the House will be ever the most competent Judges: And therefore praying, that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or otherwise that they may be excepted out of the said Act, with the Cities of London and Norwich.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the principal Manufacturing Hosiers Framework in the City of London, and the several Towns and Knitters’ Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, and Derby, whose Wages-Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to regulate the Business of Framework Knitting, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses therein; and Setting forth, That moll of the Clauses and Provisions of the said Bill will materially affect the Petitioners and others concerned in the Framework Knitting Manufactory, and prove very injurious and detrimental to them and the Public in general: And therefore praying, That the said Bill, as it now Hands, may not pass into a Law, but that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the fame, or such Parts thereof as will affect and injure the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed j and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition if they think fit.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pe/ys, and Mr.

Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St Trinity for the better providing of a Maintenance for the yicar ^-thes^^ of the Parish of The Trinity, in the City of Coventry; J without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^.Miehaers for establishing certain Payments to be made to the ' TythcsJ Vicar of the Parish of Saint Michael, in the City of Coventry, for the Time being, in lieu of Tithes, and for repealing so much of an Act of the Fourth and Fifth of Philip and Mary, as relates to the Payment of Tithes in the said Parish; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act j$one Lnce to prevent Abuses in the Payment of Wages to Per- Manufactory, fons employed in the Bone and Thread Lace Manufactory; without any Amendment: And also,

5 P The

Corfliani

Roads.

Accounts; Trade with America;

and Duties on Coals, &c.

Gildart’s Debt to the Crown.

Supply.

422 27°

The Lords have agreed to the BiH, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Cross Keys, otherwise , in the Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton

Bridge, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Bounties paid or payable on Goods exported from England to North from

Chrijhnas 1761 to Christmas 1777; distinguishing each Year, and the particular Goods for which such Bounties were paid or payable: And also,

An Account of the Bounties paid, out of the Revenue of the Customs, on Goods imported from North America, from Christmas 1761 to Chrijhnas 1777* dif-

tinguishing each Year, and the particular Goods for which such Bounties were paid: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Coals and Cinders discharged Coafhvays, and paying Duties at the different Ports of Great Britain, exclusive of the Port of London, for Two Years preceding Ch 1777 > distinguislting each Year, and the Ports front which they were discharged.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Gascoyne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to compound a Debt due to the Crown from James Gildart and his Sureties, and for vesting the Estates of the said James Gildart in Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty thousand Five hundred and Twenty-seven Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of fun-, dry American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered*on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty to be paid to James Berken-hout, Esquire, and Thomas Clark, of the Town of Leeds, Dyer, upon a proper Difvovery to be made by them, for the Use of the Public, of their Method of dying Scarlet and Crinifon, as well as other Colours, on Linen and Cotton.

The laid Resolutions'being severally read a Second Ttnie, were, upon the Quetlion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Iloufe.

>5

Maii. . 1779.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Stamp Duty of Twenty Shillings be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Probate of a Will, or Letters of Administration, for any Estate, of or above the Value of One hundred Pounds, shall be ingrafted, written, or printed, and a further additional Duty of Twenty Shillings where the Estate is of or above the Value of Three hundred Pounds, over and above all other Duties now charged thereon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Stamp Duty of one Penny be paid for every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which is ingrossed or written the Copy of any Will.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Stamp Duty of Six Pence be paid for every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which is ingrossed or written any Libel, Alligation, Deposition, or Inventory, exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court, the Courts of Admiralty, and Cinque Ports, and Copies thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Stamp Duty of Five Shillings be laid upon every Piece of Vellum, cr Parchment, upon which any Writ of Covenant for levying Fines shall be ingrossed or written.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Stamp Duty of Five Shillings be laid upon every Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, upon which any Writ of Entry for suffering a Common Recovery shall be ingrossed or written.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Stamp Duty of Five Shillings be paid for every Skin of Vellum, or Parchment, upon which is ingrossed or written any Exemplification, of what Nature soever, that shall pass the Seal of any Court what foe ver.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Stamp Duty of Forty Shillings be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Presentation or Donation which shall pass the Great Seal, or upon which any Collation to be made by any Archbishop, or other Bishop, or any Presentation or Donation to be made by any Patron whatsoever, of or to any Benefice, Dignity, or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion whatsoever, shall be ingrossed or written, provided such Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion, shall be of the Yearly Value of Ten Pounds, or above, in the King’s Books.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Stamp Duty of Forty Shillings be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Dispensation to hold Two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or both a Dignity and a Benefice, or any other Dispensation or Faculty, from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Master of the Faculties for the Time being, shall be ingrossed or written.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Additional Stamp Duty of Eight Pence be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Certificate or Debenture, for drawing back any Customs or Duties, or any

Part

Ways and Means.

Encouragement of Seamen.

American

Affairs,

Address; State of Ireland.

19 Geo. III.

27 — 280 Mali.

423

Part of any Customs or Duties, for or in respect of the re-shipping or exporting of any Goods or Merchandizes, which shall be exported, or shipped to be exported, from Great Britain for any Parts beyond the Seas.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Stamp Duty of Four Pence be laid upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Note or Bill of Lading, which shall be signed for any Goods or Merchandizes to be exported.

The said Kesolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the L.ord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, the Lord , the Lord Pa/merston, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were pretented to the House by Mr. De Grey, upon the lgth Day of March last, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, That they had examined icveral other Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day (except the Right honourable the Earl of Balcarras, and Captain Money of the Ninth Regiment) do attend the said Committee upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Lord H/nc king brook reported to the House, That their address of Yesterday (to desire that His Majesty would be graciously pleated to take into His most feri-ous Consideration the distressed and impoverished State of the loyal and w'ell-deserving People of Ireland, and to direct that there be prepared and laid before this House such Particulars, relative to the Trade and Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland, as may enable the National Wisdom to pursue effectual Methods for promoting the common Strength, Wealth, and Commerce, of His Majesty’s Subjects in both Kingdoms) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Tei of the Clock.

Vol. 37.

Veneris 28® Maii;

Anno 19* Georgii III. U Regis, 1779.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill to permit the Removal of Lime, Removal and other Articles necessary for the Improvement of Lime, Sec. of Land, without Cocquet or Bond, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to permit the Removal of Lime, and other Articles necessary for the Improvement of Land, without Cocquet or Bond.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, anti desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectually preventing BP1 for the pernicious Practices of Smuggling in this Kingdom, Prevrn'n£ and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of lD®‘ Offences against the Laws of the Customs and Excise, upon the Terms therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for marking of Lace already imported, and in the Hands of Dealers.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of ltyJer.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 12. After " thereof’ to insert " from " any Part of ."

Pr. 3. 1. 5. After " Vessel" to insert " if coming or arriving from any Part " of Europe."

Pr. 26. 1. 25. To leave out from " been" to

" shall" in Line 28, and insert " marked or sealed pursuant to " the Directions of this ACt" instead thereof.

Pr. 27. 1. 10. To leave out from " And" to

" Be" in Line 24.

1. 26, YTo leave out " 25th Day of De-27, f " cember 1770," and insert " lft

and t " Day of February 1780," in-

28.} dead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rsfolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectually preventing the pernicious Practices of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws of the Customs and Excise, upon the Terms therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Fife

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Fife, in the room of James Townshend Oswald, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Auditor of His Majesty’s Exchequer in Scotland.

Sir Herbert Mackworth reported from the Committee, Regulation to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of Prisons, p and Houses of Correction, within the Kingdom of n0DS' c" England and Dominion of Wales, was committed;

That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

made

424-

28° Maii'.: A. 1779;

made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to’ the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Tower Hamlets Small Debts, &e.

River Lee. Navigation.

TilcharJs cured for home Confuiiijition.

Supply Bill Toll Horses.

Duties on

Cotton Wool.

Punishment

by

TransjVHtation

&C.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

licit:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act.

for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preserving the Navigation of the River in the Counties of Hertford, Essex , and; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking off" the Duty upon all Salt used in the curing of Pilchards, and laying a proportionable Duty upon all Pilchards consumedat Home only; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons letting Horses to Hire for travelling, in the Manner therein mentioned; and certain Duties on all Horles let to Hire for the Purposes of travelling Port, and by Time, and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for discontinuing the Duties on Cotton Wool, the Growth and Product of the Colonies or Plantations in America, exported from this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to authorize, for a limited Time, the Punishment by Hard Labour of " Offenders, who, for certain Crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of His Majesty’s " Colonies and Plantations;" without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Encourage- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House mer.t of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Seamen, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and th.e more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they liad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Supply Hill; Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Dumcs Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for on Houses, repealing the Duties on all inhabited Houses, imposed by an Act made in the hit Session of Parliament; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon all inhabited Houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said Act; and also for amending so much of an Act,

made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as imposes a Duty upon all Servants, retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring what shall be deemed inhabited Houses.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for excepting certain Warehouses from being charged by the Act. j

And the said Clause was Twice read. 1

The Amendments following were proposed to be j

made to the said Clause; viz.. i

To leave out the Word " tolely," and after " Lodging" to insert the Wore’s " or vending by Wholesale."

And the Question being put, That the Word " solely" stand Part of the said CLute;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Or^’ j 74-

Te,ers for.heNcer>{^^-"^}J9.

So it was refoived in the Affirmative.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Persons having a Shop or Warehouse from paying more than 9 d.in the Pound for Houses of ,£.40 per Annum, or upwards.

And the said Clause was read the First Time, with Blanks.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause !

be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j j

Tellers for the Noes, j ufmUwm }

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that no Land lhafi be added, to enhance the Value of the House, unless the House, without the Land, is valued at £. $. per Annum.

And the said Clause was read the First Time, with a Blank.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Toilers for ,he Yeas,! ~

Tellers for the N°«.| Mr "s’Sffi} 74-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with tire Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Bill for continuing in the Possession of the pd'i United Company of Merchants of England trading to Company.

the

19 Geo. III. 28* — -31 0 Mail.425

the East Indies, for a Time to be limited, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and for continuing, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled," An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of t he Affairs of " the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe," as will expire in the Course of the present Year, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this Iioule will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. '

Vexatious The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, ArrstU. to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King the

First, intituled, "An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests," was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingn.l-d.

Occifional The Bill to explain, amend, and render more effec-hccit.en. an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent " occasional Freemen from voting at Elections of " Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and u Boroughs," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Refalvcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coke of Derby, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

His Majesty.

Wav* Resolved> That this House will, upon Monday Morn-and.Mun*. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna,31° die Mali;

Anno 190 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

S\RDERED, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1779, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surplusses, ExcelTes, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Act-count of such Monies as remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of 1779? subject to the Disposition of Parliament, exclusive of the Surplus Monies then remaining of the Sinking Fund.

A Bill to confirm and establish the Division and Allotment of Two Open Commons, or Forests, within the Parish of Elkejley, in the County of Nottingham, and for exonerating the Lands within the said Parish from the Payment of Tithes, tvas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ambler, Mr. Mellish,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the . Speaker’s Chamber.

The House bein£ informed that Mr. Hughfon, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1779, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon: And also.

An Account of such Monies as remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1779, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, exclusive of the Surplus Monies then remaining of the Sinking Fund.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts arc as followeth; viz.

Account; Money at the Disposal of Parliament.

Ditto.

Duke of Newcastle’s Estatet in

Elkefley.

Account*;

Money at the Disposal of Parliament.

Vol. 37.

5 Q

To

416-

31® Mail.

A- 177p.

" ' /

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Money remaining in the-Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1779, for the Dif- of Parliament of the Surplusses, Excesscs, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon*

The Money remaining in the Exchequer, of the Sinking Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, on the 5th Day ot April 1779, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, amounts to the Sum of Seventy-one thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpenny.

Exchequer, the 31st Day of May 1779.

John Hughfon.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of such Monies as remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Da

1779, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, exclusive of the Surplus Monies then remaining of the-S in king Fund.

V

Duty on Sugars, since 29th September 1764

Duty on Melasses, tec. since ift November 1766

Subsidy on Rice exported, which was imported Duty-free

Duty on Cam bricks, tec. since ill ugitjl 1766

Duty on Apples imported -

Duty on Paper, Glais, tec. since 20th November 1767

£ d.

m mm 1,556 5 9

100 19 6

55* 7 1*

4922 4

" " 4 14 —

m m 57 1* 3

£ 2,763 1 —

Exchequer, the 31st Day of May 1779.

John Hughfon.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Cambridge Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the University of Cambridge, in the room of the Right honourable Charier Manners, commonly called Marquis of Granby, now Dtike of , called up to

the House of Peers.

Gildart'* A Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s

to'he Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from

Crown,

James Gildart and his Sureties, and for veiling th*

Estates of the said James Gildart in Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning ifcxt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Housekeepers and Free- ymtjoM holders within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the Amft*, County of Middlesex, and the Hamlets and Liberties of the fame, whole Names are thereunto subscribed.

Wit

WxUlous

Arrcits.

Ditto.

19 Geo. III. 31°

427

was presented to the House, and read4 Setting forth, That the Petitio ners have heard there is a Bill depending in Parliament to prevent Arrests under the Sum of Ten Pounds, which they conceive will entirety destroy all Credit to the lower Order of People; and that the Petitioners can at pre:ent recover their Debts to the Amount of Five Pounds in the interior Courts with great certainty at a small Expence; and they believe the Intent of the said Bill is to carry all Actions for very small Sums into the Courts of ,where

tl'.e Parries mutt of Courst be ruined, on Account of the very great Expence attending such Suits j and that by Action by Original in the Court of King’s Bench, the Cells, merely upon the Arrest for the Recovery of t!;e Sum of Ten Pounds, hath arilen to nearly Four Pounds; and that the Petitioners fear, from the Lot's the Stamp Duties will fuilain, should the said Bill pals into a Law, that it will be necessary for Parliament to lay an additional Tax upon the People: And therefore praying, That the said Rill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of Ann King, of Lczvlayton, in the County of Essex, YViuow of John K :g, Esquire, deceased. Pa-

tentee of the King’s Court o? Record within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of -

sex, and of the Hamlets and Liberties of the fame, and of the Steward, Proriionotary, Counsel, and Attornies, of the said Court, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner Ann King holds by Charter a Court of Record within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, for the Trial of all Personal Adrians to trie Amount of Ninety-nine Shillings, for which the Petitioner’s late Husband paid a very conllderable Sum of Money, and for which Ihe is Tated to the Land 1'ax; and that the Petitioner has enjoyed the same since the Death of her said Husband, and hath received (rom thence her principal Subsistence, and was IbmeTime since offered Four tiioufand Pounds for the Purchas'c of her said Freehold; and that the Petitioner has perused a Bill depending in Parliament, to explain and amend an Act of the Twelfth of George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests," which, if passed into a Law, will entirely destroy the Petitioner’s Freehold, and overturn her said Court, as Ihe is not authorized to try Caules to a greater Amount than Ninety-nine Shillings, and as the Defendants would, after Judgment, evade the Law’ by removing out of the jurisdiction, after putting their Plaintiffs in vain to a very considerable Expence; and that the Petitioner would thereby be totally deprived of a Subsistence, alter having in vain had that Confidence in the Laws of her Country, that Ihe could not be deprived of her Freehold without an adequate Consideration for the fame; and that the Petitioner, the Steward of the said Court, hath also a Freehold in his laid Office, and is rated to the Land Tax for the lame; and the Petitioners, the Counsel and Attornies of the said Court, purchased their said Offices, and would be totally deprived for the future of all Advantage from the same; and that the said Bill will operate as a Bill of Pains and Penalties upon the Petitioners unheard, and without any Accu-fationt being brought against them: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill’s passing into a Law.

A Petition of Edward MinifiBarrifter at Law, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, about the Month of November 17^7, purchased the Office of One of the Counsel of an inferior Court of Record held at Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, by virtue of a Charter of the late King Charles the Second, for holding Plea of Caules a*l;ng within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney; and that the Petitioner has been informed, that a Bill hath been bfought into the House, to amend an Act for preventing vexatious Arrests, which, if passed into a Law, Vci. 37.

will be very detrimental td him: And therefore praying,

That lie may be permitted to be heard, at the Bar of the House, by his Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of the Counsel and Attornies of the ancient Vexatious Court of the Marshalsea of the King’s Household, and Arrest*. of the Court of His Majesty’s Palace at WJJlwtinfier^ was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have Freeholds in their respective Offices of Counsel and Attornies of the said Courts, which they have purchased at great Prices, and for which they pay largely to the Land Tax, but to which no Salaries are annexed, so that their Emoluments a rift wholiy from the established and moderate Fees for Business done at the said Courts; and that it has been the censtant and immemorial Practice of the said Courts, to issue out Bailable Prorels for all Debts above Forty Shillings, and to lit regularly Once a Week for the Dil-patch of Business, from whence great Advantages have arilen to the Trading Inhabitants within its extensive and populous Jurisdiction, as well by the Facility with whic h they recover Satisfaction for their small Demands, as by the trifling Exper.ce of the whole Proceedings for that Purpose; but the Petitioners observe, by the Vores, that a Bill is depending, to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious " Arrests," and, by such Amendment, to reftiain Arrests in any inferior Court for any Sum under £.10; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Peri-, tioners have great Reason to apprehend it will be attended with many mischievous Consequences, and particularly that it will be of general Prejudice to the Trading Part of the People within the Circuit of Twelve Miles of His Majesty’s Royal Residence, of considerabf®

Decriment to that Part of the Public Revenue arising from the Stamp Duties, and of irreparable Injury to the Petitioners, by depriving them of the great eft Part, N if not the Whole, of the Profits of their respective Offices: And rheiefore praying, That thgy may be at Liberty, by themselves, or their Ceunlel, to offer Rea-lons it the Bar of the House against the passing of the said Bill, or that they may be relieved in respect thereof in lurh Manner as the House shall think fit.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, w An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests,* be read the Third Time; and such of the Petitioners as desire to be heard by themselves, of Counsel, are to be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Encoungwuat

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Com# fyne

mittee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of an River

Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Ma- Bridge, jesty’s Reign, for building a Temporary Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gatejkead, in the County of Durham; for

completing

428 3 i° MailJ* 1779.

Royal Assent to Bills.

completing the new Stone Bridge over the said River, and for making the Avenues to, and the Passage over, the lame, more commodious, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughoutand then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

A Message by Sir Francis Gentleman Usher

of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Am/ierjt, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons letting Horses to hire for Travelling, in the Manner therein mentioned; and certain Duties on all Horses let to hire for the Purposes of travelling Poll, and by Time, and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned:

An Act to explain so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the encouraging and increasing " of Shipping and Navigation," as relates to the Importation into this Kingdom, and other His Majesty’s Dominions, ol Goods and Commodities of the Growth or Production of Africa, Asia, or America, which are manufactured in Foreign Parts; for preventing Mailers cf Ships removing their Vessels out of the Stream, ex* ccpt to the lawful Quays in the Port of London, before the Goods are discharged, or their Vessels are cleared, by the proper Officers, Inwards or Outwards; and for allowing the Officers of the Customs and Excise to make Ule of Lights on board Ships in the Haven, Dock, or Baffin, at the Port of Kingston upon

An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds by private Distillers, and for the better securing the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits:

An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to authorize,

" for a limited Time, the Punishment by Hard Labour " of Offenders, who, for certain Crimes, are or shall " become liable to be transported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations: "

An Act for taking off the Duty upon all Salt used

in the curing of Pilchards and laying a proportionable Duty upon all Pilchards consumed at Home only:

An Act for discontinuing the Duties on Cotton-Wool, the Growth and Product of the Colonies or

Plantations in America, exported from this Kingdom: An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify them lei ves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been emitted to he stumped according to Law, or having been Ramped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Tim* to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors:

An Act to prevent Abuffis in the Payment of Wages to Persons employed in the Bone and Thread Lace Manufactory:

An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets:

An Act for preserving the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, and M:d-

d/efex:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for amending, widening, anti keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turn:;ike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish o through Googes Lane, Corsham and I if

Yatton, to the Turnpike lload at Upper Combe, in the Purish of Castle Combe, in the County of 'Wills:

An Act for continuing the Term of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, lor amending widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Brickers Barn, in the Parish of Corsham, in the county of ; to

Bath Easton Bridge, in the County of Samerfet:

An Act for amending the Road from the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at Stone, and a.ffi the Roads to and near Berkeley, Durfley, Wotton under Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury, and several other Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilt:

An Act for establishing certain Payments to be made to the Vicar of the Parish of Michael, in the City of Coventry, for the Time being, in lieu of Tithes; and for repealing lb much of an Act of the Fourth and Fifth of Philip and Mary, as relates to the Payment of Tithes in the lhid Parish;

An Act for the better providing of a Maintenance for the Vicar of the Parish of The Trinity, in the City of Coventry:

An Act for appointing new Trustees, in the Place of those deceased, for Sale of so much of the Estates late of Sir William Da for, Knight, as will be sufficient for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies by his Will charged thereon:

An Act for enabling the Trustees, named in the Will of Richard Perfe/toivfe, late of Reynolds Hall, in the County of Stafford, Esquire, deceased, to borrow and take up at Interest, on Mortgage of the Freehold Estates late of the said Richard Perfehoivfany Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand Three hundred Pounds, to be applied in or towards the Purchase of the Copyhold Estates late of the said Richard Perfehoivfe:

An Act for vesting in Trustees the Timber and Woqd growing upon the Estate late belonging to Thomas Rous,

Esquire,

19 Geo. III. j

Esquire, deceased, in the County of in Trust,

! to sell the same, and apply the Monies arising the re-

from towards discharging certain Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for the other Purposes therein i mentioned:

An Act for Sale of the Estates of the late John Nitoll, of Bolton, in the County of York, Esquire, for Payment of his Debts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the . Manor and Township of Ectltfull, in the Parish of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Field, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within j the Manor and Parish of Evenly, otherwise Bury Manor,

I in the County of Northampton:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Francis Baron OJbome, of Kiveton, in the County o commonly called Marquis of Carmarthen, with Lady Amelia D' Arcy, Baroness Conyers, his now Wife > and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes (herein mentioned.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties on all in-Duriw habited Houses, imposed by an Act made in the last on Hooftj. Session of Parliament» and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon all inhabited Houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said ACt} and also for amending so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as imposes a Duty upon all Servants, retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that Houses having Shops shall be charged only at Two-thirds of the ! Assessment.

And the said Clause was read the First Time, with Blanks.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duties on all inhabited Houses, imposed by an Amade in the last Session of Parliament} and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon all inhabited Houses in Great , and for amending the said Act } and also for amending so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as imposes a Duty upon all Servants, retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Awv4 An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming, and carrying into Execution, an Awar"

| Beaulieu touching certain Questions and Disputes between the j and otben. Right honourable Edward Lord Beaulieu and

Lady Beaulieu his Wife, and the most noble George Duke of Montagu, Henry Duke of Buecleugh and Elizabeth Dutchess of Buecleugh his Wife, and the Right honourable Charles William, eldest Son of the said Duke and Dutchess of Buecleugh, commonly called Earl of Dalkeith, was read a Second Time. „

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powys, Mr. Strahan, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham*, ber.

° Mail. 429

fVoodroffie his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again , and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-,) night, resolve itself into the said Committee. J

Sewell's

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Divorce.

Wednesdaylaft, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Thursday next, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Bailey Heath Sewell,

Esquire, with the Right honourable Lady Elizabeth Birmingham, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again} and for other purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according Supply Bill} to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty several ad- SumpDutl*-ditional Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ean*‘ to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they bad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in being, relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly i

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (B), being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (B), the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time}

And Notice being taken, that Forty Members were not present} the House was told, by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock}

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Scaly's

Divorce.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Wednesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Thursday next, uixm the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Sealy with Ann Vot. 37.

5*

V

k.

430

i® Junii. A. 1779.

Martis, i* "Junii;

Anno 19* Georgii Iir"Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

fckflage rr^H£ Lor(j Northacquainted the House, That be the King; had a Message from His Majesty to this House, Extras of signed by His Majesty $ and he presented the same to *779* the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, rdying on the experienced Zeal and Affection of His faithful Commons, and considering that, in this critical Conjuncture, Emergencies may arise, which may be of the utmost Importance, and be attended with the most dangerous Consequences, if proper Means should not be immediately applied to prevent or defeat them, is desirous, that this House will enable Him to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, and to take all such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

G. R.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty’s said most Gracious Message into Consideration.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

Grimston The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inclosure. for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands and Breeks, Common Fields, Half Year Lands and Heaths, and Commons, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of , in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

Darfingham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inclosure. fa dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Whole

Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Shack Meadows and Heaths, and other Commons, Waste and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of , otherwise Dtrftngbam, in the County of ;with-

out any Amendment: And also,

Morland The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inclosure. fa dividing and inclosing the Commons or Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Morland, in the Parish of ,in the County of

Westmoreland; without any Amendment: And also, Chifledon The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Utiofun Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Chifledon, in the County of Wilts without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Account; The House being informed that Mr. Se-

East India cretary to the United Company of Merchants of Sand Debra. jan(g tratjing to t|je attended at the Door;

he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Bond Debts of the East India Company in England, from the Year 1761 to the Year 1778; distinguishing each Year, and how and in what Manner the same have been paid off and discharged.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. DUkenfon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, or Tract of Commonable Land, called or known by the Name of Stone Allerton Moor, in the Hamlet or Vill of Stone Allerton, in the County of , was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the (landing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, who is Owner of One Common Right; and that the whole Number of Common Rights consist of 15 indisputable Rights, and disputed Rights, called Church Land Rights; and that the Parties, except as before excepted, had also consented to the leaving out Four of the Commissioners named in the said Bill, and inserting Two others in their Stead i and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered’, that the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon- the said Bill.

A Petition of John Mors Ellis, Esquire, One of the Four Counsel of the ancient Court of the Marshalsea, and of the Palace Court, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner purchased his said Office for a considerable Sum of Money, and has a Freehold in his Office, which is highly rated to the Land Tax, inso much that the Petitioner has paid thereto almost the Fifth Part of his Annual Fees; and for his said Freehold is intituled to a Vote for Represen-tatives in Parliament for the County of Surrey -, and that the Petitioner has peruled a Bill depending in the House to explain and amend an Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests, which, if passed into a Law, will take from the Petitioner his laid Freehold; and that the Petitioner held his said Office with a Confidence in Parliament as an additional Security, because those Acts of Parliament, which diminished the Coun-fel’s Fees in the Petitioner’s Court, gave them a specific Satisfaction for the Injury received; and that, if the House shall determine it is for the Benefit of the Public that the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioner trusts they will not take his laid Freehold, or any Part thereof, from him, without giving him a Consideration for the fame, or making him Satisfaction to the Extent of the Injury received: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or Coun-fel, against the said Bill’s passing into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themllives, and others of the Counsel, Clerks of the Papers, Prothonorary, Clerklitters, and Attornies of the SherifPs Court of the ancient City of London, was also presented to

the

Stone

Allerton

Inclosure.

Supply B:ll StampDuiNf.

Vexatious

Arresti.

Ditto.

4

Coal* used in Anglesey

19 Geo. III. i°

the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by ancient and immemorial Wage, confirmed by various Charters of His Majesty's Predecessors, there have been held within the City of London Courts, called the Sheriff’s Courts, wherein the Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City may have their Causes determined, at a small Expence, by Juries of their Fellow Citizens, which Courts are held Four Days in the Week for that Purpose; and that it is the Practice of the said Courts to issue Bailable Processes in all Causes where the Demand is above Forty Shillings, from which easy and expeditious Mode of Trial great Advantages have arilen to the Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City, in the Recovering of Small Debts; and that the Petitioners hold Offices in the said Courts, which they have purchased for large Sums of Money, the Emoluments of which are uncertain, and arile wholly from the established Fees of the said Courts, the Petitioners having no Salaries; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, intituled, "An " Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests," and, by such Amendment, to restrain Arrests in any inferior Court for any Sum under £.; and the Petitioners are well convinced, that, if the said Bill should pass into a I.aw, it will subject the Trading Part of the City of London in general to many Delays and Inconveniences in the Recovery of Small Debts, as well as diminish the Credit indispensably necessary to great Numbers of the inferior Class of People, and will also occasion a grievous Loss to the Petitioners and others, by diminishing, if not annihilating, the long established and moderate Fees of their Offices: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as may appear just and reasonable, and that they may be heard, by themselves dr Counsel, against the said Bill, so far as the same may affect the Rights and Jurisdictions of the City of don, or the several Courts of Law therein established.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered. to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests," be read the Third Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Sir Herbert Mackworthreported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Dawes of Canonbury-House, in the County of , Esquire, on

Behalf ofhimself and others, Owners, Proprietors, and Lessees, of Copper and Lead Mines, in the Isle of glfey, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Williams being examined, said, That there are several considerable Mines of Copper and Lead in the Isle of Anglesey, the Ore of which is in general, near the

Surface; and that about Forty thousand Tons have been taken up within the last Two Years — That the Mines are cli(covered to a great Extent, and appear at present almost inexhaustible ;but that there is no Coal, or other Fuel, in the Ille, proper for the Purpose of ftnelting the Ores — That Coats brought into the Ille pay a Duty of Five Shillings -per Chaldron besides Custom-House Vol. 37.

Jump 431

Fees, which amount to near Two Shillings and Six Pence a Chaldron more, exclusive of Freight.

That no Ore is smelted in the Isle, but is obliged to be carried to Bristol, Swansea, N, Warrington, and

Liverpool; and that above Ten thousand Tons have been smelted at the above Places, the Expence of which exceededj£. 3,000.

That the Freight of the Ore to Swansea, and

Neath, is Ten Shillings and Ten Shillings and Six Pence a Ton, and to the other Places about Five Shillings.

That above Fifteen thousand Tons remain on the'

Banks of the Mines unfmelted; and that the Ore is of an inferior Quality, and contains a great Quantity of Sulphur and Dross, which consequently increases the Expence of Carriage.

That a much greater Quantity of Ore might be linelted upon the Spot, if Coals could be had free from Duty; but that it would not be worth the Proprietors while to pay the Duty on Coals for ftnelting the Ore at the Mines;

and that none has been smelted there, nor any Duty paid at the Custom House on Coals used for that Pur* pose.

And the Witness further said, That if a Drawback of the Duties was allowed on Coals used for smelting Ore in the Me of Anglesey, great Quantities cotild be smelted there, which would be of great Advantage to the Proprietors, contribute to the Employment of the Poor Anglesey, and prove beneficial to the Public in general.

Then an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Ann, intituled, "An Act for " reviving, continuing, and appropriating, certain Du-

ties upon several Commodities to be exported, and " certain Duties upon Coals to be waterborne and canried Coastwise; and for granting further Duties upon " Candles, for Thirty-two Years; to raise Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eleven, and for suppreiEng such unlawful Lotteries,

" and such Insurance Offices, as are therein mentioned," was read; by which it appeared, that a Drawback of the Duties was allowed on Coals used for smelting Copper and Tin Ores in the Counties of Cornwall, and Devon.

Then an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George, the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum " of One Million out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying other Sums therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Forty one; and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in Fire Engines for draining " Tin and Copper Mines in the county of;

" and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this " Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders,

" loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for giving " further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be " paid for the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks and " Apprentices," was read; by which it also appeared, that a Drawback was allowed on all Coals used in Fire Engines, for draining the Tin and Copper Mines in the County of Cornwall,

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Militi* whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and Laws> render more effectual, the several Laws now in being, relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

434 i ° Junii.1779.

W«y» Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-Mcani. ferre<j> to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee bad directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards ruling the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Two million Seventy-one thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpenny, out of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, compoGng the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, to be exchanged and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of One million Nine hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, to be exchanged and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Two thousand Seven hundred Sixty-three Pounds and One Shilling, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, exdu-iive of the Surplus Monies then remaining of the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such of the Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, after the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, and on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, of the Produce of the Duties charged by Two Acts, made in the Fifth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. ,the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, the Lord West cote, thftf Lord Palmerston Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Robin-fen, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Regulation Ordered, That the Report, which was made from of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Regu-Prisonj, &c. lation of Prisons, and Houses of Correction, within the Kingdom of England, and Dominion of Wake, 16

was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. DeGrey, upon the 19th Day of March last, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee,

That they had examined several other Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Iburfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day (except Major Forbes and Captain Bloomfield)do attend the said Committee upon Thwrfday Morning next.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Bull have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Eleven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That, by ancient and immemorial Usage? confirmed by various Charters of His Majesty’s Predecessors, which Charters have been confirmed by Act of Parliament, there have been held within the City of London divers Courts of Law, wherein the Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City have their Causes determined, at a very small Expence, by Juries of their Fellow Citizens, Two of which Courts are held Four Days in a Week, and the others are frequently held for that Purpose; and that it is the Practice of the said Courts to ifi'ue Bailable Processcs in all Causes where the Demand is above Forty Shillings, from which eafyand expeditious Mode of Trial great Advantages have arisen to the Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City, in recovering of small Debts; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests," and by such Amendment to restrain Arrests in any inferior Court for any Sum under £. 10; and the Petitioners are well convinced, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will subject the Trading Part of the City of London in general to many Delays and Inconveniences in the Recovery of small Debts, as well as diminish the Credit indispensably neccil'ary to great Numbers of the inferior Class of People: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Provision may be made in the said Bill, that the same shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any of the Courts of Law of or belonging to the City of London, or any Court or Courts of Law held under any Charter, Patent or Grant, to the Mayor, Commonalty, and C»-tizens, of the said City.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of

King

American

Attain,

Vexation

Arrefb.

i9 Geo. III. i° —

King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent " frivolous and vexatious Arrests," be read the Third Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Stone

A.’lerton

iuciotvire.

T\ ne

K'vrr

Bridge.

Cildirt’s Debt to the Cra»vii.

*ply Bill;

xt>quer

Bills.

Mercuriiy 2° die yunii;

Anno 190 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1779. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, or Trait of Commonable Land, called or known by the Name of Stone , in- the

Hamlet or Vill of Stone A in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, or Trait of Commonable Land, called or known by the Name of Stone AUerton M, in the Hamlet or Vill of Stone Allerton, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for building a Temporary Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of NezvcaJUe upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the County of Durham; for completing the new Stone Bridge over the said River, and for making the Avenues to, and the Passage over, the same more commodious, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for building a Temporary Bridge over the River be-

tween the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and GatejJtead, in the County of Durham; for completing the new Stone Bridge over the said River, and for making the Avenues to, and the Passage over, the same more commodious.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from James Gildart, and his Sureties, and for veiling the Estates of the said James Gildart, in Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart;and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Saluflury Brereton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Saltsbury Brereton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine: Voi. 37.

2° JuniL 433

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according Supply Bill j to Order, a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, EjCg^0W by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the 1 Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Billy to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, stamp buti««. upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Pow'er to receive a Clause for better securing the Stamp Duties upon Indentures,

Leases, Deeds, and other Instruments.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord Reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntoj which they had directed him tore-port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Coal* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House ufai in to consider of the Report which was made from the n£eey* Committee, to whom the Petition of Dawes, of Canonbury House, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and others, Owners, Proprietors, and Lessees, of Copper and Lead Mines, in the Isle of Angle/ey, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Herbert Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Herbert Mackworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House The King’s to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Message to take into consideration His Majesty’s most gracious c°nfi<Jere<L Message of Yesterday, be now read: 1*7 79.°

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, Encourage-and the more Speedy and effectual Manning His Ma- entot jesty’s Navy, was read the Third Time. eamen.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the

5 S more

i*

2° Junii.

A. 1779.

move speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence-

Lift India The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

Company, a Commiute of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing in the Pofession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Lad Indies, for a Time to he limited, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the h.tijl Indies-, and for continuing, for a Time to be

limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act, for establishing certain Regulations for the " better Management of the Affairs of the East India " Company as well in India as in Europe," as will expire in the Course of the present Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vexation* A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Trades-Arre.ls. men, Householders, and Shopkeepers, residing in the several Parishes within the City and Liberties of West-mn/ier, and in the several Parishes in the Counties of Midd'.ejex, Effete, Surrey, Kent, and Hertford, within the Didrift and Jurisdiction of the inferior Courts of Record, within the said Counties, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, from Motives of Neccfiity and Humanity, are induced to give Credit to Manufactures, and the lower Kind of Tradesmen, and their Families, in order to fuwiifh those, who cannot possibly have Ready Money at all Times, with the common Necessaries of Life, and without which Credit such Persons muff either starve with their Families, or become burthensome to the Parishes to which they belong; and that the Petitioners have been induced to give such Credit, not altogether upon a Confidence of the good Principles of the Debtor, but upon the Security which Credit in general receives from the established Laws of this Country; and that the Debts in general contrafted with the Petitioners, are in Sums amounting to Forty Shillings and upwards, and seldom to /. 10, for Lodgings, Cloaihs and Victuals, Medicines, Attendances in Sickness, and all other common Necessaries; and that the Petitioners have always been faci-1.tated and greatly secured in their. Demands, by the bailable Process of the inferior Courts of Record, by the cheap and expeditious Manner in which they proceed in thDie Courts for Creditors who are compelled to take such Methods to obtain Payment of their Demands; but the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious " Arrclls," and, by such Amendments, to restrain Arrests in any inferior Court, for any Sum under /. 10, which, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to the Petitioners, and totally destroy the Credit to Persons of the Descriptions already mentioned, who are exceedingly numerous, and (land in need of Credit, and such Persons can easily evade the common Process of inferior Courts, whose Jurisdictions are limited, by removing themselves out of the Jurisdiction of such Courts after Judgment, in which same no Execution of such Court can be executed; and the Petitioners have many of them fatally experienced, that the Process of the superior Courts is so expensive, that a Creditor cannot obtain Judgment and Execution for a Debt under/. 10,

without being the greatest Part of the Money out of Pocket: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that such Amendments may be made thereto, as may effectually fee u re Public Credit, or that the Petitioners may be relieved, in respect of the said Bill, in such a Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie unon the *

Table, until the Bill to explain and amend an. Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act; to prevent frivolous and " vexatious Arrests,’* be read the Third Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, *' An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrells

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

Then the Counsel aga’nft the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

And the several Petitions against the Bill were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the Counsel and Attornies of the ancient Court of the Marshalsea of the King’s Household, and of the Court of His Majesty’s Palace of Westminster, were heard.

And the Counsel for the Petition of Joint Mors , Esquire, One of the Four Counsel of the ancient Court of the Marshalsea, and of the Palace Court; and also for the Petition of Ann King, of in the County of Essex, Widow of John King, Esquire, deceased. Patentee of the King’s Court of Record, within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and of the Hamlets and Liberties of the fame, and of the Steward, Prothonotary, Counsel, and Attornies, of the said Court, was also heard, and produced Evidence in Support of the said last mentioned Petition.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others of the Counsel, Clerks of the Papers, Prothonotary, Clerkfitters, and Attornies, of the Sheriff’s Court of the ancient City of London, were also heard.

And the Counsel for the Petition of Mi n't fie,

Barrister at Law, was likewise heard.

And then the Counsel against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That in Cafes of final Judgment obtained in the inferior Courts, the Certificate from the Judge or proper Officer of that Court, to the superior Courts at Westminster, shall enable such superior Court to Issue Writs of Execution, to take the Person and Effects of the Defendant.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read, the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that no Habeas Corpus or other Process, shall be brought to remove any causeout of an inferior Court, where the Cauleof Action does not amount to 10.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers

T S* zr'"«4.

So

Wxarioqf

Arresti.

i9 Geo. III.

4?5

So it passed the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That on a Judgment in an inferior Court, where the Damages are under £. io. before any Stay of Execution, the Plaintiff in Error shall give Security to prosecute the Writ of Error with

Effect.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by M ay of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that the Bill lh.ill not extend to the inferior Courts held under the Charter of the City of London.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It pallid in the Negative.

Another ingiotild Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that the Bill shall not extend to the City of Norwich.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It paffld in the Negative.

Another ingrossfed Clause was offered to be added the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that no Cause shall be removeable into any superior Court, unlei's the Defendant shall enter into a Recognizance for Payment of Debts and Costs.

And the said Clause, was Twice read, and amended; and was then read the Third Time; and, upon, the Question put thereupon agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill, do pats; and that the Title be, An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent frivolous and " vexatious Anvils;’’ and for other Purpol’cs.

Ordered, That Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee Militia of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Law's now in being, relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 30 die 'Juni't;

Anno 190 Georgii III1’1 Regis, 1779. Prayers.

AMES SAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker.

Meeting! of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Commissioner* for enlarging the Times appointed for the Meetings of under Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution temin A&«. certain Acts of this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

Auctioneeri’ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An licences -A-dt for altering, amending, and enforcing, so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences VOL. 37.

to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers, and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses,

Goods, and other Tilings, sold by Auflion, and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds. Deed.', and other Inliru-ments," as relates to tire Method of granting Licences to Auctioneers, and to the co le fling ti.e Dut ies on Estates ar,d Goods sold by Auction; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report Report on from the Committee of the whole House, to whom, ic Kind's was rderied to take into Cwnsideration His Majesty’s . of

most Gracious Mofiage of Tuesdaylull. £.1,000,0^0.

Sir GV.y Cooper accordingly repoiied from the said Committee, the Resolutiom which ti e C.-mmittee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h;

Rejoin'd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One Million, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, to enable His Majesty, to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine; and to take all such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require; and that such Sum be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: and that Sir Grey Coop, the Lord the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, the Lord

the Lord Palmerflon, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. So-

licitor General, Mr. Robinson, and Mr. Ord, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans Supply Bill; or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One Exchequer thoulimd Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, was read a.

Second Time

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this I Ioule will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve irfdf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for raillnga further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thoulimd Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report Supply Bill; from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the St3n,t> Duties. Bill for granting to His Mnjetly several additional Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, was committed.

Sir Grey Coope* accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with. the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

a Second

F.nft India Company.

Gildart’i Debt to the Crown.

Eden's

Larity Lftatcf.

Con’s uled in An^lefty.

436 3° Junii.J, 1779.

a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Ques- f Esquire, on Behalf of himself and others, Owners,

tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Indies, for a Time to be limited, and under ceriain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies-, and for continuing, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations, for the better Management of the Affairs " of the East India Company, as well in India as in " Europe," as will expire in the Course of the present Year, was committed.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from James Gildart, and his Sureties, and for veiling the Estates of the said James Gildart in Francis Gi/dart and Thomas Gildart; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from James Gildart, and his Sureties, and for veiling the Estates of the said James Gildart in Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Salusbury Brereton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chester reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Estates, situate in the Parishes of Saint Mary Redc/iffe, and Saint Thomas, or One of them, in the City of Brtjlol, given by Thomas Eden the Elder, late of Broadm, in the Parish of Pebworth, in the County of Gloucester, Gentleman, for charitable Uses, to grant Building Leases thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Chester do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Herbert Mackworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Dazves, of Canonbury House ,in the County of -20

Proprietors, and Lessees, of Copper and Lead Mines, in the I fie of Ar.glefey, was referred; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; w'hich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, -1

That, for encouraging the working of Copper and Lead Mines, within the Isle of Anglesey, a Drawback be allowed of all Duties on such Coals as shall be used for fmelcing Copper and Lead Ores, within the said Isle.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said ao

Resolution: And that Sir Herbert M the Lord; Buikeley, and Mr. Owen of Pembroke do prepare, and 'u'

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House American j to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Artairs. to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. De , upon the 19th Day of March last, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved'itself into the said Committee. Vj

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Com-

mi t tee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee,

That they had examined another Witness, and had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and -.g.

and that he was directed by the Committee to move, v-

that they may have Leave to fir again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day (except Lieutenant Colonel Kingston) do attend the said Committee upon Tuesday Morning next. ij.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Colonel Deibeg do attend the said Committee, at the same Time. 4

Ordered, That Philip Skene, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, Committca. notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho/ford and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Bromfeild’s ' dissolve the Marriage of Charles with Ann Divorce.

Broom, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meflfengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

i p Geo. III. 5° — 7° Junii. 437

, That the Report be received upon Monday Saiiati, 50 die Junii; Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Anno 19* Georgii III'" Regis, 1779. Morning, Ten of the Clock.

"Prayers.: ‘

Com!* 1V/TR* Owen of Pembroke presented to the House, i„ iVl according to Order, a Bill for allowing a Draw-An^icfcy. back of the Duties upon Coals used in fmeiting Copper and Lead Ores, within the Isle of Anglesey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Regulation The House was moved, That the Order, made upon of Tuesday last, for taking into further Consideration, upon Ptifons, 4c. Monday Morning next, the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of Prisons, and Houses of Correction, within the Kingdom of England and Dominion of Wales, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

s.„ v $;ii s Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to l>>tui6ng Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to raile the vr,;oo, oooo. Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned,: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Luna70 dieJunii;

Anno 19* Georgii III'" Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill to enlarge the Term ami Powers p.

of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Cm kbd« for repairing and widening the Road from in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was pioposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 5.1. 17. To leave out from " Aft" to " And" in 1. 25.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Questiod put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, pafl*ed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Chester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Siiody Bill; Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to iAiufcFund Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine: And the same was received; and read the First

ft«

11 me.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sardv Bill; The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Exchequer a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Llk* raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir G>ey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Din* The House resolved itleif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Btlls, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir G>ey Cooper reported from the Committee, That that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire cl eel him to report, when the House wid please to receive the same.

You. 37.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest Is Duke of concerned in the Bill to confirm and establish the Divi- Newcastle'* lion and Allotment of Two Open Commons, or Forests, ktWes. within the Parish of Elkejley, in the County of - Elkefley.

ham, and for exonerating the Lands within the said Parish from the Payment of Tithes j which Bill was, upon this Day Sevennight, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

An ingrossld Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Cirencester of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the to

Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stroud

the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and koad. that Part of Rod borough Hill which leads to Dudbridge; and also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bijey, so far as the Bottom of Hill, all in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of-Rodborough Hill which leads to Dudbridge; and also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Eijey, so far as the Bottom of Gulph Hill, all in the County of GLu-cester.

Ordered, That Mr. Chester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Chrirtchurcfc the Clerk, of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for Writ, the electing of a Bui gels to l'erve in this present Parliament for the Borough ol Christchurch, in the County of

j T Southampton,

Award be; ween Lord Beaulieu and others*

Coals used in Anglesey.

Supply Bill; S;ampDuties.

East India Company.

7° Junii.

j. 1779.

Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable Thomas Titters, commonly called Lord Hyde, who, since his F.ledlion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and

in the County of Buckingham.

Thirteenth Year-of the Reign of His p re lent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of " the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe" as will expire in the Courie of the prefen t Year.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to . the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. George Venables Vernon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming, and carrying into Execution, an Award touching certain Questions and Dif-putes between the Right honourable Edward Lord Beaulieu and Isabella Lady Beaulieu his Wife, and the Most noble George Duke of Henry Duke of

Buccleugh, and Elizabeth Duchess of his Wife,

and the Right honourable Charles William, eldest Son of the said Duke and Duchess of Buccleugh, commonly called Earl of Dalkeith, was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. George Venables Vernon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, within the Me of Anglesey, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The feid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, I’hat the Bill be committed.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and for better securing the Stamp Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Deeds, and other Instiuments.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

An ingrossed Bill for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, for a Time to be limited, and under

certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East and for continuing, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the " Affairs of the East India Company, as well in /«dia as in Europe" as will expire in the Course of the present Year, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for a limited Time, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and for continuing, for a limited Time, so much of an Act, made in the

Sir Grey Cooper, according to Order, reported from Smp!y Bill; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bdi t^h:-;utr for tailing a certain Surti ot Money, by Loins or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Piacc; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossedi

Sir Grfy Cooper, according to Order, reported from Dltw. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a furl he t Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion "was made, and the Question being pro- Supply Bill-posed, That the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise for railing ’ the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes £1,000,000. therein mentioned; be now read a Second Time;

The House was moved, That His Majesty’s Most Gracious Message to this House, of last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Sevennight."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now"

Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Suppiv Bin. Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying cer- Sinkingrund! tain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Ho*le.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

il

S

c

c

t

t

t

1 1

1

1

19 Geo. III. 7%-8

43 9

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Account bmiiii^led

Good*

Bounties

on

Exports to America.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Coitimissionere of Excise in , attended at the

E>oor; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce arising from the Sale of Goods smuggled into that Fart of Great Britain called Scotland, and ieized by Officers belonging to His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise there, from the 5th Day of January 1760 to the 5th Day of January 1779; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of Bounties paid by the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland on Goods exported to North America, from Christmas 1761 to 1777.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mililia

Law#.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, Tor taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectualy- the several Laws now in being, relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being l'everally read a Second Time, were, upon the Questran severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Claui'e was offered to be added to the Bill, for repealing so much of an Act of last Session as relates to the Half Pay, and to the Oath, of Lieutenants and Ensigns.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to b/ the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Ctaule was offered to be added to the Bill, to compel Persons ballotted, and absconding, when found, to serve in the Militia.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Parc of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving Half Pay to Adjutants, when disabled by Ill-ness, or other Accident.

And the said Clause was read the First Time, with a Blank.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause

be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas JSir PhiRt I ellers for the Yeas, J Mf

Tellers for the Nocs.J^ j‘"n)r

II.

35-

‘So it passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Bwifeild’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dirorce. to diiffive the Marriage of Charles Bromfeild with Ann Broom, his now Wife; and to enahde him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was real! a Sec nd Time.

R Ju bed, i nat the Bill be committed.

Vox,. 37.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counfei, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and allb, that they do hear Counfei, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counfei, or produce Witnesses.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Sealy with Ann his now

Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair*

The Lord Beauchamp took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counfei, and examined Witrefies, for the said Bill; and that no Counfei or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Protection of Oyster Fisheries, within that Part ot Great Britain called And that

Mr. Ord and Mr. St. John do prepare, and bring in,

the lame

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved idclf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill from the herds, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of 'T.omas Bailey Heath Sewell, Esquire, with the Right honourable Lady Elizabeth Birmingham, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord topk the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counfei, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill, and that no Counfei, or Party, appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 8° die Junii y

Anno 198 Georgii III1'1 Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Bailey, Heath Sewell, Esquire, with the Right honourable Lady Elizabeth Birmingham, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords;

and

Scaly's

Divorce.

Oyfler

Fitherie*.

Sewell's

Divorce.

Sewell’s

Divorce.

1

44°

8° Junii. 1779,

and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bili to fame, without any Amendment. the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Scaly’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Divorce. to difl* Ive the Marriage of Henry Sealy with -Ann IVW-rosse, his now Wife > and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do Carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Duke of Mr. Ambler reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, to confirm and establish the Division and Allot-i.Ikeflej-.n nient of Two Open Commons, or Forests, within the Parish of Elkejley, in the County of Nottingham; and for exonerating the Lands within the said Parish from the Payment of Tithes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second lime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put l hereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Blilida An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render Laws. more effectua), the several Laws now in being, relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be nude to t he Bill;

Pr. 6. 1. 26. To leave out " Clerk," and insert " Clerksand to leave out the," and jnfert " both Houses of" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Ived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now m being relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom; and for making certain Provisions relative to the Fencible Men in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; i.xeiie ju^r Bills.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That tire Bill do pass: And that the Tide be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ditto. An ingrossed Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, k - 20

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to refblvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and- Lead Ores, within the Isle of Anglesey, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pieaie to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House supply Bill to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, for railing 1 upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein;

mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; |

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. ]

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee. a

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they j

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- t

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to re port, when the House will please to receive the fime.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-moirow Morning,

1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, SiulcingFuwf upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum ot Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sevehty-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That f) much of His Majesty’s moll Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money

arising Irom the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown, and to 1 lie Sums which should arise by the Sale of the Ceded If!andc, being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunud the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

-H,

‘h

The other Order of the Day being read.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the American whole House, to connder further of the several Papers Affairi. which were presented to the House by Mr, Ds Grey,

upon

19 Geo. III. £° — <

upon the 19th Day of March last, pursuant to their

Adbrefs to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Coni-tnittce.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters tc them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Re/ohed, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

Oyster Ordered, That Mr. SalBrerelon have Leave to Piihcnei. make a Motion, it being near Eleven of the Clock. And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better Protection of Oyster Fisheries within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Protection of Oyster Fisheries within that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second Time,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercufiiy 9* die yunii;

Anno 19* Georgii III. Regis, 1779.

P ft a V b a s.

D,ke of A N ingrossed BUI to confirm and establish the Di-

KewcalHe’k ±\ vision and Allotment of Two Open Commons, Eftaitt or Forests, within the Parish of , in the County

Elkefcy. Nottingham \ and for. exonerating the Lands within the said Parish from the Payment of Tithes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to confirm and establish the Division and Allotment of certain'Commons, or Forests, ard Waste lands, within the Parish of , in the County of

Nottingham.

Ordered, That Me Ambler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

BromtoM’t Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Koufe DiTMcc. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Bromfeild with Ann Broom, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be flow read.

And the Cud Order being read accordingly;

The House retolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ga/coyne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ga/coyne reported from the Committee, That ^they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel, or Party, appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had duefted him to report the Bill to the Vot. 37.

)* yunii 441

House, without Any Amendment*. And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. PuheH and Mr;

Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have pdfled a Bill, intituled, An Act tt> Doipefjpit'J dissolve the Marriage of Charles Dvmergttewith Di+orca-

Ann Catherine, his now Wife; and to enable him to

marry again: and for other Purposes; to which thfe Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Tithe.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tirtlei

Mr. Robert Smith reported from the Committee; to Fruntmork whom the Bill to regulate the Business of Framework Knitting, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses there- W*9*‘" in, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the manufacturing Hosiers of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham; and also, the Petition of the principal manufacturing Hosiers in the City of,

and the several Towns and Counties of,

Leicester, and Derby, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the Allegations of the Flrft-mentioned Petition, no Counsel appearing on Behalf of the last mentioned Petition; and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Two " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now* stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tdlm for he Ye«,{ J£; c°oITJd!t%: }'*

T*« for.h, Nocs.{^-"^^ }s.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being putrThat the Words upon " this Day Two Months"’ be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative*

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, be read a Second Tiine upon this Day Two Months,

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, i,oocyoooo. for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

5 U Mr.

44*

9° Jun

A. 1JJ9.

Supply Bill; , Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the SmiuijFunJ. committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had * made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

% Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrosstJ.

CmU Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Anelefiy. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, within the Isle of An-g/ejey, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in ae the Clerk’s Table: Where the A.nendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingrossed.

Sleagill An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure. Open Waites and Commons, lying in the Manor of Slcagid, in the County of was read the

Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for making Allotments for Limestone and Freeftone Quarries.

And the said 'Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for setting out Land as a Compen&tion for Tithes.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for confirming Exchanges that have been made.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Pact of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for preventing the Cutting of Turfs.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way. of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for determining the Tenure of Lands allotted or Exchanged.

’ And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for letting the Rector’s ' Allotment, with the Consent of the Bishop oiCarliJle.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bdl; viz.

Pr. 22. 1. 30. After " Aft" to insert " or who shall " claim, or are entitled to any Right " of Common, or other Right, in " or upon the said Wastes or Commons."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Wastes and Commons, lying in the Manor of Sleagill, in the County of fVefimorcland.

Ordered, That Mr. Spencer Stanhope do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening, the Hoads from Smithy, in the Township of Elton, through the Town of and

by Spittle Hill, in Slant horn, to Bridge, and from Spittle Hill to the Town of in the County Palatine of Chester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving and continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop', and for amending and-keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Turnpike, or Side Gate, in the Parish of Ashford Bowdler, to the Turnpike Road on the Gee Hill, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Townshipof Cranage, in the County Palatine of Chester; without any AmendmentAnd also, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Hajland, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies, or Extracts, of Letters from Lord George Germain, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, to Lord Howe and General Howe, His Majesty’s Commissioners for restoring Peace to the rebellious Colonies in America, dated the 14th of January and 18 th of May 1777; and of the Letters from the said Commissioners to his Lordship, dated the 30th of November 1776, and 25th of March 1777.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House by Mr. De Grey, upon the 19th Day of March last, pursuant to their Address to His. Majesty, be now read. _

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu tqok the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee That they bad made a further Progress in the Matter's

to

Spann Smithy, Sec. Roads.

Ludlow

Roads.

Cranage

Inclosure.

4 Hafland Inclosure*

American

Affairs.

Ditto*

19 Geo. III. 9° —

to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again. > ' Refobved, I'1,at this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

ing, resolve itilit into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Ordered, T: at the several Perldns, who were ordered to attend the a; i Committee this Day, do attend the said Comm.ttce Tomorrow Morning.

Oyfl-r A Bill for the better Proreftion of Oyster Fisheries, Fitberic*. within that Part of Gre Britain called England, was read a Second Time.

RefoEred.That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Regulation Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Prison*. Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of Prisons, and Houses of Correction, within the Kingdom of England and Dominion of Wales, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 10° yunii; (

Anno 19* Georgii IIltl1 Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

Supply Bill A ingrossed Bill for enabling His Majesty to ra ife. f.rraifing I k the Sum of One Million, fi r the Ltes and Pur-£1,000,000. poses therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raile the Sum of One Million, for the L ies and Purposes therein men-> tinned.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; An Bill for granting to His Majesty a cer-

Sinkinjfund', tain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, was read the Third Time.

ResolveJ, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for allowing a Drawback of the ufaMn ^uties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead K:\Mey. Ores, within the Isle of was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing a Drawback of tire Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, within, the Isle of Anglesey.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

mfelld’i An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act fooTce. Vcl. 37.

o° Jrniu 443

to dissolve the Marriage of Charles with Ann

Broom, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, TW the Bill do pars.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne do carry the Bill to th

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fime, without any Amendment.

The House being informed that Mr. Gliddon, from Westminster the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City of Westminster, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, (

Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, made in the ad, 3d, 4th, 5th, sith, and nth Years of His present Majesty’s lleign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lines, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Wand Parts adjacent, from the 31st Day of March 1778 to the 2 2d Day of December 1778, both inclusive; also an Account of all Contracts and Agreements, made by the

laid Commissioners, from the 31st Day of March 1778. to the 22d Day of December 1778, both inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perufid by Members of the House.

The said Copy is pre erved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Regulation further Consuleration the Report which was made from- _ .°J the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Regula- on*‘ tion of Prisons, and Houses of Correction, within the Kingdom of England and Dominion of Wales, was committed; be now read.

1 *

And. the said Order was read accordingly;

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said BiH;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed. 3

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pec hell and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Encouragtment

for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy of and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy; without ®eamen* any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act supply . for repealing the Duties on all inhabited Houses, im- Duties on* posed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament; House*. and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon all inhabited Houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said Act; and also for amending so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as imposes a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also, ' .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act judge*’ ’ for th* further Augmentation of the Salaries, of the Salarie*. Puisne Judges of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, at Westminster; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Sump Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and for bet- Dutie*. ter securing the Stamp Duties upon Indentures, Leases,

Deeds, and other Instruments; without any Amendment :. And also,

The

444 I0# — 1

Tyne The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wdac. &r enlarging the Term of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty V Reign, for building a Teniporary Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and in the County of Durham, for completing the new Stone Bridge over the said River, and for making the Avenues to, and the Passage over, the same more commodious; without any Amendment: And also.

Removal The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ° withoutC to Perm’t Removal of Lime, and other Articles ne-Cocquet. ceflary for the Improvement of Land, without Coequet or Bond; without any Amendment; And also,

Clerk *f The Lords have puffed a BiH, intituled, An Act to , take away the Sale of the Office of Clerk of Assize, irt certain Cafes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

America* The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Affair*, 4 Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. De Grey, upon the 19th Day of March last, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Oyster Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom-"""* ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Protection of Oyster Fisheries within that Part of Great Britain called England,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 11* Junii;

Anno 19* Georgii III. Regis, 1779. Prayers.

AM £ S S A G £ from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Eamct:

Mr. Speaker,

F,»ft India The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cwqpuiy. f0f continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for a limited Time, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and for continuing, for a limited Time, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for 4‘ establishing certain Regulations for the better Ma* " nagement of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in ," as will expire in the Course of the present Year; without any Amendment: And also,

'Junii. A. 1779-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to compound a Debt due to the Crown from James Cro*n. Gildart and his Sureties; and for veiling the Estates of the said James Gildart in Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Ex- Ex£t!j<lu*f chequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand *'

Seven hundred and Seventy-nine; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ditta. for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cirencester to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in 10 the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodhorough Hill which leads to Dudbridge-, and also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bijley, so far as the Bottom of G ulph Hill, all in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ckencefcr ( to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty rJj*; King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of to

Cricklade, in the County of IVills: without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act TapW ' 1 for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, kclofott. Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Taplow, in the County of Buckingham; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjournment House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Clerk of That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Affiie

Act to take away the Sale of the Office of Clerk of 0ftice'

Assize, in'certain Cafes therein mentioned, be now read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be Tejefted.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Motion That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to assure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons,.. Amoiw! knowing that it mull give His benevolent and Royal Mind the highest Satisfaction possible, to remove the Calamities of War from His Colonies, and the Burthens of sustaining that War from His British Subjects, beg Leave to express their great Concern that the Commit fion, which was issued by His Majesty for the wife and |

(alutary Ends of accommodating our Disputes with the Americans, has failed of Success:

There is not an Example of any Nation that ever lent Fleets and Annies of such Strength and Mlatitude on so remote a Service as thafe which Great Britain has poured into America, vet they are not found, on Trial, to be adequate to the Purpose of establishing a Government by Force over that Country: That, looking to the Situation of Affairs in Europe, we cannot but apprehend that our Resources may become altogether nc-cessary to repel the hostile Designs, and the Armaments, prepared against this Kingdom; confident, however, that the Hearts of His People are animated by a true Spirit and Zeal for His Majesty’s Service, and that

Means

1

i9 Geo. III.

Means will not be wanting to defend His faered Person,

His Family, and His Dominions, against: all Hostilities:

That, in this State of Things, we most sincerely lament that the Commission for restoring Peace (which was in Force till the lft of only) has expired, without any declared or apparent Intention of opening a Door to Reconcilement;

That His faithful Commons, therefore, think it their indil’penfable Duty, most humNy to implore His Majesty, to direct those Confidential Servants, on whose Advice His Majesty reiies in Matters of the greatest Importance, that they do immediately deliberate upon, and concert, such Measures as may prepare the Way for Peace with America;

It palfed in the Negative,

American Lord George Germain presented to the House, pur-Alfain. foant to their Order,

N° i.Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners for restoring Peace to His Majesty’s Colonies in America to Lord George , dated New,

30th November 1776: Received 30th December; inclosing,

N° 2. Copy of Proclamation.

N° 3. Copy of the Representation and Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and County of New York to the King’s Commissioners for restoring Peace, lYc.

N° 4. Copy of the Representation and Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of King's in the Province of New , to the King’s Commissioners for restoring Peace, &c.

N° 5. Copy of the Representation and Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of Queen's County on the Island of , in the Province of New York, to the King’s Commissioners for restoring Peace, &c.: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from Lord George Germain to the Commissioners for restoring Peace to His Majesty’s Colonies in America, dated Whitehall, 14th Ja. nuary iyyji And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners for restoring Peace to His Majesty’s Colonies in America to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 25th March 1777: Received 8th May, inclosing,

N° 8. State of Declarations subscribed in Consequence of the Proclamation of 20th November 1776.

N° 9. Copy of Mr. Proclamation,

dated 2 jth January 1777.

N° 10. Copy of Address from the City and County of New York.

N° 1 1. Copy of Address from Suffolk County, in the Province of York, to His Majesty’s Commissioners: And also,

N° 12. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Ditto: Received Ditto (marked Secret): And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Letter from Lord George Germain to the Commissioners for restoring Peace to His Majesty’s Colonies in America, dated Whitehall, 18th May

*777*

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideratiort of the Committee of the whole House,

to whom it is referred to take into Consideration the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. ]De Grey, upon the 19th Day last, pursuant to

their Address to His Majesty.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read;

Cyder Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Fisheritt.. ing next> resolve it felt into a Committee of the whole Voi. 37.

445 I

House, upon the Bill for the better Protection of Oyf- 1

ter Fisheries within that Part of &eat Britain called !

England \ '

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock

..... ..- *----- — ~ ~ -------- — ------------- i

Lunes, 14° dieJunii >

Anno 19® Georgii III*11 Regis, 779*

Praters.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration t«pW the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, indofws* intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Taplow, in the County of Buckingham.

And the said Amendment was read, and is as fob loweth; viz.

Pr. 22. 1. 3. After f* be" insert " Provided ne-

" vertheless, that Two Third Parts " of all such Arable Lands as " shall be allotted to the said Rectory by virtue of this Act, shall " be taken from Taplow Common " Field, and shall be set out in One entire Plot, next, and adjoining to, the Garden, and " other Lands, belonging to the " said Rectory House; and that " the remaining Third Part of " such Arable Lands as aforesaid " shall be taken from some other " of the said Open and Common " Fields; and that the fame, and " all such Meadow and Pasture " Lands as shall be allotted to " the said Rector as aforesaid,

" shall be set out in such Place " or Places as shall be most convenient to the said Rector, any " Thing in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A«f^ Dumcrgus's to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Francois Dumergue, Devores, with Ann Catherine, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 ioufe, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Sir Herbert Mack-worth reported from the Committee, Relation

to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of Prisons, of

3 X god Prisons, Ac,

n° — 140 Junii.

Duration

if

Parliament.

American

Addirs.

Cyder F idler ies.

Journal*.

14° — 150

id 6

i i

and 1 Ioules of Correction; within the Kingdom of hand and D iminion of IValet, was re-committed; That the Commntec had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the CJetk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for iliortening the Duration of Parliaments}

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

A. 1779.

Tellers for the Yeas fMr' AldcrmanS^r/^,7 1 eiiers for the 1 eas,| Mf Alderman . {

„ , ' , x r (Sir Herbert 7

Tellers for the Nocs,jM(^ J

So it pafl*ed in the Negative.

8.

32*

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confideT further of the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. De Grey, upon the 19th Day of March last, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.'

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, That they had examined another Witness, and had made a further Progress in the Matters to them lelerred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-in, resolve itself into a Committee of the udiole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day (except Major General James Roberifon)do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament, to the End of this present S Elio a; and to defray Inch extraordinary Expences as have been, o flialibe, incurred, on Account of the printed join-wS and 1'ep 0 ts of this House; and to allure Uij Maj.lly, that this House will make good the lame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Mod honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Karnes and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to confbmand establish the Division ttnd Allotment of certain Commons or Forests, and Waste Land?., within the Parish of E/kfley, in the County or Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, t Act for dividing and inclosfng the Open Wastes and Commons, lying in the Manor of in the County of

Westmorelr.nd; with an Amendment , to vviiicli Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in being, relative to the Mdina Forces of this Kingdom; and for making certain Provisions relative to the Fencible Men in that Part ot Great tain called Scotland; with some Amendments; to which

Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing the pernicious Practices of Smuggling In this Kingdom, and for indent-nifying Persons who lnve been guilty ot Offences against: the Laws of the Customs and Excite, upon the Terms therein mentioned; with some Amendments \ to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House,

And then the MefTen?;ers withdrew.

NewcaiUc’s Ewucs in

E.kQry*

luclolurt*

Lawv.

Bill fur preventing S Tiiiidin.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, u[tm the Bill for the better Prorcftion of Oyller Fifn-eries within that Part of Great Britain called

o

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Martis, 150 die Junii;

Anno 19® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1779.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing the pernicious Practice; of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences agaiidt the Laws of the Customs and Excite, upon the Terms therein mentioned.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follower h; viz.

Pr. 8. I.22. Leave out " Court" and " Courts and in the lam and Line 3, after " Exchequer" intert " in England and Scotland " respectively."

1. 30. Leave out from " in" to " and" in Line 32, and inlert " such of

Dlao.

in fort Line,

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciouffy plealed to order the Sum of Seven hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards

2o

" the said rdpedive Courts."

Pr. 9. 1. 39. Leave out " all" and inlert " if' " any."

Pr. 10. 1. 1. Leave out £* who."

Pr. 13.I.21. Leave out from " to" to " And"

in Preis 14, Line 12, and inlert " Commit such Person or Persons " to Hard Labour, in the House " of Correction of the County, " City, Town, or Place, there to V remain for a Term not exceeding " Three Years, nor lets than One " Year. Provided always, That if any Person lb convicted, shall be " approved of by any Officer of " His Majesty’s Land Forces or

" Fleer,

1

Militia

Laws.

19 Geo. Ill,

150 Juni'u

" Fleet, as an able and proper " Person to serve His Majesty, it " shall and may be lawful for the " laid Justices, at such General " Quarter Sessions, and they are " hereby respectively authorized " and required, in Lieu of any " other Punishment to which such " Offender may be liable, by this " or any former Act, for the same " Offence or Offences, to order and " adjudge every such Offender to " feive His Majesty as a Soldier or Sailor, and to cause such Man to " be delivered over to such Officer " of His Majesty’s Land Forces of " Fleet, such Officer giving a Receipt under his Hand, acknow- ledging what Men are so delivered " to him; which Receipt such Officer is hereby required to give \ " and such Officer may, in case he " shall find it necessary, detain such " Man in some secure House or Place; and no Person so deliver-tf ed iti pursuance of this Act, shall be liable to be taken out of u His Majesty’s Sendee by any Process, other than for some criminal Matter."

Pr. 14.1. 18, Leave out from " Officer" to " it" in Line 21, and insert " of His Majesty’s Land Forces or Fleet." 1. 28. Leave out from " any" to " of" in Line 30, and insert such Officer."

1. 36. After " aforesaid" insert " in same " such Officer shall approve of such " Person or Persons as able and " proper to serve His Majesty in " Manner aforesaid."

Pr. 17. 1. 16 After " Ad" insert " and shall have " been approved of as aforesaid." 1. 24. After " presume" insert " knowing- ly and wilfully."

1. 35. Leave out from " cashiered" to " And" in Press 18, Line 10.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in being relative to the Militia Forces.of this Kingdom; and for making certain Provisions relative to the Fencible Men in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

And the said Amendments were read j and are as followeth , viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 8. After " Counties" leave out " and they are hereby required."

1. 16 At the End of the Clause, after " Rank," insert " And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, " That for the future, all Persons " to be appointed Captain Lieutenants shall have the same Qualifications as Persons serving as " Captains are required to have; provided, that it shall not be necessary- for, any Person having

Vol. 37.

447

" acted as Captain Lieutenant before the Full Day of e

" thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, to hold any oilier " Qualification than as a Lieutenant."

Pr* 6. 1. zt. After " Militia" insert " if prrper " Persons duly qual lied shall offer " themselves for such Service, h 13. After " respectively" inlcrt " and " such Lieutenant shall, and he is " hereby required and diveded to " declare in the London " within Six Weeks, the Commission of such Officer to be. vacant,

" and shall proceed to- such Appointment accordingly."

1, 19. After " in the" insert " London."

1. 20. After " Officer" insert " together " with the Names of the Officers " in whose Stead they are lo coxiimissioned."

1. 25 T Leave ' out " the Clerks of both and > " Houses of" and insert " One of

*6. J " His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, in order that they " may be laid before."

Pr. 19. 1. 15. After " inrolled" insert " And " whereas by an Act, passed in the Second Year of His Majesty’s " Reign, intituled " An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Ad, the several Laws relating to the Militia Forces in that Part of Great Britain called " England" certain Powers were " granted to Deputy Lieutenants . " and Justices, to hold Subd.vi-

" fion Meetings, and to order fresh " Ballots for the Purpose of filling " up Vacancies in the Cafes t!>erein mentioned, giving Seven D -s " Notice of such Meetings; ar d " Doubts have arisen to what Cales " or Vacancies such Powers extend; " Be ic Enacted, That the said Leputy Lieutenants and Juffces " flrall, and they are hereby required, in all Cales, when a regular Discharge of any Militia " Man shall be produced to them " from any Commanding Officer, " certifying the Reason of such " Discharge, and that such Reason " renders such Militia Man unfit " for Service, to proceed to con-' firm the fame, and also to cause " the Lifts to be amended, and " other Persons to be chosen to fill up such Vacancies, in like Manner as in and by the said recited " Act, or any other Law now in " Force relating to the Militia, is " di reded and provided."

Pr. 21. I. 31 Leave out " passing of this Act" and insert " last Tuesday in 08obei‘ " next."

The said Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Press 19, Line 15, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Press 19, Line 15, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inferring, after the Word " required, " the

Words

Vexatious

Arrcfis.

15* JustiL

A. 1779.

Words " unless just Cause be shewn to them to -the " contrary."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inferred;

'JThe House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ' } «

TelleBfor, heNoe,{^"^. J

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Amendment, made by the Lords to the said- Bill, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House "Hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of ILing George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious " Arrets:" and for other Purposes; with some Amend* ments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take *t he said Amendments into Consideration.

1 And the said Amendments were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 32. After the" leave out " passing of " this Act," and insert " First Day " of July One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine."

Pr. 2. 1. 18. After " the" leave out " passing of " this Act, and insert " First day " of July One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine."

Pr. 3. 1. 14. In Clause (A), after " upon" leave out " Certificate under the Hand " and Seal of the Judge of such " inferior Court," and insert Affi davit made and filed therein." In the same Clause, Line 17, after " obtained," insert " and of diligent Search and Enquiry having " been made after the Person or " Persons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their " Effects, and of Execution having " issued against the Person or Persons, or Effects, as the same may be, of the Defendant or De* " fendants."

In the same Clause, line 22, after Court," insert " which Affidavit " may be made before a Judge or " Commissioner authorized to take " Affidavits, and such superior " Court to cause the Record of the " said Judgment to be removed " into such superior Court."

In the same Clause, Line 22, after " Execution," insert " thereupon." In Clause (B), Line 3, after " the," leave out " passing of this Act," and insert " First Day of July One " thousand Seven hundred and " Seventy-nine."

In the feme Clause, Line 26, after " affirmed," insert " or the said " Writ of Error be non-prossed."

In Clause (C), Line 9, after " Cafe," leave out " the Verdict," and insert Judgment."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill to the Lordsj and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord* ships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Wastes and Commons, lying in the Manor of in the'

County of fVejlmoreland.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 29. After "thereof" insert Clause (A).

Clause (A). " And whereas the said Manor or " Lord ship of SleagiU adjoins to " the Manor or Lordflrip of King's " Measurn: And whereas an Act " of Parliament was made in the " Seventeenth Year of the Reign " of his present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within " the said Manor or Lordship of " King's Measurn, by which Act " the Boundaries of the same Manor or Lordship are directed to be perambulated, ascertained, " and settled, and the same have, " according to the Directions of " the said Act, been perambulated, " ascertained, and settled, and the Common and Waste Grounds, " within the same Manor or Lordship, have been divided, allotted, and inclosed; And whereas it " would be very injurious to the " several Persons interested in the " Lands and Grounds which have " been divided and inclosed by " virtue of the said recited Act, it " the Boundaries of the said Manor cr Lordship of King's " burn, so ascertained and settled " as aforesaid, were to be altered or varied: Be it ther-fore Enact-M ed and Declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in " this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners, or " any of them, or any other Person or Persons, to alter or change " the present Boundaries of the said u Manor or Lordflrip of King's " Measurn (the same having been " settled and ascertained by virtue " of the said recited Act) or to " distufb or injure any of the A1lotments and Inclosures which " have been made in pursuance of " the Directions of the same Act, " any Thing in this Act to the " contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding."

The laid Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by tire H’oufq.

' Ordered,

Ini

African Sr dements.

Motion for an Add ref* not to pirogue Parliament.

r9 Geo. III.

15* Juttii.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Adair do carry the Bill to the Lord* j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lord* ships.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds to be issued, and employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of,

for the Year 1780 j and to assure His Majesty-that this House will make good the fame.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after " 1780," these Words, " and that His Majesty will, at the dime Time, be " graciously pleased to direct the Commissioners for " Trade and Plantations, to take into their Consideration the Manner in which the said Money may be applied to the Purposes only for which it was " granted, and give their Directions to the Com* " mittee of the Company of Merchants trading to " Africa accordingly

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa," might be read.

And the feme was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That those Words be there Inferred;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth-

Tellers for the Yca.J'|r- (Mr. Carey:

| 20.

Tellers for the Xoes.f

(Mr . HuJJ

So it was resolved.in the Affirmative.

Tiien the main Question, so amended, being put; fiejo/ved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds 'to be issued, and employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of,

for the Year 1780; and that His Majesty will, at the feme Time, be graciously pleased to direct the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to take into their Consideration the Manner in which the said Money may be applied to the Purposes only for which it was granted, and give their Directions to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa accordingly; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty s most honourable Privy Council.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty, for a limited " Time, to call cut and assemble the Militia in all " Cafes of Rebellion, within this Realm of Great tain, or any of the Dominions thereunto belonging; " and to summon the Parliament in the Cafes and " Manner therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was rpade, and the Question being proposed, That ap humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to express- the deep Concern His faithful Commons feel, for the Series of Disappointments and calamitous Events that have attended the American War:

That, impressed with the Duty they owe to the Public in their Capacity of a National Inquest, they have been some Time engaged in Endeavours to investigate the causesof fuel) Misfortunes.

Vol. 37.

449

That in the Progress of their Enquiry, much important Matter has appeared respecting the deliberative and the executive Conduct of the War; that the Part of the Examination immediately before them promises Discoveries into many other Objects that it may be highly essential to lay before His Majesty, in order to enable His Majesty to form a just Judgment upon past Measures, and to assist His future Councils:

That an Interruption in their Proceeding, at the present Crisis, would not only defeat these great and necessary Purposes, but also would be subversive of the Justice due to Characters of Persons in great Office among His Majesty’s confidential Servants, and others of High Rank in His Army, which (land at present committed by contradictory Evidence in Matter of Opinion, and by obscure, because imperfect. Evidence, in Matter of Fact;

For these Reasons, and others, that are but too dif-jjoftly pointed out by the Exigencies of the Time, they humbly implore His Majesty, not to prorogue the Parliament before the present Enquiry shall be finished; and they beg leave to assure His Majesty, that they will chearfully forego all Consideration of the private Benefits and Comforts of a Recess, to prosecute a Duty highly conducive to the public Satisfaction, and in the Course of which Lights may be received of the utenoft Importance to the Policy, if not to the Salvation, of the State:

A Motion was made, and the Question proposed, That the Orders of the Day be now read;

Which Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to express the deep Concern His faithful Commons feel, for the Series of Disappointments and calamitous Events that have attended the American War;

That, impressed with the Duty they owe to the Public in their Capacity of a National Inquest, they Mve been some Time engaged in Endeavours to investigate the Causes of such M isfertunes:

That, in the Progress of their Enquiry, much important Matter has appeared respecting the deliberative and the executive Conduct of the War; that the Part of the Examination immediately before them promises Discoveries into many other Objects that it may be highly essential to lay before His Majesty, in order to enable His Majesty to form a just Judgment upon past Measures, and to assist his future Councils:

That an Interruption in their Proceeding, at the present Crisis, would not only defeat these great and necessary Purposes, bur also would be subversive of the Justice due to Characters of Persons in great Office among His Majesty’s confidential Servants, and others of high Rank in his Army, which fiand at present committed by contradictory Evidence in Matter of Opinion, and by obscure, because imperfect, Evidence, in Matter of Fast:

For these Reasons, and others, that are but too distinctly pointed out by the Exigencies of the Time, they humbly implore His Majesty, not to prorogue the Parliament before the present Enquiry shall be finished; and they beg Leave to assure His Majesty, that they will chearfully forego all Consideration of the private Benefits and Comforts of a Recess, to prosecute a Duty highly conducive to the Public Satisfaction, and in the Course of which Lights may be received of the utmost Importance to the Policy, if not to the Salvation, of the State:

The House divided.

_ The Yeas went forth.

_ „' . , CMr. Thomas Townshend, \ „

Tellers for the Yeas^Mr £^. j 7°-

rr. „ r L XT fMr. 'fovsnshend,

Tellers'for the Noes,^M^ J 14

So it passed in the Negative.

5 Y Tb«

45° i5° — i6'

The Orders of the Day being read: r.ipers ht fiived, That this House will, To-morfow Morn-Arnr u an *nP> reiufve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Affair*. to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. De Grey, upon the 19th Day of March last, pursuanf to their Address to Hi's Majesty.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

Oyster Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

Fisheries. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Protest ion of Oyster Fisheries, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

And then the House adjourned till -To-morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

’ Junii. 4.17-a.

4 4.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Jennings Clerke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint- them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. - - . '

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, and Mr.

Montana

-: O.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to -the reia^‘'t Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishmehf, Trmasport of certain Offenders; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration. '

And the said Amendments were read , and are a« followeth; viz.

Mercurii, 16° die Junii;

Anno 19* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

Journal*; HP H E Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, and J. That their Address of Yesterday (that His Ma-

Ajncan jesty would be graciously pleased to Order the Sum of

et emenu. gevcn hun(jre(]s Pounds to be advanced to John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session; and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be incurred, on Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the lame; and also, the Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds, to be issued, and employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1780; and that His Majesty would, at the same -Time, be graciously pleased to direct the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to take into their Consideration the Mariner in which the said Money may be applied to the Purposes only for which it was granted, and give their Directions to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa accordingly; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will "make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty, and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

Pumergue’* The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Divorce. a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Francois , with Ann Ca-

therine, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Phi lip Jennings Clerke took, the Chair of the Com- -

mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sip Philip Jennings Clerke reported from the Committee, That they had heard. Counsel, and examined Wit- -giefles, for the said Bill.; and that no Counsel or-Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: ^.nd' he delivered' the: Bill in at -thg Clerk’s Table.

Arid the said Bill was read the Third Tape.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

%Q

Pr. 1. I. 11. After " the" leave out " pilling of " this Act;" and insert " first Day " Of July One thousand Seven hundred And Seventy-nine."

Pr. 6. 1. 4. [ Leave out " on or before the Twenty-

and< " fourth Day of June next after " the passing of this Act."

Pr. 23. 1. 35. After " or" insert " the County of " Middlesex, or during the Assizes."

Pr. 24. 1. 20. After " Law" insert " on Account M of any other Crime."

Pr. 25.. 1. 40. After " Martyr" insert " in the Year " of our Lord One thousand Seven " hundred and Seventy-nine, or at " any Adjournment of the same " Sessions."

Pr. 26. 1. 14. After " the" leave out " passing of " this Act," and insert " First Day " of July One thousand Seven hun-. " dred and Seventy-nine.

1. *1. After "or" insert " for the Royal " Franchise of Ely, or at." -Pr. 27. 1. 28. After " Peace" leave out " of" and insert " for."

1. 36. After " Years" insert " or in same " such Offender shall be liable lb " be transported for Fourteen Years,

" not exceeding Seven Years."

Pr. 61. 1. 8. After " by" leave out " another

" Act," and insert " Two susbequent Acts, the One."

1. 10. After Majesty" insert " and the " other in this present Session of " Parliament."

I.- 11. After " of" leave out " June,'* and insert " July."

1. 12. After " shall" leave out " from and " immediately after the passing of *' this Act, be, and the same is " hereby repealed, except."

1. 18. After " said" leave out " Aft" and insert " Acts."

1. 20. After " Aft" leave out "and that " with regard to the respective " Terms of Confinement of fucU " Offender?, the said Act; shall." '*

1. 27. After find" leave out " Act," and insert " Acts."

1. *9. After " notwithstanding" leave out " but" and inferf " lave only " that." ‘

1. 31. After " the" leave out " passing of " this Act," ind insert " said First " Day of

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

19 G£q. III.

16° — 17° fund.

45

Ordered, That Sir Charles Btunhury do carjry the Bill _ to the Lords; and acqaaint them* that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

nmittee A Motion was made, and the Question was pyoposed, nthe That this House will immediately, resolve ittelf into a. c of the Committee of the whole House, to take into Conlide-auon' ration -the State of the Nation.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn. '

Jovis 170 junii;

Anno 19* Georgii mrU Regis, 1779.

Mrican

Trade.

The House was moved, That the Petition of John Bonrke and John Barnes, Members of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, which was presented to the House upon the 23d Day of May 1777, might be read.

And the fame-was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Refqlutions, which, upon the 30th Day of May 1777, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, tc whom it was referred to consider further of the Return from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to the honourable House of Commons,: in Confcqu^qce of the Ad-drefs4of the said House to His Majesty, of the 29th. Day of January 1777, relating to, the- General. State of the Trade to Africa, the Condition of the Forts_ andt Settlements there belonging to the African Company, and in what Manner the several Sums pt Money, granted . by Parliament for maintaining and supporting the (lime, have been applied, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Committee who are appointed to consider of the State of the African Trade, and of the most effectual Means for the better regulating, maintaining, and extending the (ante, do Tomorrow Morning report, to this House ti e Evidence that has been received by them on the Matters referred to the said Committee.

It passed in the Negative.

Fees of Clerks

Ordered, That the Clerks of Assize of the several Circuits of England, do prepare, in order to be laid Affue, before this House early in the next Session of Parlia-

*c. ment, Lists of the Fees, Perquisites, and other Emo-

luments of Office, claimed and usually taken by them, and also by the Clerks of the Arraigns, and by the Alibciatcs, in (heir respective Circuits.

American Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hoyfe Aitairs. to reyove itfjf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. De Grey, upon the 19th Day of March last, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

The House refoived it felt into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr . Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he. was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again. -

Resolved, That this Bolife will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve jtself into a Committee of die whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered . to attend the said Committee this Day, do ;attend the said Committee upon Friifiy Morning next.

And then- the -House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,.Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 37.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E by.Sir Frauds Gentleman

Uftier of the Blacjc-Rad: .

Mr. Speaker, .

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s RovaI AfrenC Commission for declaring His Royal A (Tent to several to Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the imnie-diate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with’ the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to ihe several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Arch-bishop, of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor ;of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop o {Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to Hi's Majesty several additional Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and for better securing the Stamp Duties upon Indentures;, Leases, Deeds, and other Instruments.

An Act for repealing the Duties on all inhabited Houses, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon all inhabited Houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said Act; and also for amending so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as impoies a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned:

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine:

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by . Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One th rnfand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine:

An Act for the further Augmentation of the Sa'a-ries of the Puisne Justices of the Court ol King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, at Westminster:

An Act for altering, amending, and enforcing, lo much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences " to be taken out by all Persons acting as Audioneers,

" and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses,

" Goods, and other Things, fold 'by Auction, and " upon Indentures,. Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other t% Instruments,"'as relates to the Method granting Licences to Audioneers, and to the colledrng the Duties on Estates and Goods sold by Auction.

An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

' An Act for the more effectually preventing the pernicious Practices of Smuggling in rhts Kingdom; and for.indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Of-

'. , - fences

45* 170 Junii. ^.1779.

Royal Assent fences against the Laws of the Customs and Excise, Parish of Pebwotth, in the County of Gen-

£*„ upon the Terms therein mentioned s tlemaii, for Charitable Uses, to grant Building Leases

1 ’ An Act to permit the Removal of Lime, and other thereof t

Articles necessary for, the Improvement of Land, with- An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the out Cocquet or Bond: several Whole Year Lands,. Common Fields, Hair Year

An Act for continuing in the Possession of the United Lands, Shack Meadows and Heaths, and other Corn-

Company of Merchants of England trading to the Enjl mons, Wade and Commonable Lands, within the Pa-

Indies, for a limited Time, and under certain Condi- rish of Darjinghom, otherwise Derfingham, in the County

tions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately of Norfolk

obtained in the Raft Indies; and for continuing, for An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or a limited Time, so much of an Act, made in the Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lord-Thirteenth Year of tltje Reign" of "His present Majesty, ship of in the Parish oiMorland, in the County

intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regula- of Westmoreland:

" tions for the better Management of the Affairs of the An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain " East India Company, as well in India as in Europe," Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and as will expire in the Course of the present Year: other Commonable Lands, Meadows, and Waste Lands,

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the within the Parish. of , in the County of Wilts:

more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty’s An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Navy: Whole Year Lands and Breeks, Common Fields, Half

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Ma- Year Lands and Heaths, and Common*, and Common-jesty’s Treasury, to compound a Debt due to the Crown, able and W'afte Lands, within the Parish of from James Gildart and his Sureties; and for vesting in the County of Norfolk (

the Estates of the said James Gildart in Francis Gildart An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or and Thomas Gildart; and for other Purposes therein Waste Grounds within the Township of Cranage, in the mentioned: County Palatine of

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Compassed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late mons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Hajland,

Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and wi- in the County of Derby:

dening the Roads from Spann Smithy, in the Townlliipof' An Act to confirm and establish the Division and Elton, through the Town’of Middlezvich, and by Spit- Allotment of certain Commons or Forests, and Waste tie Hill, in Stanthorn,' to Winsford Bridge; and from Lands, within the Parish of , in the County of

Spittle Hill to the Town of Northwich, in tqe County Nottingham:

Palatine of Chester; An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

An Act for reviving and continuing the Term, and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-varying the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty- tures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within '

ninth Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, the Parish and Manor of Taplow, in the county of,

and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Buckingham:

Market House, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Seaty, in the County of Salop, and for amending and keeping with Ann his now Wife; and to-enable him

' in Repair the Road leading from the Turnpike or Side to marry again; and for other Purposes therein men-Gate, in the Parish of Ashford BowdTer, to the Turn- tioned:

pike Road on the Clee Hill, in the laid‘County: An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Bailey -

An Act for enlarging the Term of_ari Act, passed in Heath , Esquire, with the Right honourable Lady > »

the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for Elizabeth Birmingham, his now Wife; and to enable 81

building a Temporary Bridge over the River Tyne be- him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein tween the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and Gateshead, mentioned:

in the County of Durham, for’ compleating the new An Act- to dissolve the Marriage of Charles -Stone Bridge over the said River, and for making the feild, with Ann Broom, his now Wife; and to enable him Avenues to, and the Passage over, the same more com- to marry again; and for other Purposes therein men-modious: tioned:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from Account; late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the prohibited

Cirencesterto the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented

Rodborough Hill which leads to Dudbridge-, and also the to the House, pursuant to their Order, re n

Road leading from Cirencester towards Biftey, so far as - An Account of the Exports from that Part of Great the Bottom of Gulph Hill-, all in the County of Great Britain called , since Chr ift mas 1762, of all the

after: Articles prohibited to be exported from Ireland, parti*

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, cularly Cottons plain, mixed, and stained, Checques, passed in the Thirty-ftrft Year of the Reign of his late and stained Linens, Shoes, and Leather of all Sorts,

Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and wi- Hats, Narrow and Mixed Woollen, Broad Cloaths white dening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of and dyed. Stockings, and Glass; distinguishing the . Gloucester, to Crick/ade, in the County of Wilts; ' Countries to which the same have been exported.

An Act for confirming, and carrying into Execution, And then he withdrew, an Award touching certain Questions and Disputes be- And the Title of the fifid Account was read,

tween the Right honourable Edward Lord Beaulieu and Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Ta-

Isabella Lady Beaulieu his Wife, and the Moll noble ble, to be perused by the Members of the House.

’ George Duke of Montagu, Henry Duke of Buccleugh, and The laid Account is preserved amongst the other

Elizabeth Duchels of Buccleugh his Wife, and the Right Papers of this Session.

honourable Charles William, eldest Son of the said

Duke and, Duchels of Buccleugh, commonly called Earl The Lord North acquainted the House, That he M of Dalkeith: ’ , . had a Message from His Majesty to this House, frotnt*e

. An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Estates situ- signed. by His Majesty; and he pirel'entqd the same to Kino -,

ate in the Parishes of Saint Mary Redcliffe and Saint the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the War with - ~ . - Thomas, os One of them, in the City of B rift of, given Members of the House being-uncovered) and is as foU by Thomas Eden the Elder, late of Broadmarfton, in the loweth;

GEORGE

Papers

ref;*ft:ng the War with Spain*

1.9 Geq. III. 170 453

GEORG £ R,

The Ambassador of the King of Spain having delivered a Paper to Lord Viscount and signi-

fied that be has received Orders from his Court immediately to withdraw from this Country; His Majesty has judged »t necessary to direct a Copy of that Paper to be laid before the House of Commons, as a Matter of the highest Importance to His Crown and People» and His Majesty acquaints them, at the same Time, that He has found Himself obliged, in Consequence of this hostile. Declaration* to recall His Ambassador from frjadrid.

His Majesty declares, in the most solemn Manner, that His Ddire to preserve and to cultivate Peace and friendly Intercourse with the Court of Spain, has been uniform and sincere; and that His Conduct toward? that Power has been guided by no other Motives or Principles than those of good Faith, Honour, and Justice: And His Majesty lees, with the greater Surprize, the Pretences on which this Declaration is grounded, as tome of the Grievances enumerated in that Paper have never come to the Knowledge of His Majesty, either by Reprdentation on the Part of the Catholic King, or by Intelligence from any other Quarter; and, in all those Cafes where Applications have been received, the Matter of Complaint has been treated with the utmost Attention, and put into a Course of Enquiry and Re-dress.

His Majesty has the firmest Confidence* that His faithful Commons will, with that Zeal and public Spirit whiduHe has so often experienced, support His Majesty ni His Resolutiou to exert all the Power and all the Resources of the Nation to refill: and repel any hostile Attempts of the Court of and that, by the Bkffing of God on the Rectitude of His Intentions and the Equity of His Cause, His Majesty will be able to withstand and to defeat the unjust and dangerous En-terprizes of His Enemies against the Honour of His Crown, and the Commerce, the Rights, and the Common Interests of all His Subjects.

R.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His

M; ijesty’s Command,

Copy of a Paper delivered to Lord Viscount Weymouth, by Marquis d' Almodovar, the 16th 1779; and Transiation.

And the Titles of the said Copy and Transiation were read.

And the find Transiation was a!so read.

The laid Copy is preferred amongst the other Papers of tins SifTion; and the said Transiation is as followeth; viz.

All the World has been Witness to the noble Impartially of the King, in the Midst of the Disputes of the Court of London with its American Colonies and with France. Ik Tides which. His Majesty having learned that His powerful Mediation was detired, generously made an Offer of it, which was accepted by the Belligerent Powers; and for this Motive only, a ship of War was lent on the Part of His Britannic Majesty to one of the Ports of Spain. The King has taken the most energetic Steps, and such as ought to have produced the most EtFecft, to bring these Powers to an Accommodation, equally honourable to both Parties; proposing for this End, wife Expedients for smoothing Difficulties, and preventing the Calamities of War: But, although His Majesty’s Propolltions and particularly tho'e of his matum, have been conformable to those which at other Times the Court of London it Tell bad appeared to judge proper for an Accommodation, and which were also quite as moderate, they have been rejected in a Manner that fully proves the little Desire which the Ca-

binet has to restore Peace to Eand to preserve the King’s Friendship. In Effect, the Conduct of that Ca-

Vol. 37.

binet, with regard to His Majesty, during the whole Course of tire Negociation, has had for its Object to prolong it for more than Eight Months, either by vain Pretences, or by Anftvers, which could not be more in?-conclusive; whilst in this Interval the Insults on the Spanish Flag, and the Violation of the King’s Territories, were carried on to an incredible Excels. — -Prizes have been made. Ships have been searched and plundered, a great Number of them have been fired upon, which have beeq obliged to defend themselves; the Registers have been opened and torn in Pieces, and even the Packets of the Court found on board the King’s Packet Boats,

The Dominions of the Crown in America have been threatened, and they have gone to the dreadful Extremity of railing the Indian Nations, called the , Che-

roquies, and Chicacbas, against the innocent Inhabitants of Louisiana; who would have been the Victims of the

Rage of thele Barbarians, if the Chatcas themselves had not repented, and revealed all that the Seduction of the EngHJh had planned. — The Sovereignty of His Majesty in the Province of Darien3 and on the Coast of St. Bias, has been usurped; the Governor of Jamaica having granted to a Rebel Indian, the Commission of Captain General of those Provinces. — In short, the Territory of the Bay of Honduras; has been recently violated, by exercising Acts of Hostility, and other Excesses, against the Spaniards;who have been imprisoned; and

whole Houses have been invaded: Besides which, the Court of Londont has hitherto neglected to accomplish, what the 16th Article of the laftTreaty of Paris ftipu-lated, relative to that Coast.

Grievances so numerous, so weighiy, and recent, have been at different Times the Object of Complaints, made in the King’s Name, and ilated in Memorials which were delivered, either to the British Ministers at London, or transmitted to them through the Channel of the EngHJh Am ballad or at Madrid; But although the Answers which were received have been friendly, His Majesty has hitherto obtained no other Satisfaction, than to see the Insults repeated; which lately have amounted to the Number of One hundred.

The King, proceeding with the Sincerity and Candour which characterize him, has formally declared to the Court of London, from the Commencement of its Disputes with France, that the Conduct of England should be the Rule of that which Spain would hold.

His Majesty likewise declared to that Court, that at the Time their Differences with that of Paris might be accommodated, it would be absolutely necessary to regulate those which had arisen, or might still arile, with Spain iand in the Plan of Mediation which was sent to

the underwritten Ambassador the 28th of last September, and which was by him delivered to the British Mini-ftry in the Beginning of October (a Plan of which Lord

Grantham was apprized, and of which he received a Copy)

His Majesty declared, in positive Terms, to the Belligerent Powers, that, in Consideration of the Insults which his fuhjects and Dominions had suffered, and likewise of the attempts levelled against His Rights,

He should be under the Necessity of taking His Party, in case either the Negociation, instead of being continued with Sincerity, should be broken off*, or should produce no EffeCf.

The Causes of Complaint given by the Court of London not having ceased, and that Court shewing no Disposition to give Reparation for them, the King has resolved, and orders His Ambassador to declare, that the Honour of His Crown, the Protection which He owes to His Subjects, and His own personal Dignity, do not permit Him to fuller their Infufts to continue, and to neglect any longer the Reparation of those already received; and that, in this View, notwithstanding the pacific Dispositions of His Majesty, and even the particular Inclination He has always had and expressed for cultivating the Friendship of His Britannic Majesty,

5 Z He

454

He finds Himself in the disagreeable Necessity of Making use of all the Means which the Almighty has intruded him with, to obtain that Justice which He has solicited by so many Ways without being able to acquire. In confiding on the Justice of His Cause, His Majesty hopes, that the Consequences of this Resolution will not be imputed to Him, before God or Man; and that other Nations will form a Suitable Idea of this Resolution, by comparing it to the Conduct which they themselves have experienced on the Part of the British Ministry.

London, 16 June 1779.

(Signed)

Lt Marquis

Addref* Resolved, Nemine Contract, That an humble Ad-on the drels be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majes-Kinj’sMeffJS*. ty the Thanks of this House, for the Communication of the Paper delivered to Lord Viscount: Weymouth by the Ambafi'ador of the King of Spain, which we cannot butconfider as a Matter of the highest Importance to His Majesty’s Crown and People; and for acquainting us, that in Consequence of this hostile Declaration,

His Majesty has found himself obliged to give Orders to His Ambafi'ador to withdraw from that Court:

Toaflure His Majesty, that among the many Proofs we have received of His Majesty’s constant Care and Concern for the Safety and Happiness of His People,

His Majesty’s Declaration of His sincere Ddire to preserve and to cultivate Peace and friendly Intercourse with the Court of Spain, cannot fail to inspire us with the highest Sentiments of Gratitude and Attachment; and that, animated by His Majesty’s Example, we will, with unshaken Fidelity and Resolution, and with our Lives and Fortunes, stand by and support His Majesty in redding and repelling all the hostile Designs and Attempts of His Enemies against the Honour of His Crown, and the Rights and Common Interests of all His Subjects.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution.

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord North, Lord John Cavendish, Lord George Germain, the Lord Beauchamp, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Grey Cooper, the Lord We'd cote, Mr. Attorney General, Mr, Rigby, Mr. Robinfun, the Earl Nugent, Mr. Ellis, the Lord Teentham, Mr. Eden, the Lord Mr.

Secretary at War, Mr. Hariley, or any Five of them; and they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Message to this House be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Paper delivered to Lord Viscount Weymouth by the Marquis D'Almodovar he loth June 17795 and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

The Lord North reported from the Committee, appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your' Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, return our humble Thanks to Your Majesty, for the Communication of the Paper delivered to Lord Viscount Weymouth by the Ambafi'ador of the King of Spain, which we cannot but consider as a Matter of the highest Importance so Your Majesty’s Crown and People; a°d for acquainting us, that, in Conlcqurnce of this hostile Declaration, Your Majesty has found Tourlelf o'ohgtd

A. 1779.*"

to give Orders to Your Ambassador to withdraw from that Court.

Among the many Proofs we have received of Your Majesty’s constant Care and Concern for the Safety and Happiness of Your People, Your Majesty’s Decla-tion of Your sincere Desire to preserve and to cultivate Peace and friendly Intercourse with the Court of Spain cannot fail to inspire us with the highest Sentiments of Gratitude and Attachment: And we beg Leave to allure Your Majesty, that, animated by Your Majesty’s Example, we will, with unlhaken Fidelity and Reio-lution, and with our Lives and Fortunes, stand by and support Your Majesty in resisting and repelling all the hostile Designs and Attempts of Your Enemies against the Honour of Your Crown, and the Rights and Common Interests of all Your Subjects.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine contraJicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure when He will be attended by this House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion for posed. That an humble Address be presented to His Address Majesty, that His Majesty will give immediate Orders so to collect and dispose His Fleets and Armies as may MUjtiry

enable His Majesty to exert the whole Force of this force.

Country against the united Powers of the House of Bourbon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j

rr.t, r. \ Lord John

Tellers for the Noes,jMr

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till To morrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 18* die yunii;

Anno 190 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1779.

Praters.

rTHHE Lord Hinchir.gbrook reported from the House, Time JL That His Majesty having been waited upon (pu?- aPPomtet^or; suant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Addrefi? Majesty’s Pieaiurc when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, at his Palace of Saint James.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to General His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to ln^x order the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds Journal, to be advanced to Mr. Henry Hughs, towards further defraying the Expence of printing One t houland Five hundred Copies of the General Index to the Journals of this House and to a (T ire His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Rejb.v.'d, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to order the Sum ot Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to Mr. Timothy Cunningham, in further Part of his Payment

17° — jS' jputtii.

Atrfrican

Mat*.

The King’s Aof*cr to Audress.

Supply Hill;

|£«>COo, OOOO.

Supply Pill;

Sailtuj- Fund.

A»ljo\.r.iiOcTir.

Lift of Persons Co ;i lined for Debt.

merican

ltfairs.

19 Geo. III. i8* — 21* 455

mem for his Pain*, Trouble, and Expence, in compiling a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the lame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by Inch Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read.

Rojolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, resolve itlelt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. De Grey, upon the 19th Day of March iaft, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Half an Hour after Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

Post Meridi 'em,

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty, this Day, with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

This unanimous and afftCHonate Address affords Me the trileft Satisfaction, and demands My particular Thanks; The zealous and firm Support of My faithful Commons, at this important Crisis, must give the greatest Weight and effect to My Exertions of the National Force. I can entertain no Fear of the Designs or the Enterprizes of My Enemies, whilst I Hand at the Head of a free, brave, and united People.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Earns and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Mil lion, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And al'o,

The Lords have ngretd to the Bill, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the-Service of the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment.

And then the Mcllcngers withdrew.

Revived, That this House will, at tire Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be prepared, irr order to be laid

before this House in the next Session of Parliament,-Lists of the Nauife of all the Persons who, shall be confined for Debt, on the ill Day of next, in the several Prisons within the Kingdom of Great Britain; duUrguiiliing whether such Persons are so confined in Execution, or upon Melne Process, and Ipetifying the particular Sums for which such Persons are charged aspectively, and the Times when they were firstcom-

Means of quieting the Disorders now subsisting in certain of the Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces; in North America.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put; That the Order made this Day; for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, this Afternoon, to consider further of the several Paper* which were presented to the House by Mr. De , upon the 19th Day of March last, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tt-ller, for the Yea,. } 59

Tellers for the Noes, ffi,*, } 2<‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee That they had made a further Progress in the Matter* to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may haye Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House, having continued to fit till near One of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 21° die Junii;

Anno 190 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1779. Prayers.

THE Lord Flinching brook reported to the House, That their Addresses of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One Thousand Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to Mr. Henry Hughs, towards further defraying the Expence of printing One thousand Five hundred Copies of the General Index to the Journals of this House; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same; and also (he Sum of Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to Mr. Timothy Cunningham, in further Part of his Payment for his Pains, Trouble, and Expence, in compiling a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons; and to af-lure His Majesty, that this House will make good the lame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desiredbythe laid Addresses.

General

Index

to

Journal*.

mi tied*

Ordered, That the said Order be sent to the Sheriffs A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Augmenting of the several Counties of Great Britain-, and that poled, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for l} Copies of the same be transmiwcd by them to the augmenting the Militia; Militia.

Gaolors and Keepers or all the Frifons where Debtors The House was moved, That the last Paragraph of are usually confined, within their respective Counties. His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of

Parliament, upon the 26th Day of October 1775, might A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- be read, poled. That Leave be jiven to bring in a Bill to ena- And the same being read accordingly;

ble His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, with luffi- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BUI

cient Powers to treat, consult, and agree, upon the augmenting the Militia; And that the Lord , the You 37. Lord

45*

ai° — aa° — 23° — 24® Junii.

A- r 779,

Augmenting

the

Militia.

American Affair 1.

Lord Beauchamp, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill, for augmenting the Militia: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Revived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon 7 Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. De Grey, upon the 19th Day of March last, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 22° die Junii j Anno 19* Georgii III"' Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

I 'HE Bill for augmenting the Militia was, accord-

Augmenting ing to Orcler, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rehived, That the Bill be commuted to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mercurii, 2 3* die;

Anno 19* Georgii III*" Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

THE House, according to Order, resolved itself Aujjirwinj into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Mj^ Bill for augmenting the Militia.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair;

The Lord Clive took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Clive reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pteale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

the

Militia.

Motion for Papers respecting

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, f that He will be graciously plealed to give directions, kb SpaimT that there be laid before this House, Copies, or Extracts, of all Letters, Memorials, and Answers, and of all other Papers containing any Information respecting the Mediation which the Marquis D* in

his Rcfcipt of the 16th of June Instant, declares to have been desired of the Court of Spain, relative to the Disputes of the Court of London with its American Colonies and with France, and which he declares at the same Time to have been accepted by the Belligerent Powers, that His faithful Commons may take the same into their jnoft serious Consideration, and give to His Majesty their Advice accordingly;

It palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for removing certain Difficulties with respect to the more speedy and effectual Manning of His Majesty’s Navy, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Sir Grey Cooper, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for removing certain Difficulties with respect to the more speedy and effectual Manning of His Majesty’s Navy, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

And the House having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on Thw/daj Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Jovis, 24* die Junii;

Anno 19* Georgii III*" Regis, 1779.

Manning of the Navy.

Mining

Ditto.

Motion

refjjcfling

American

Affair?.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, with sufficient Pbwers to treat, confjult, and agree, upon the Means of quieting the Disorders npw subsisting in certain of the Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces in North America;

ft passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Militia.

Prayers.

rpHE Lord Clive, according to Order, reported A^mentinj A from the Committee of the whole House, to lft* whom the Bill for augmenting the Militia, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Clause (B) being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (B), the next Amendment made by the Commitiee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding at the End thereof these Words " except such Volunteer Companies as shalf be raised,

" by

19 Geo. III. .24° — 290 — 30 ' 457

{ 1

by virtue of this Act, who shall continue to serve " during the Term of Three Years, if the present " War with France and Spain shall so long continue."

And the said Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Clause;

It passed in the Negative.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the.Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for training the Inhabitants of the City of London.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then an Amendment was made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for removing certain Difficulties Manning with respect to the more speedy and effectual Manning of the of his Majesty’s Navy, fora Time to be limited, was Navy-read the Third Time. .

Resolved, Tha^ the Bill) do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for removing certain Difficulties wit In nefpeft to the more speedy and effectual Manning of His Majesty’s Navy, for a limited Time. .

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Morning

next. Ten of the Clock.

Mar its, 2 90 d;

Anno 19* Georgii III'" Regis, 1779.

Manning Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Navy to ref°^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon' th^ Bill for removing certain Difficulties with respect to the more speedy and effectual Manning of His Majesty‘s Navy, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.' Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-' mfcnts theretmto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That she Report b6 now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee; the Amendments Which the Committee had made'to the Bill; and which they had directed hiiyi to report to the House; and he read the Report' iri his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughoutand then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered Thai the Bill,"’ with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

AffikirL" Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. De Grey, upon the 19th

Day of March last,' pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, be ndw read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning'next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That" the several Persons; who were ordered ' to attend the said Committee; this Day, do attend the said Committee upon TuefMorning next.

Prayers.

'HE House met.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Me rcur ii,30° die ’Junii;

i >'

The House niftecs; and

adjourns.

Anno 190 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1779.

Pr A

YERS.

the Militia.

Augmenting An ingrossed ‘Till for augmenting the Militia, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. ult. After ‘‘ Eighty" to insert " Two."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended ait the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act ‘for augmenting the Militia.

Ordered, That Sir 'Grey 'Cooper do carry the Bill to 'the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

VOL. 37.

A MESSAGE by Sir FrancisMolyncux, Gentle- Royal man Usher of the Black Rod: Attk°t

Mr. Speaker,. .

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent, to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of, this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Cooirniffion read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

' And being returned;

Mr. Speaker Reported, Tjiat the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized- by krrtue.of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Af-sent to the several Public Bills, and One Private! Bill, therein mentioned; and also impowering tire Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council,

the Lord, I^rivy-Seal, and-several odiefl Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Affen| to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord JiighCMoCfiUor..of JGrea}._BriuiirusixA ..the.. Lord herfi, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declarorand pptify the. Royal-Assent to the said Bills; which Bilfeuire as followeth; viz'.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: .-r

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the -Sinking Fund ;< and -fdr applying certain Monies, therein mentioned* fed the -Sendee of the Year One thousand Seven hundrted’ And Seventy-jiipe.* and ifof futther appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act to explain, amend, and render more cffec-

6 A tuaU

45 8

30° Junii.

Julii,

J.

779.

Manning of the Navy.

tual, the several Laws now in being relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom-, and for making certain Provisions relative to the Fencible Men, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent frivolous and " vexatious Arrests and for other Purposes:

An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment, of certain Offenders *.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Francois Dumergue, with Ann Catherine, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; for other Purposes.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Hett.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for removing certain Difficulties, with respect to the more speedy and effectual Manning of His Majesty's Navy, for a limited Time; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment into Consideration.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. io. After the Word " Nine" insert " Provided nevertheless, That the Sufipension of the above-mentioned " Acts, so far as they relate to Persons serving on Board of Ships " and Vessels employed in the Coal " Trade, shall not continue longer " than One Calendar Month, to " be computed from the Sixteenth " Day of June aforesaid."

The laid Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon - the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellis do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, i* die Julii; Anno 19* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1779. Praters.

The House ^J^HE House met.

meets; and adjoums,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 2° die Julii;

Anno 19* Georgii III1" Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Hett:

Mr. Speaker, j

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Aa

the

Militia.

Act for augmenting the Militia; with some Amend- Auamentbj ments; to which the Amendments the Lords dcfiie the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Amendments be now taken into Consideration;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, ." An Act to amend " and render more effectual the Laws relating to the " railing and training of the Militia, within that Part " of Great Britain called England; and to establish " certain Regulations, with respect to Officers serving " in the Corps of Fencible Men, directed to be raised " irt that Part of Great Britain called , and

li certain other Corps therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 2 d Day of in the last Session of Parliament of the Proceedings of the House upon taking into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and render more eff.ftual the Laws relating to the raising and training of the Militia, within that Put of Great Britain called England-, and to eitabhar certain Regulations, with respect to Officers serving in the Corps of Fencible Men, directed to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other Corps therein mentioned, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That the said Amendments be now taken into Consideration;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

m I r .1 V- \ The Lord Beauchamp, 7

Tellers for the Yeas, |The Earl L]Jhnrne . J

mu c u xr S Sir AdamFerguJJ'on, ?

Tellers for the Noes, j Mr J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative

The House proceeded to take. the said Amendments into Consideration

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

After " augmented " inlert " And " whereas, by an Act passed in the " last Session of Parliament, intitilled, " An Act to amend ' " and render more effectual the " Laws relating to the railing and " training of the Militia, within " that Part of Great Britain called

" England; and to establish certain " Regulations, with respect to Officers serving in the Corps of " Fencible Men, directed to be " raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain " other Corps therein mentioned,"

" It is Enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of His Majesty’s Lieutenants to authorrize the Acceptance of any Number of Volunteers, in any.Regiment or Battalion of Militia, and " to appoint Officers to command " such Volunteers, provided the " Number of such Volunteers does " not exceed the Complement of " any One Company in any such " Regiment or Battalion: And " whereas it may be expedient " further to extend the Provisions of the said Act, with re

11 fp eft

64.

45-

Pr. 1 1.

17-

lisVeard

Writ.

19 Geo. III.

2° — 30 Julii.

" fjpeft to the railing Volunteer " Companies in the Militia Forces " of this Kingdom."

1. 23. Leave out from the Word " Aft" to the Word " if," in Press 4, Line

Pr. 4.1. 34. After " to’* leave out " recommend," and insert " appoint."

Pr. 4.1. 34. After " Officers" leave out " for His Majesty’s Approbation."

1. 35. After " accordingly" insert " and " shall certify to His Majesty, His " Heirs or Successors, the Names " and Ranks of such Officers, " within One Month after they " shall be so appointed; and in " case His Majesty, His Heirs or " Successors, shall, within One " Month after such Certificate laid " before His Majesty, His Heirs " or Successors, ngnify His or their " Disapprobation of any Person to "be such Officer in the Militia, " His Majesty’s Lieutenant shall " not grant a Commission to such " Person, but shall grant Commflions to such Persons so appointed " who shall not be disapproved of " by His Majesty, His Heirs or " Successors, as aforesaid."

1. 45. After " Kingdom" insert Clause (Ah

Clause (A). " And be it Enacted, That when "any such Companies of Volun*

" teers shall be added to any ltegiment, such Addition shall not " make it necessary to separate " such Regiment into Two Battalions, but such Regiment shall " remain and continue One Regiment."

Pr. 5. 1. 10. After " additional" leave out " Numbers," and insert " Volunteer Companies,

1. 17. After " Aft" insert Clause (B).

Clause (B). " And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all " Volunteer Companies, which shall " be raised in pursuance of this " Act shall be- reduced and dissolved whenever the Militia of " the Counties, Ridings, and Places " in which such Companies shalLbe " raised shall be disembodied, or "at such earlier Period as His Majesty shall signify His Pleasure to " reduce such Companies."

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Amendments be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, GreyT* } S'-

Tellers for the Noes, jg!' Mawbey: } *3- '

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The laid Amendments were accordingly severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

459

liament for the Borough of L in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Edward , Esquire,

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Lanark the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for vVm.

the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Lanerk, in the room of Andrew Stuart, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

'it'goir

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Lin! the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ’, the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this pieient Parliament for the Shire of Linlithgow, in the room of Sir William Augujhis Cunyngham, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of One of the Clerks Comptrollers of His Majesty’s Houshold.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Edinhmgk the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ,

the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Edinbu, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Dundas, who, fi.ice his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Keeper of the Signet for Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this preieut i ..r-liament for the Borough of Truro, in the C r.r.ty of Corinvaii, in the room of Gascoyne, Elqu'uc,

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissionci :-for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

T'-rO

Wra.

Sabbati, 30 die 'Julii;

Anno 190 Georgii liru Regis 1779. Prayers.

A MESS AGE from His Majesty, by Sir. Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker, j

The King commands this honourable House to attend' His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers. ' ' ' ‘ .

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleated to give the Royal Assent to the several Public Bids and One Private Bill following; v;h.

An Act for removing certain Difficulties with respect to the more speedy and effectual Mashing of His Majesty’s Navy, for a limited Time:

An Act for augmenting the Militia:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Wastes and Commons, lying in the Manor of in the County of Westmor eland.

Royal

Ali<*ut

to

Billr,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to After which His Majesty was pleased to make a most TV Kin®’*

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Speech/ the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par- Parliament; as followeth;

Vol. 37» My

4 3° Julii. — 50 AuguJii. — \6° Septemb. — 70

The King’s Speech.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The many great and’ essential Services you have rendered to Me and to your Country, during the Course of your long Attendance in Parliament, demand My most . cordial Thanks.

I have seen with entire Approbation the Zeal you1 have manifested for the Support and Prosecution of the just, and necessary War in which I am engaged* nor am I less sensible of your Attention to the present State of My Kingdom of Ireland, My paternal Affection for all My People makes Me sincerely anxious for the Happiness and Prosperity of every Part of My Dominions.

Hitherto the Events of War have afforded the Court of France no Reason to triumph on the Consequences of their Injustice and Breach of public Faith; and I trust that by a spirited and prosperous Exertion of the Force you have put into My Hands; that ambitious Power may be brought td wifti that they had hot, with- ' out Provocation, or Cause of Complaint, insulted the Honour and invaded the Rights of My Crown.

I have already acquainted you with the hostile Step which has been , lately taken by the Court of Spain. Whatever Colour may be attempted to be put upon that unjust Proceeding, I am conscious that I have nothing to reproach myself with: It has been followed by the clearest Demonfttations of the Loyalty arid Affection of My Parliament to My Person add Government, for which I repeat to you My Warm eft Thanks; and I consider it as a happy Omen of the SifcCefs of My Arms, that the Encrease of Difficulties serves only toaugrhent . the Courage and Constancy of the Nation, and to’animate and unite My People in: the Defence of their Country, and of every Thing that is dear to them.

The advanced Sealon or the Year requires that I-should afford' yOu feme Recess'from public Business; and I do it with the less Reluctance.'as, by the Powers vested in Me by Law,’ I can have the Aid of your Advice and Assistance within Fourteen Days, should any Emergency'make‘it necessary for Me to convene you before the usual Time. ‘ " '

Jovis, 5* dip ^lugujli;

Anno, 190 pco§ii JIJ," Regis, Li 779.

THE House being met, pursuant to the Iaft PmUmw* Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker theing in the ^lbH, Country* ’ 00£"

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman U (her. of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Comriiiffion, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went tap to the House of Peers 1 Where the Commission waS read 'for the further proroguing of the Parliament* 'until Thursday the ji6{h Day of September next: And

the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until thd idth' Day of September next.

Jov'tS).16° diej

Anno 19° Georgii III'" Regis, 1779. r 1H E House being met, pursuant to the

last in the

JL.. Prorogation; and . Mr. Speaker b.ing Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords,; by Mr, Quarme, Yeoman Uftier of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The various and extensive Operations; of the War have unavoidably occasioned urfeommon Expence, and brought additional Burthens on My faithful and beloved People, which I most sincerely regret: I cannot sufficiently thank you for the Confidence you have repoled in Me, and for the Chearfulness and Public Spirit with which the large Supplies for the current Ti ear have been granted.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable . House, in the House of Peers, to hear the 1 Commission read.

1 Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers j. Where thp Commission w^s read Tor the' further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday the 7th Day of Oclobnext: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued qqtil* Thursday tire 7 th Day of Octobernext.

yoviS) y° die: QEiobris;

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is iropoffible to speak of the Continuance of the Rebellion in North America without the deepelj:.Concern; but We have given such unquestiohjtbfe Proofs of our sincere Disposition-to 'put an End'to those Troubles, that I must still hope, that the malignant Designs of the Enemies of Great Britain cannot Jong

f revail against the evident Interests of those’unhappy rovinces, and that they will not blindly persist in preferring an unnatural and dangerous Connect ton-with a Foreign Power, to Peace and lte-union with their Mother Country. ....

1 Anno 190 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1779.

..... 1 ' ‘ ‘ ;'; :' r.r

f/T, HE. House beingmet, pursuant to the Tlaft X. t Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country; -

~ A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman, Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate-Attendance of this

Parliament And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Ma-Prorogued. jesty’s Command, said.

honourable H0ufe> in she House of-Pem, to iler the 'Coiihmission read. '

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Roj^l Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued-to the Fifth

Day of August next,- to be- theta herse'h-oFden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to 'Thursday the Ffth Day of August next. ' - r'fr

Accordingly the.House, with, the Cleric, wqnt^p to the cHouse of Peers: Where' the: Commission was read for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until TJturfday the 23th Day of November next j And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until' Thursday the 23th Day of November next. ‘ ’

Ditto,

find

Ditto.

[ 461 ]

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Sess. 1779 — 1780.

Jovis,2 die Novetnbris;

Anno 20° Georgii IIIth Regis, 1779.

M(t> A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir

attend f \ Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the

the King £ \ Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

" shall, during the Reeds of Parliament, become Peers " of Great Britain, and be summoned to Parliament; " and for suspending the Execution of the said Act " with respect to the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the " County of Dorset, during the next Recess of Parliament," he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the following Places; viz. for the Borough of , otherwise

Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the honourable Thomas Howard, now Earl of Suffolk-, and for the County of Buckingham, in the room of George Nugent Grenville, Esquire, now Earl Temple.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that, in pursuance during' the Directions of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Recess- the I.'eign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to ilfuc " his Warrants, to make out new Writs for the Choice of " Members to lerve in Parliament, in the room of such " Members as shall die during the Recess of Parliament," he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the following Places; viz. for the County of Carmarthen, in the room of the Right honourable George Rice-, for the Borough of Dozvnton, in the County of Hilts-, in the room of John Cooper, Esquire; and for the County of Middlesex, in the room of John Glynn, Esquire.

Pitto. Mr. Speaker also acquainted the House, that, in pursuance of the Directions of an. Act, passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an Act, made " in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Speaker of " the House of Commons to ili’ue his Warrants to " nuke out new Writs for the Choice of Members to " lerve in Parliament, in the room of such Members " as shall die during the Recess of Parliament; and for " enabling the Speaker of the House of Commons to " nuke out new Writs for the Choice of Members to " serve in Parliament, in the room of such Members, as ‘ Voi. 37.

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took Member* the Oaths, and made and lubscribed the Declaration, take Oath*, and took and lubscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine clandestine Outlawries, was read the First Times. Outlawries.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Sp-aker reported, That the House had attended The King’* His Majesty in the House of Peers; where ILs Ala- Speech jesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from rel, ort*d the Throne, to botii Houses of Parliament; of which,

Mr. Speaker laid, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I meet you in Parliament at a Time when we are called upon by every Principle of Duty, and every Consideration of imereft, to exert Our united Efforts in the Support and Defence of Our Country, attacked by an unjust and unprovoked War, and contending with one of die most dangerous Confederacies that ever was formed against the Crown and People'of Great Britain..... .7 *- .

6 B Th*

Address

to

King's

Speech,

462 25* Noventbris.1779.

'"iThe Designs and" Attempts of our Enemies to invade this Kingdom, have, by the Blessing of Providence, been hitherto frustrated and disappointed. They stili menace Us with great Armaments and Preparations; but We are, I trust, on our Part, well prepared to meet every'Attack, an3 to repel every Insult. I know the Clutafter of My brave People: The Menaces of their Enemies, and the Approach of Danger, have no other effect on their Minds, but to animate their Courage, and to call forth that National Spirit, which has so often checked, and defeated, the Projects of Ambition and Injustice, and enabled the Fleets and

Armies to protect their own Country, to vindicate their pwn Rights, and at the same Time to uphold, and pre-lerve, the Liberties of Europe, from the restless and encroaching Power of the House of Bourbon.

In the Mid ft of My Care and Solicitude for the Safety and Welfare of this Country, I have not been inattentive to the State of My loyal and faithful Kingdom of Ireland. 1 have, in Consequence of your Addresses, presented to Me in the last Session, ordered such Papers to be collected and laid before you, as may assist your Deliberations on this important Business; and I recommend it to you to cOrtfider what further Benefits and Advantages may be extended to that Kingdom, by such Regulations, and such Methods, as may, most effectually, promote the Com most Strength, Wealth, and Interests of all my Dominions.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The proper Estimates shall, in due Time, be laid before you. I fee, with extreme Concern, that the necessary Establishments of My Naval and Military Forces, and the various Services and Operations of the ensuing Year, mud inevitably be attended with great and heavy Expences; but I rely on your Wilclom and public Spirit, ‘for such Supplies as the Circumstances and Exigencies of Our Affairs shall be found to require.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I have great Satisfaction in renewing the Assurances of My entire Approbation of the good Conduct and Difeipline of the Militia, and of their Heady Perle-verance in their Duty; and I return My cordial Thanks to all Ranks of My Loyal Subjects who have Hood forth in this arduous Conjuncture, and, by their Zeal, their Influence, and their Personal Service, hath given Confidence 'as well as Strength to the National Defence. Trolling in the Divine Providence, and in the Justice of My Cause, I am firmly resolved to prosecute the War with Vigour, and to make every Exertion in order to compel Our Enemies to listen to equitable Terms of Peace and Accommodation.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-fed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne:

To allure His Majesty, that we are truly sensible that, in the present arduous Situation of Affairs, we are called upon by every Principle and every Sentiment of Duty to His Majesty, and to those we represent, to exert, and to unite, our utmost Efforts in the Support and Defence of our Country against: a most unjust War, and one of the most dangerous Confederacies that was ever formed against: the Crown and People of Great Britain:

’That we fee and revere the Goodness of Divine Providence, in fruftraiing and disappointing the Designs of ©ur Enemies to invade this Kingdom; and whenever they attempt to carry their Menaces into Execution, we. trust.that their Attacks will be repelled, and their Enterprizfc defeated, by the Blessing of the same Provi-ao

dence on the Vdlour and Intrepidity of His Majesty’s Fleets and Armies; and that His Majesty’s gracious and endearing Declaration, of His Confidence in the Character and Courage of His People, will be justified by the most convincing Proofs that they are still animated by the fime Ardour, and the same Spirit, that have in former Times carded this Nation through so many Difficulties and Dangers, and haV. 4o often enabled their Ancestors to protect their Country and all its Dominions, and to save nbf only their own Rights, but the Liberties of other Free States, from the restless Ambition and encroaching Power of the House of Bourbon:

To acknowledge, with Thankfulness, His Majesty’s Goodness and Attention to the Address of this House, respectiflg His loyal and faithful Kingdom of in being pleased to Order such Paptfs to be communicated to this House, as may assist our Deliberations on this important Business: And we beg Leave to affine His Majesty, that we will not fail to take into our Consideration, what further Benefits and Advantages maybe extended to that Kingdom, by such ^Regulations, and such Methods, as may most effectually promote the common Strength, Wealth, and Interests, of all His Dominions:

To return our humble Thanks to His Majesty, for the gracious Manner in which His Majesty renews and confirms His entire'Approbation of the good Conduct and steady Difeipline of the National Militia; and to allure His Majesty, that we concur most sincerely with His Majesty, in acknowledging and applauding the meritorious Zeal and Services of those loyal Subjects who flood forth in the Hour of Danger, and who have added Confidence as well as Strength to the National Defence.

That His Majesty’s faithful Commons receive with Gratitude, and take a sincere Pint in, His Majesty’s paternal Expressions of Concern, that the various and extensive Services and Operations of the ensuing Year must unavoidably be attended with great and heavy Expences; yet, when it is considered how much the Commerce, the Prosperity, and the Safety ol Great tain, depend on the Issue of this Contest, we doubt not that such powerful Confederations and Motives will induce all His Majesty’s Subjects to sustain with Chear-fulnffs and Magnanimity, whatever Burthens shall be^ found necessary for railing such Supplies as may enable His Majesty to prulecute the War with Vigour and Effect, and to make every Exertion in orckr to compel His Enemies to listen to Equitable Terms of Peace and Accommodation;

An Amendment was proposed to be msde to the Question, by inferring, after the Words " National " Defence," at the End of the Fifth Paragraph, tliele Words, " To beseech His Majesty to reflect upon the " Extent of Territory, the Power, the Opulence, the " Reputation Abroad, and the Concord at Home, " which distinguished the Opening of His Majesty’s " Reign, and marked it as the most lpk ndid and happy " Period in the History of this Nation; and, when He " shall have turned His Eyes on the endangered, impoverished, distracted, and even dismembered State " of the Whole; after all the Grants of i'ucceflive Parliaments, liberal to Profusion, and trusting to the M very utmost Extent of rational Confidence, His Majesty will expect to receive the honest Opinion of a " faithful and affectionate Parliament, who should " think they betrayed His Majesty, and those they represent, if they did not diltmdtly ftute to His Majesty, in Words, what the World has seen in most: calamitous and disgraceful liffedts; that if any Thing can prevent the Consummation of Public Ruin, it " can only be new Councils and new Counsellors, " without further Loss of-Time, a real Change, from a sincere Conviction of past Errors, and not a mere " Palliation, which must prove fruitless."

20 Geo. III. 4 5° — 26° Novembris. 463

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted }

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Y , j } .34.

Tellers for he Noes,j^ >33-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Rjolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thames of this House, for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

To allure His Majesty, that we are truly fcnflble that, in the present Arduous Situation of Affairs, we are called upon by every Principle and every Sentiment of Duty to His Majesty, and to those we represent, to exert, and to unite our utmost Efforts in the Support and Defence of our Country against- a most unjust Mar, and one of the moll dangerous Confederacies that was ever formed against the Crown and People of Great Britain.

That we fee and revere the Goodnefa of Divine Providence, in frustrating and disappointing the Designs of our Enemies to invade this Kingdom; and whenever they attempt to carry their Menaces into Execution; we trust that their Attacks will be repelled, and their Enterprize defeated, by the Blefting of the same Providence on the Valour and Intrepidity of His Majesty *s Fleets and Armies; and that His Majesty’s gracious and endearing Declaration of His Confidence in the Character and Courage of His People, will be justified by the moll convincing Proofs that they are still animated by the same Ardour, and the same Spirit, that have in former Times, carried this Nation through so many Difficulties and Dangers, and have so often enabled their Ancestors to protect their Country and all its Dominions, and to lave, not only their own Rights, but thp Liberties of other Free States, from the restless Ambition and encroaching Power of the House of Bourbon.

To acknowledge, with Thankfulness, His Majesty’s Goodncls and Attention to the Address of this House, rd peeling His loyal and faithful Kingdom of Ireland, in being pleased to order such Papers to be communicated to this House, as may assist our Deliberations on this important Business: And we beg Leave to allure His Majesty, that we will not fail to take into our Considerat'on, what further Benefits and Advantages may be extended to that Kingdom, by such Regulations, and such Methods, as may most effectually promote the common Strength, Wealth, and Interests, of all His Dominions.

To return our humble Thanks to His Majesty, for the gracious Manner in which His Majesty renews and confirms His entire Approbation of the good Conduct and steady Difeipline of the National Militia; and to allure His Majesty, that we concur tnoft fin-ccreiy with His Majesty, in acknowledging and applauding the meritorious Zeal and Services of those loyal Subjects who flood forth in the Hour of Danger, and who have added Confidence as well as Strength to the National Defence.

That His Majesty’s faithful Commons receive with Gratitude, and take a sincere Part in His Majesty’s paternal Exprdfions of Concern, that the various and extensive Services and Operations of the ensuing Year must unavoidably ‘be attended with great and heavy Exjtences; yet, when it is considered how much the Commerce, the Prolperity, and the Safety of Great ttain depend on the Issue of this Contest, we doubt not that such powerful Considerations and Motives will induce all His Majesty’s Subjects to sustain with Chearfulness and Magnanimity, whatever Burthens shall be found necessary for raising such Supplies as may en-Vot. 57.

able His Majesty to prosecute the War with Vigour , and Effect, and to make every Exertion in order to compel his Enemies to listen to Equitable Terms of Peace and Accommodation.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord Lezvisham, the Lord Parker, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Attorney General, the Lord North, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr.

Mr. Chaytor, Mr. Ellis, the Lord Mr. Stanley,

Mr. De Grey, Sir Charles Cocks, Lord George Mr. Robinson, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Whitworth,

or any Five of them: Arid they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Lincoln the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Lincoln, in the room of the Right honourable Bertie, commonly called Lord Brownlow Bertie, now Duke of An-caster and Kesteven, called up to the House of Peers.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after One of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

V1eneris, 26* die Novembris;

Anno 2o# Georgii III*'1 Regis, 1779.

Peateks.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tiltup'* Inn Merchants, Traders, Freeholders, and others, .

residing near, or frequently Travelling, the Road Rd^d.* from Tilput's Inn, in the Parish of to Dud-

bridge, in the Parish of Rodborough, and from worth, in the Parish of Evening, to the Turnpike Road leading from Minckinhampton to Stroud, on hamplon Common, all in the County of Gloucester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from Tittup's Inn, in the Parish of Horjeley, through NailJ worth and Woodchester, to Dttdbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough, leading through Part of the several Parishes of Horjeley, Averting, Wwdchester, -fian/ey, and Rodborough, all in the County of and allb the Road from the Bridge near the George Inn in Nailsworth aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading from Minckinhampton to Stroud, leading through Part of the Parishes of Avening and Minckinhampton, in the said County of Gloucester, are greatly cut of Repair, and in many Parts so narrow and ruinous, as to be dangerous to Pafilngers, and hardly paflabie for any Carriages but Waggons and Carts; and that it would be of great Advantage and Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and to all Persons having Occasion to use the said Roids, as well as of public Utility, if the same were amended, widened, and kept in Repair, the Course thereof in certain Parts altered, and new Roads made in those Places where it may be found necessary or expedient to quit the present Track: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred so the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine

the

2 6* Novem.

1779-

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William , Mr. Hartley, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to (end for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Fin ford A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution

gr„i„e an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-V eighth Yeatof the Reign of his late Majesty King George Banbury ^e Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and Road. „w*I{jen;ng the Roads leading from The Cross of Hand,

" near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick,

" through the Town of Southam, in the same County,

" to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford; and from The Guide in the Village of " Adderbury, in the same County, through Kidlington,

" to The Mile Way leading towards the City of Oxford,

" and also the Road leading from a Place called The " Two Mile Tree, near the City of Oxford, over Gosford,

otherwise Gojfard Bridge, to a certain Gate, entering " upon Weston on the Green, in the said County," and of the Creditors who have advanced Money, or have Money due to them, upon the Tolls by the said Act granted: and, by another Act, passed in the said Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, relaling to the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees of the said Roads have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls; which cannot be repaid, or the Roads described by the said first mentioned Act be effectually repaired, widened, and amended, nor the good Purposes of the said Acts compleated, unless the Terms and Powers by the said Acts granted be further continued and altered or enlarged: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue, alter, enlarge, and render more efl'eftual, the Terms and Powers of the said first-mentioned Act, so far as the same relates to the Road leading from The Cross of Hand, near f inford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, in such Manner as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas SkipzvitJt, the Lord Beauchamp, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Stonefbv A Petition of William Reeve the Elder, Impropria-luclosure. for of the Impropriate Tythes of Stonesby, in the County of Leicester, and a Proprietor of a considerable Part of the Lands and Grounds in the Common Fields of Stonesby aforesaid, The Reverend Anthony Shaw, Vicar of Stonesby ai'oresaid, and others, Proprietors of Lands and Grounds there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners lie intermixed and dilperfed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of much, if any, Improvement; and that it would teod to the Advantage of the Proprietors of the said Fields, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted and assigned to each Proprietor, according to his Property and Interest therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Palmer, and Mr. , do; L1

prepare, and br, ing in, the lame.

A Petition of John Mvjlers, John Wright, and - Scatrinjtoi mas Wripht, Esquires, and several other of the Land aml Owners and Persons interested in the Open Fields,

Meadow:, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Townshbs of Scarrington and AJlaEin the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, within the said Townships, which lie intermixed and dispersed in all small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, lo that the same are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but that if the fame, together with the Waste Grounds, were divided and indofed, it would tend to the gr^at Benefit and Advantage of the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition :. And that Lord Edward Bentinck and Mr. Me dozes do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

r

A Petition of several Trustees and Mortgagees Sunnirj, under an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Hoad from a Place called The Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of . through Wokingham, New Bracknowl, and Sunning to Vir- L.

ginia Water, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Act has been put in Execution for the Convenience and Advantage of the Public, for-which Purpose a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains !

due; and that the said Act: being near expiring, the '

said Money cannot be repaid, nor the Road kept in sufficient Repair, without an additional Term, and some further Powers; and that the Petitioners apprehend, it would be convenient to have Power to alter a Part of the said Road, by amending the Road leading out of the present Turnpike Road at Sunning Hill, over Beggars Bush Common, through Crackjhole, and a Lane leading into The Great Western Road, near The Red Lion Alehouse, instead of the present Road from Sunning Hill,;

to Virginia Water: And therefore praying. That Leave,

may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term I

and Powers of the said Act, and to give Power to make the Alteration aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall deem.necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ' Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine tire Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it '

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Elwes, Sir George longe,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Qrjl^ fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. i Committed.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Ftiday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered,

20 Geo. III.

26° Novem

Committee

of

Privileges.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be appointed:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Mr.

Ord, Mr. Hartley, Sir ArchibaldEdmmstone, Mr. Baker, Mr. Toivttfttend, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Brett, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Onftoxv, Mr. Lang his, Mr. Owen, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Coke, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. 'Townshend, Sir Grey Cooper, Colonel Barre, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Fox, The Lord Lewisham, Mr. E Mr, Frederick Montagu, Mr. Lafce/les, Sir William Wake, Mr.

Sir George Tottge, Mr. Joh Mr. Sloane, General Conway, Sir Charles Gould, Mr. Adam, Mr.

Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. Grant, the Earl Nugent, Mr. Smith, the Lord Shuldham, the Lord North, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Dunning, Mr Ellis, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir George S Mr. Rigby; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the plock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion, thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to (end for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Ufiial Ordered, That all Persons who will -question any Re-Orders. turns of Members to lerve in Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and (o within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will forve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Eieftion of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That, where this House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person had procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person,

Resolved, That, it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor; and this Houfo will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Perfoti hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this Houfo, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

VOL. 37.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great; for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to fexve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That, in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and the Petitioners

do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents Litis f die Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and dicti. gu'lh-ing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by hmielves or by their Agents, within the same Time; deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger; or Strangers, that he shall foe, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole Houfo, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be. discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the Houfo.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the Houfo, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Older of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending-this Houfo do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting;

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westivfler, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning tiil One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the After;iOon,-during the Session of Parliament, the Paffiges through the Streets between ‘Temple Bar and Westminster shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise,-to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this Houfo; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no-Annoyance, by Chairmen, Foutmen, or otherwise, there-in, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be font to the High Bailiff’of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put

in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the Houfo, of upon the Stairs leading, thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in*

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Houfo do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall

6 C presume

TJfual

Orders.

Importation of Italian Thrown Silk.

Address on the King’s Speech.

26° Novembris. A. 1779.

presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting, or losing, of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Port Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Poll Matter General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Riling of the House, and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members (ending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Poll Mailer General.

Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr Speaker, he do open the same; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees j and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person but such as he shall appoint do presume to print the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation of fine Organzined Italian " Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited " Time," might be read.

And the feme being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The Lord Lewi/ham reported from the Committee,

appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly j which they had directed Aim to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects. the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament a!Tembled> beg Leave to return Your Majesty the Thanks of this House, for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

Wc are truly sensible that, in the present arduous Situation of Affairs, we are called upon by every Principle and every Sentiment of Duty to Your Majesty, and to those we represent, to exert, and to unite, our utmost Efforts in the Support and Defence of our Country against a moll unjull War, and one of the

mod dangerous Confederacies that was ever formed against the Crown and People of Great Britain.

We fee and revere the Goodness of Divine Providence, in frustrating and dilappointing the peligns of our Enemies to invade this Kingdom; and whenever they attempt to cany their Menaces into Execution, we trull that their Attacks will be repelled, and their Ln-terprize defeated, by the Blessing of the same Providence on the Valour and Intrepidity of Your Majesty’s Fleets and Armies; and that Your Majesty’s gracious and endearing Declaration, of Your Confidence in the Character and Courage of Your People, will be jollified by the most convincing Proofs that they are still animated by the same Ardour, and the fume Spirit, that have in former Times carried this Nation through so many Difficulties and Dangers, and have so often enabled their Ancellors to profest their Country and all its Dominions, and to save not only their own Rights, but the Liberties of other Free States, from the restless Ambition and encroaching Power of the House of Bourbon.

We acknowledge, with Thankfulnefe, Your Majesty’s Goodness and Attention to the Address of this House, respecting Your loyal and faithful Kingdom of Ireland, in being pleased to order such Papers to be communicated to this House, as may alii ft our Deliberations on this important Business: And we beg Leave to allure Your Majesty, that we will not fail to take into out Consideration, what further Benefits and Advantages may be extended to that Kingdom, by such Regulations, and such Methods, as may most effectually promote the common Strength, Wealth, and Imcrcils of all Your Dominions.

Permit us, Sir, to return our humble Thanks to Your Majesty, for the gracious Manner in which Your Majesty renews and confirms Your intire Approbation of the good Couduft and Heady Discipline of the National Militia; and to allure Your Majesty, that we concur most sincerely with Your Majesty, in acknowledging and applauding the meritorious Zeal and Services of those loyal Subjects who flood forth in the Hour of Danger, and who have added Confluence as well as Strength to the National Defence.

Your Majesty’s faithful Commons receive with Gratitude, and take a sincere Part in Your Majesty’s paternal Expressions of Concern, that the various and extensive Services and Operations of the entuing Year mud unavoidably be attended with great and heavy Expences: Yet, when it is considered how much the Commerce, the Prosperity, and the Safety, of Great Britain depend on the Issue of this Contest, we doubt not that such powerful Confederations and Motives will induce all Your Majesty’s Subjects to sustain, with Chearfulness and Magnanimity, whatever Burthens shall be found necessary for railing such Supplies as may enable Your Majesty to prosecute the War with Vigour and Effefl, and to make every Exertion in order to compel Your Enemies to listen to equitable Terms of Peace and Accommodation.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said .-vdJrefs, to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved", That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when lie will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The Kir.g’l

Speech to be

cottiidered.

Time appointed for reviving

Addreti.

Oxford

Writ.

Taunton

New

Street.

Bridgefoiti

Lane

Road.

20 Geo. III. 270 — 290 467

Sab batty27* Novembris;

Anno 20* Georgii III!*1 Regis, 1779. Prayers.

THE Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That His Majesty, having been waited upon (pur-finnt to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Three of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Oxford, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Spencer, commonly called Lord Charles Spencer, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of the Chamber.

A Petition of Benjamin Hammet, of Wilton, in the County of Somerset, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the present Lane or Way cal let! Magdalen Lane, leading from Fore Street, in the Town of Taunton, in the said County, to the Church of Saint Mary Magdalen in the said Town, is very narrow «nd inconvenient; and that the laying out and making a proper and commodious Wav from Fore Street to the said Church, will be a great Benefit and Convenience to the several Persons retorting the 'eto, and will open a View to that ancient and celebrated Sttufturc; and that, in order to lay out and make the said Way, it will be necessary to take down an ancient ruinous Alms-House, and also Two Dwehing Houses now in the Poffe ion of Mary Miles and---- Lock, and also certain Houses and Buildings of Small Value, and to purchase certain Garden Grounds and Tenements belonging to John Blewetand others, with Power to (lop up tlicpreit.it Lane leading to the said Church, and to build a new Street; and that the Petitioner is willing to undertake to lay out and make such new Way as aforesaid, in a commodious Manner, in case the Ground of the present Lane or Way leading to the said Church, be vested in him: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes af'rdaitl, in l'uch Manner, and under such Regulations, as the H uic- shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to, them, to the House:

And it is rclerred to Mr. Popham, Mr.

&c‘: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition f several of the Trustees for an Act, passed in the Twuny-seventh Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Btidgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, and Rutland, and through Rockingham, to The Green at

in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Act hath been continued to be put in Execution, and a considera-blc Debt hath been contracted on the Credit thereof which (the said Act being near expiring) cannot be repaid, nor can the Road be continued in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and foine further VOL. 37.

Powers given: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Bridges Brudenell, Mr.

Popham, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His K,ng*» Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Par- considered. liament.

And the feme was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself in a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock. *

Luit(By 29® die Novembris;

Anno 20' Georgii III*11 Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the The King’s House attended His Majesty on Saturday last with A,n[''cr. their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to to res‘ give this most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I receive with the greatest and most cordial Satisfaction, this very loyal and affectionate Address; and I return you My particular Thanks for it.

The Spirit and Firmness you shew, the Zeal you so seasonably express in this arduous State of Public Affairs, and the Assurances of your Attention to the important Objects I have recommended to your Deliberation, cannot fail of having the bed Effects both at Home and Abroad.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions Private for Private Bills after the Eighth Day of February next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Southampton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for ^rit-the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir Simeon Stuart, Baronet, deceased.

Lord Edward Bentinck presented to the House, ac- Scamngton cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Aiuaon Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Inclosure. Grounds, in the Townfttips of Scand AJlaelon, in the County of Nottingham: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Commissioners appointed to Hockliffc put in Execution an Act, passed in the First Year of the rand Reign of his late Majesty George the Second, for the more effectual amending the Highways between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of , and for re-

pairing the Road leading through Woburn to Ticlford

Bridge,

Stoneiby

liiclosure.

Chawton

Pond,

4c.

Roads.

468 £9° Novembris.1779.

Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks; and also one other Act of the Sixteenth Year of his said late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act , and all'o pne other Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his said late Majesty King George the Second, whereby the Term -apd Powers granted by the said Two former Acts, are further continued for the Term of Five Years; and also one other Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, whereby the Term ard Powers granted by the said Three former Acts, are -further continued for the Term of Five Years; and of several Justices of the Peace, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, living near and passing through the said Road, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Terms and Powers granted by the said several Acts, for amending the Highways between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford,

and far repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tick ford Bridge, in Newport in the County of

Bucks, will expire in June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty; and that the Tolls collected, and the Monies bonowed, by virtue of the said Acts, have been duly applied for the Purposes thereby directed, and same Progress hath been made in repairing the said Highways; but the same still want divers Repairs and Amendments, and cannot be effectually repaired, amended, and kept in good Repair, nor the Money borrowed repaid, unless the said Acts he further continued and made more effectual. by reason Materials proper for the Amendment of the said Highways are expensive, and cannot be had unless it be at a great Distance from t:.e said Road: And thereof praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and making more effectual the said Acts, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in die Premises as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consider^tion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to the Lord Otig/ey, Mr. Penton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in Stonejhy, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing an Act, pafi'ed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Chawton Fond, in the Parish of Chawton, in the County of Southampton, through Rnmfdean Bottom, Westmeon, Ext on,

Wait!um, and over Sherrill Heath, and through htimand Fareham, to the Town of and from

Exton aforesaid, through Droxford, to the East End of Sherrill Heath, in the said County, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a large Sum ot Money on the Credit thereof, which still remains due; and that the said Act being near expiring, the said Debt cannot be paid off, nor the Roads kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged and altered: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report; the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

*7

And it is referred to Mr. Minchin, Mr. Elwes, &c.:

And they are to met To morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Account; poled, That there be laid before this House, a List of yvaTin all His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels of War in Com- Commission. million on the ill Day of March 1779; distinguishing their Rates, and Complement of Men, together with the Numbers borne and muttered on board the said Ships and Vessels respectively.

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Importation a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an ot ital, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, own " An Act for allowing the Importation of fine Org m- zined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for " a limited Time."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, TJiat the Report be received Tomorrow ’ Morning.

to

iiii.

Tik

b'fr

lou

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself inro a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last, Thgt a Supply be granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to aRelblution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

M

Aitfe

1

' lb

The House was moved, That art Act, made in the America* last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for fur- Bill " ther continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth »«I " Year of the Reign of H's present Majesty intituled, u An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and detain.

" Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of " High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty’s " Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High " Seas, or the Crime of Piracy," might be read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing an Act, made Tn the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or iulpeftrd of, the Crime " of High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty’s " Colpnies or Plantations in America, or on the High " Seas, or the Crime of Piracy:" And that Sir Grey Cooper apd Mr, Ord do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

20 Geo. III.

30° Novembris.

of Excise in Scotland, from Chromes tj6i to Chrifimat 1778.

MartiS) 30* die Novembris; And 1 hen he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read;

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tth* Anfto 20* Georgii III"* Regis, 177n. We, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Th? mid Account is preserved xmongst the othet Papers of this Session.

ICCMAU;

Whale

Piflicry.

Trade

between

Scotland

and

America.

Ditto*

PRAYEtS.

THE House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, ar the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Dire<51 ions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis’s Streights, and the Greenland , with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged; all'o what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported from the loth of Ofilober 1778 to the 10th of October *779-

Mr. Mitford also, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders of the 28th Day of April and the 21st Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Bounties paid on Goods exported to North America, or imported from thence into Scotland, from Christmas 1761 to Chriji 1777; distinguishing each Year, and the particular Goods for which such Bounties were paid: And also.

An Account of the Exports from Scotland since Christmas 1762, of all the Articles prohibited to be exported from Ireland, particularly Cottons, plain, mixed, and framed, Checques and framed Linen, Shoes, and Leather of all Sorts, narrow and mixed Woollens, Broad Cloths white and dyed. Stockings, and Glass: distinguishing the Countries to which the same have been exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. E/wes reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several Trustees and Mortgagees under an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of King Georgi the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called The Old Galkws, in the Parish of Stai-

ning, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in thte Parish of Eghdm, in the County of Surry, was referred 5 That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined tire Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after* wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read, and is as foltoweth; vex.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Edward Wife, Junior, being examined, said. That a considerable Pr ogre Is has been made in repairing the said Road, and several Sums of Money have been borrowed for that Purpose, which, with some Interest, still remains due — That the said Road cannot be completed, and the Money borrowed paid off, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged.

And the Witness added, That several of the Power* of the said Act hate been found defefttVe.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called The Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of

Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey: And that Mr. E/wes and Mr. Wituhcmb Hartley do prepare, and bring ki, the feme.

Scotch The House being informed that Mr from

forfeited the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; Estates. and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Report of the Commissioners and Trustees for managing the annexed Forfeited " Estates in Scotland to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, which, by an Act of the Twentyfifth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, is directed to " be laid before both Houses of Parliament."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Ta-'blc, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account 5 The House being informed that Mr. Milford, from prohibited the CommissioneTS of Excise in , attended at the

Exports. Door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 21st Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Exports from Great Britain, since Christmas 1762, of all the Articles prohibited to be exported from Ireland; distinguishing the Countries to which the feme have been exported, as demanded in the Votes of the honourable the House of Commons of 21st May 1779; viz. for such of these Articles as come under the Management of the Commissioners - VO;..37.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the South End of The South Street, in the Parish of South Mailing, near the Town of Lewes, to Gtynd Bridge, and from thente, through Fir/e Street under the Hill, to Long in the Parish of

Atfriston, in the County of Sussex, Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution; and have borrowed several Sums of Money, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and further Powers given: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Powys, tree.: And they are ,to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Ongley reported from the Committee, id whore; the Petition of the several Commissioners appoinf-

6 D ed

Stinaing. Road,

South

Milling,

Road.

Hockfiffie

and

Wobuff)

Road*.

i^-

470 3 o* Novembris.A- 1779.

ed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty George the Second, for the more effectual amending the Highways between Hocklife and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tick-ford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks; and also one other Act of the Sixteenth Year of his laid late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act; and also one other Act of the Twenty-tighth Year of his laid late Majesty King George the Second, whereby the Term and Powers granted by the said Two former Acts are further continued for the Term of Five Years; and also one other Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, whereby the Term and Powers granted by the said Three former Acts, are further continued for the Term of Five Years; and of several Justices of the Peace, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, living near and passing through the said Road, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee bad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the a5th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had dircded him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Samuel Davis being examined, said. That the Terms of the said Acts will expire in June 1780; that the Tolls collected and Monies borrowed by virtue of the said Acts, have been duly applied for the Purposes thereby directed, and some Progress has been made in the Repair of the said Roads; but the same cannot be effectually repaired, nor the Money borrowed repaid, unlefe the said Acts be further continued and made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts, made in the First and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more eifedual amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Ttckford Bridge, in Newport (Pagnell, in the County of Bucks: And that the Lord Ongley and Mr. Elwes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

-Bcimitifhoime A Petition of Thomas Harrison, Esquire, and Grace

inclosure. Lifter, Widow, Two of the most considerable Proprietors of the several Open Fields, Meadows, Grounds, Pastures, and Commons, or Carrs, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Lordship of in the Parish of Swine, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, certain Open and Uninclosed Fields, Meadows, Grounds, Pastures, and Commons, or Carrs, computed to contain in the Whole about 550 Acres, which, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; but if the same were inclosed, and specilic Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to all the Parties interested therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, and for settling Compensations for the Tythes of the same Lands, and ot other Lands within the same Lordship, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lascelles and Sir George Savile do prepare, and , bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue is Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a, Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Clarke Jervoise,

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath been appointed to, and accepted of, the Office of Agent to the Regiment of Militia of the County of Sussex.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for regulating " the Quartering of Soldiers during the Time of the " Elections of Members to serve in Parliament,’' might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for removing the ensuing Election fora Knight of the Shire for the County of Southampton, from the usual Place of polling: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. and Mr. Lovel Stanhope, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for removing the ensuing Election for a Knight of the Shire for the County of Southampton, from the usual Place of polling: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second

Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz,

Resolved, That it i» the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wholo House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1780, with an Estimate of the Half Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Marines, as were employed in the last W ar, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and dear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1780, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Ganifons, and other Land Forces, lor the Ye«r 1780, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the

Office

Yarmouth

Writ.

Southampton.

Place ot* Polling,

Ditto.

Supply.

Navy

and

Arm/

Eflinwte*.

Sakhouse

4 id

Kfilinj

kuaiart*

20 Geo. III. 30° Novembris — 1° 471

Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1780, belaid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay, for the Year 1780, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1780, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Sendees incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years ended at the 5th Day of 1779 and the 10th Day of October 1779, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fuad commonly called The South Sea as also of

or for the Excels or Surplus of the Fund commonly called ‘7he General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Pi regions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Ellimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Pi ivy Council.

A Petition of Zurijhaddai , Esquire, Lord of the Manors of Salthouse, Salthouse , Salthouse Nether/ial/s, and Kellii/g, Kelling llket shall .

dolphs, otherwise Bar dwells, with the Rectory, lying in, and extending over, the Parishes of Salthouse and Kelling, in the County of Norfolk, and also of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of certain Lands and Tenements, and entitled to certain Rights of Sheep Walk, Common, and Shackage, and other Rights and Interests within the said Manors and Parishes, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That there are within the Parishes of Salthouse and Kelling aforesaid, certain Common Fields and Half Year Lands, containing together, by Estimation, 1,490 Acres} and that there is, in the said Parish of Salthouse, a certain Trad of Common or Waste Land, called Salthouse Warren, containing, by Estimation, 130 Acres; and allb certain other Tracts of Common or Waste Lands, known by the Name of The Commons and Heaths, containing, by Estimation, 300 Acres; and that there is, in the said Parish of Kelling, a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land, called The Frith, containing, by Efti-mation, 196 Acres} and also a certain other Tract of Common or Waste Land, called Kelling Warren, containing, by Estimation, 400 Acres; and also certain other Tracts of Common or Waste Lands, known by the Name of The Commons and , containing, by

Estimation, 600 Acres; and there are certain Rights of Common, Sheep Walk, and Shackage, and other Rights and Intertits, in and over the said Common

O *

Fields, Half Year Lands, Warrens, Heaths, Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Grounds; and that the said Zi&ijhaddai Girdlejione, and much the greatest Part

in Value of the said Owners and Proprietors, are desirous that the said Rights of Sheep Walk, Common, and Shackage, and all other Commonable Rights whatever, may be txtinguished, and the said Warrens, Heaths, Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Grounds, divided, and specific Parts thereof allotted to each of the said Proprietors, and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Estates, li.glits, and Interests, which would be of manifest Advantage to the several Persons interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bid for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward AJlley and Mr. Coke of Norfolk do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Importation Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- T^Ital«V ferred to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of °WD Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Im- portation of fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk,

" in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time," That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time ft And that Mr. Ordand Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to »

Order, a Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the to delrain Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, suspected intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to secure Persons.

" and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the " Crime of High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, or on " the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Votes at remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections: And that Mr. Powys, Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. B,‘

Elwes, and Mr. Penruddock, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy i° d Decembris;

Anno 20* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1779.

Praters.

rr' H E Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, X That their Address of Yesterday (that His Ma-jt-fty would be graciously pleated to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Answer to

Address

for

Estimstet*

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, Army -and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Estimates* including those in Jersey and Guernfeyfrom 25th December 1779 to 24th December 1780, both inclusive, being 366 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, lor the Year 1780:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Africa, and The East Indies, including those in Camion at Minorca and from 25th

December

47*

December 1779 to 14th December 17S0, both lacluGve, being 366 Days.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1780: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1780: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of Four Regiments of Feacible Men in North from 25th

A. 1779.

December 1779 to 24th December 1780, both inclusive, being 366 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1780: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Additional Companies and Additionals to the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1779: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the New Levies ordered to be raised, from 25th December 1779 to 24th December 1780, both inclusive, being 366 Days.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

1* Decembris.

j>~

ao Geo. III.

I Decembris.

473

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and dther His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, including thoie in J*rJey and Guernsey, from 25th December 1779 to 24th December 1780, both incluuve j being 366 Days.

Horse

Guauls.

Dragobris.

First Troop of Horse Guards

Second D" -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards -

Second D" -

Royal Regiment of Horse Guards -

rFirii Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second D’ -

Third D" -

Earl of Pembroke's Dragoons -

Fair! of Panmure's -

Lieut. General Fitz

Lieut. General Cars *

Lieut. General 'JoknJi one's

Sir Hairy Clint on's

Sir Jn’ Mordaunt'% -

Lieut. General Johs

Li s ht

Dragoons.

S General EHiott's -

Colonel Harcours Maior General Manner’s I Major General Phillipson's ( Major General Deng/os's

Foot

Guards

! First 1 Cold ft Third

Foot.

Invalids.

First Regiment of Foot Guards ftieam Regiment E>* -

ird Regiment of Foot Guards -f-GDuke of Argyll's Regiment; 2 Battalions Lieut. General Jones's Regiment -Sir William Booihby's -Lieut. General San dfor As Lieut. General Murray's Lieut. General Cuvynghame'% - -

Sir John Sebright's Lord George Lennox's -Lieut. General HavilancTs - -

Sir Tko' Wilson's -

Lieut. General Trapau -Sir David Lindsay's -.Major General Ca/craft's -Lieut. General Sherrards -Lord Me Leo A s, 2d Battalion Major General Morrisons Earl of Secforlh'%

Colonel Scott's -

J Lieut. General Wren's Regiment -\ Thirty-six Independent Companies

Garrisons with Fire and Candle Contingencies ppon Account

Total

Numbers. Pay of the Troops and Rc fciments for 366 Days. *rb t a l.

181 - *7.053 8 —

181 - '7^53 8 —

174 - 10,900 14 —

'73 1 - 10,772 12 —

3'9 - 26,120 6 —

I fh 9 51 0 ry 1 m/C Q

427 21,587 18 — Oj)* vw 0

286 *4.725 8 —

286 - *4.725 8 —

2S6 - *4.725 8 —

286 - *4*725 8 —

287 - *4.77* 3 —

286 - *4.725 8 —

286 - *4.725 8 —

286 - *4,725 8 —

286 ^* 4,725 8 —

2S6 *4,725 8 —

3,288 Y Act QQ„ T „

100,007 12 —

412 m — 19,089 19 —

412 — €- 19,089 19 —

412 19,089 19 ~

412 - 19,089 19 —

412 2,060 19,089 19 —

95,449 *5 T*

2>°33. - 52,206 17 —

*.3°5 33»7^o 9 —

*>3 °S - 33.815 7 "

1,982 «. a. 36,593 18 —

991 " 18,425 1 —

991 18,425 x —

99* 184-25 1 —

99 mm *8,425 1 —

99* *8,425 1 —

991 18,425 1 —

991 " 18,425 1 —

99* - 18,425 j —

991 — 18,425 1 —

99* *8,425 1 —

99* «. 18,425 1 - —

99* - 18,425 1 —

99* *" - 18,425 1 —

G4°* - 24,802 12 —

1,170 - 21,191 8 —

1,168 - 20,660 14 —

1,169 24,416 21,099 18 — 483,656 16 —

9°5 - . - *3,987 6 —

3.3°8 AO T 5 48,790 *7 "" 62,778 5

" 32,297 8 5

m m m 29,900 — T — ' 52,297 8 5

m m 35*005 - X- 946,*76 $ 5

War-Office,

1st December 779-

C. JenJiitifon.

Vol. 37.

6 E

474

i° Decembris.

A.

779-

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great , for the Year 1780.

General and General Staff Officers

War-Office, iff December 1779.

- re-

charge for 366 Days.

£ d.

44.875 8 3

C. Jenkinson.

E S T I M A T E of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations,. , and the East,

including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from 25th December 1779 to 24th December 1780, both inclusive; being 366 Days.

Lieut. General Preston's Regiments of Light Dragoons -

Detachment of Foot Guards, exclusive of Officers -General Hodgson's Regiment of Foot -Earl Percy’s < -

Major General Prescott’s -Lieut. General Armstrong's - -Earl Ligonier's- - -

Major General Faucitt's - -

Major General Robertfons -Lieut. General Monckton'% -Lieut. General ParkePs - -

Lieut. General Mackay's - - - .

Lieut. General Gage's - - - '

Sir William Halves - - - -

Lieut. General Taylors -

Lord Adam Gordon’s - - - . "

M aior General Majfey’s - - " - -

Ma jor General Greys' -

Lieut. General Evelyn's -

Sir Adolphus Oughton's - -

Earl Cornwallis's -

Lord Frederick Cavendish's - -

Lieut. General Campbell's -

Sir Eyre Coote's -

Sir Robert Pigott's -

Sir Robert Hamilton's -

Lord John Murray’s, z Battalions -

Lieut. General Carey’s -

General Abercrombie's -

Major General Vaughan's -

Sir Guy Carleton'% -

Lieut. General Sorell's -

Lieut. General Maitland's -

.Lieut. General Elphidfione's -

Lieut. General Frederick’s -

Major General James Grant's - -

Sir John Irwins’s -

Royal American Regiments, 4 Battalions -

Major Genera* Matthew’s -

T: > ‘.a!.! F, antis Grant's - -

Numbers. Pay of the Regimeats, C*fc. for 366 Days.

494

1,069 - - - 17,815 1 —

991 - - *8,425 1 —

991 - 18,425 1 —

991 - 18,608 1 —

991 - - 18,425 1 - —

811 - - *6,155 *7 —

99* - 18,425 1 —

99* - 2 18,425 1 —

99* 18,425 1 —

11 - - 16,*55 i7 —

811 - - 16,*55 17 —

99* - 18,425 1 —

99* - " 18,425 1 —

811 *6,155 17 —

99* - 18,425 1 —

99* - 18,425 1 —

99* . 18,425 1 —

99* - 18,425 1 —

99* — 18,425 1 —

99* 1 . 18,425 1 —

99* 18,425 1 —

99* - 18,425 1 —

99* - 18,425 1 —

99* _ i8-,425 i —

99* - 18,425 1 —

1,995 - " 36,084 11 —

99* 18,425 1 —

991 - 18,425 1 —

99* 18,425 1 —

811 ,6,155 *7 —

99* - " 18,425 1 —

99* 18,425 1 —

991 18,425 1 —

991 * 18,425 1 —

99* " 18,42 5 1 —

99* - 18,425 , —

3.965 - " 73,956 8 —

811 - " *6,*55 *7 "

99* 18,425 1 —

total.

19,501 14 —

-Lieut.

ao Geo. III.

Lieut. General Pomeroy*s.

Major General Tryon's

Lieut. General Frazer's, 2 Battalions Lord Mr Lead's, 1 ft Battalion Lieut. Colonel Campbell's -Lieut. Colonel Mc Donned s -Major General Pali's -Sir William Erskine'% - -

Colonel M£ Lean's -

- Late Captain-Commandant Clarke's Corps Captain-Commandant Dairy male's Corps Royal Highland Emigrants, 2 Battalions -

Garrisons in North America, viz. Quebec, Montreal, St. Augustine, Pensacola, , and South Caro-

lina -

D° in Nova Scotia, Halifax, Placentia, St. John's Island, Providence, Bermudas, and Africa - -

Garrison at Tobago - -

i° Decembr

Officers serving with the Forces in North America Contingencies upon Account - -

MINORCA.

Earl of Eglintoune's Regiment of Foot -Major General Morris's -

Officers of the Garrison, &c.

GIBRALTAR.

Colonel Pilloiis Regiment of Foot -

Lieut. General Boyd’s -

Lieut. General Walsh's -

Lieut. General Baugh's -

Colonel Mazvhood's -

Officers of the Garrison,

Provisions for His Majesty’s Forces serving in North America, Norm Scotia, Newfoundland, (Ac. deducting 2 Id.per Diem fr >m each Non-commissioned Office*

and Soldier, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by Government -Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar Provisions for the Forces in the West Indies Provisions for the Forces serving in Africa, deducing %\d. per Diem from each Non-comijiiffioned Officer and Soldier, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by Government -

Total -

991 - 18,425 I —

991 - 18,425 I —

2,754 - 48,763 8

1,401 25,058 16 —

1,168 m 20,660 14 —

1,168 - 20,660 14 —

1,168 - - 20,825 8 —

1,169 - 21,099 18 — -

1,169 - 21,099 *8 —

215 m m 4,181 11 —

573 - . 10,278 10 —

1,630 rfs 0(2 £ 30,048 12 —

3,568 10 —

- - - 3»*35 6

561 4 —

— m — 43*331 7 —

- - 4,000 — — .

991 — 18,425 1 —

99i - - 18,425 1 —

1

- - 1 )UV At m -

991 18,425 1 —

991 - 18,425 1 — -

991 - 18,425 1 — .

991 18,425 1 —

1 168 t 109 20,825 3 —

112,9*7 4 —

- - 29,878 11 2

17,732 14 —

» 5,000 — - —

- 63,633 - - C

475

1,037,253 3 ~

7>3 6S — 9b

47,331 7 —

36,850 2 — 5,933 l5 6

54,525 12 — 3>759 *7 H

i65,53* 9 a *418,059 1 a

War-Office,

tft December 1779.

C. Jentufcn.

Voi-s}.

,tn6

Decembns.

j. 1779.

*E S T I M AT E of the Charge of the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great , pursuant to Treaties,

for the Year 1780-.

GIBRALTAR.

Three Battalions of His Majesty’s Hanoverian Infantry

MINORCA.

Two Battalions of the same - - - *

NORTH AMERICA.

Troops of HeJJe Cafel, including Staff Officers -Two Regiments of Hanau -

Regiment of IValdeck -

Troops of the Reigning Duke of includ-

ing Staff Officers -

Troops of the Margrave of Brandenbourg Anfpach,

isle....

A Corps of Foot of Anhalt -

Total for Pay -

Subltdies per Annum; viz.

To the Landgrave of HeJJi Cafe/, at the Rate of 480,187 Banco Crowns - -

To the Hereditary Prince of CaJJel, at the Rate of 42,629 Banco Crowns - -

To the Reigning Prince of IValdcch, at the Rate of 25,050 Banco Crowns -

To the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, at the Rate of 64,500 German Crowns -To the Margrave of Brandenbourg isc. at the

Rate of 52,214 Banco Crowns -

To the Reigning Prince of Zerbjl, at the Rate of 22,500 Banco Crowns - -

Total for Subsidies -

Provisions for the Troops at Gibraltar -Provisions for the Forces in North America, deducing t-\d. per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer and private Man, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Public - .

Total -

Numbers.

- -

95° *7 /%

2>373

*3*472 -

1,164 mm

670 -

; 4>3°0 -

*447 -

613 .

41,666

m »

- -

- -

- -

- - .

-- - .

" 14»°39

Pay. (gr. for 366 Days

28,094 6 3

*8,743 15 6

252,347 *7 - -

25»253 4 9

1 lf$9l iS

82*655 *5 Vi.

.27*54 18 3

11,247 5 ii

115*545 2 *

10,257 *5 —

6,027 *3 1 i

n.5‘7 *7 *f

*2.563 *9 ioi

5*4*4 1 3

9*39° xo 2 i

48,801 10 6

Total.

46,838 1 9

410,160 19

161,326 8 8f

58,192 — 8f

676,517 10 2

War-Office, id December 1779.

C. Jenkinson.

20 Geo. III.

V Decembris

477

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1780.

Numbers* Pay, &c. for 366 Days. total.

Pay of Three Companies for the Troops of the Land- 588 «"- —

grave of Heft Caffe I -D* of a Brigade, attached to the Regiment of 15*384 4 —

Hanau - -- -- -D# of a Detachment of Artillery with the Regiment 128 u 00 1 1

of Waldeck *4 - 3 S3 16 —

D* of a Detachment of the Troops of the Margrave

of Brandenbourg, Anfpach, &c. - 44 i»3*9 *6 —

D* of a Detachment with the Corps of Anhalt

Zerbfi ---- Total for Pay -Proportional Subsidies per Annum. To the Landgrave of Hfffe Cajffel, at the Rate of 12 I 786 305 — — 21,154 16 —

22,050 Banco Crowns - - 5.305 *5 —

To the Hereditary Prince of Hejfe ,at the Rate of 4,800 Banco Crowns - - m m Li55 ~ —

To the Reigning Prince of , at the Rate of

523 Banco Crowns ---- " 125 19 — 6,386 14 —

Total - 786 L 27,741 xo —

War Office, lit December 1779.

C. Jenki’ifon.

Vol. 37.

i F

47 8

Decetnbris.

4- *779

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties of South Britain, and of Four Regiments of Fenciblp Men in North Britain, from 25th December 1779 to 24th December 1780, both

inclusive, being 366 Days.

Bedford -

Berks -Bucks -

Cambridge -

Ch’Jler . - - + »

Cornwall - - *

Cumberland -

Derby -

Devon -

Dorset -

Durham -

Eff'ex -

Gloucester -

Hereford -

Hertford -

Huntingdon -

Kent -

Lancaster -

Leicester -

Lincoln - -

Middlesex - -

Monmouth -

Norfork -

Northampton - -

Northumberland -Nottingham -

Oxford -

Rutland -

Stafford -

Somerset -

Southampton - .

Suffolk -

Surrey ....

Sussex....

Warwick ----- IFtjlmore I and -

Worcester - -

For£, West Riding - -

----- North Riding -

— ' — East Riding - -

Jng/efea Brecon -Cardigan -

Carmarthen -

Caernarvon -

Denbigh,

Flint.

Glamorgan -

Merioneth - -

Montgomery -

Pembroke -

Radnor -

Duke of F«rr/w^'sRegiment of Fenci ble

Men -

Duke of Gordon’* D®

Lord Frederick Campbells D® -Colonel IVemyfs's D®-

Total

War-Office, ift December 1779-

Regiment*, Battalions, Numbers. Pay for 366 Days. TOTAL.

or Corps.

I 600 _ 9,098 3 — ,

I 636 — 9,769 3 —

I 708 — 10,800 1 —

I 537 — 7>588 8 —;

I 637 — 9,778 6 —

I 725 10,967 i6 —

I 416 — 6,591 1 —

I 637 — 9,781 7 —

3 1,819 28,172 17 — -

I 759 — 11,291 2 —

I 45* — 6,728 '6 — .

2 - 2 1,230 1,.62 19,166 4 — 17,891 6 —

I 615 . ~ 9,546 to —

I 638 — 9,790 10 —

I 457 ' — 6,929 1-2

2 1,164 — *7,595 9 —

I S93 — 12,608 14 —

I 689 ' 10,254 2 —

2 1,366 — 21,093 16 — -

3 2,17° - — - 32,442 17 —

I 346 — 5,300 18 —

2 1,230 — 19,129 12 —

K 867 — 12,968 12 —

I 706 — 10,766 10 —

1 547 — 8,601 — —

I 631 — 9,390 19 —

I *39 a,»96

I 725 — 10,973 18 —

I 726 " 10,97 3 8 —

I 967 — 14,042 4 —

2 i»235 — 19,276

2 1,182 996 — 18,348 16 —

I — 14,618 13 —

I 899 — 13,261 8 —

I 939 — 14,005 12 —

I 346 — 5»425 *9 ~

I 893 — 12,608 14 —

I 706 *0,775 *3 —

2 1,410 21,557 8 -

I 813 — 11,876 14 —

I 453 — 6,77*

I 92 — *>4*8 5 "

I 181 — a,604 14 —

I *39 — 2,196

X 302 — 4>584 3 —

I 94 — i,442 13 —

I 343 — 5,361 18 —

I *39 — 2,196

I 479 7,344 8 —

I 94 *,442 13 —

I 343 — 5,380 4 —

I 181 2,604 *4 —

I *39 37 >6* 2,196 569,526 IO —

1 1,169 21,099 18 —

I *,169 — 21,099 18 —

I 1,169 — 21,099 *8 —

% 1,169 — 21,099 18 — 84,399 12 ""

4,676

— 42,287 £- 653,926 2 —

C. Jenkinson,

ao Geo. III.

I. Decembris.

479

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the

Year 1780.

Numbers.

States.

1,640^ Serjeants, each £.5 14 7 ---- .

1,059 Drummers, each 3 — 5 - - - - .

33,159 Rank and File, 4 40 - - - - . - .

35»858

Charge*

9,395 16 8

3»*99 3 83,588 6 3

96,183 4 a

War-Office, ill December 1779.

C. Jenkinf

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Additional Companies and Additional to the Embodied Militia in

South Britain, for the Year 1779.

Number of Numbers, Officers C H A RC £.

pays. included.

Westminster Regiment of Middlesex, One Additional Company, from

25th December 1778, to 24th December 1779, both Days inclusive . 365 71 1,025 — 10

Glgucefier -South Regiment, One D% from 24th January 1779, to 24th December following, both inclusive - - 335 68 898 18 4

Hereford Dfrom 25th March 1779, to 24th December following, both inclusive ---- 275 68 737 i* 4

IVurcester D®, for the same Time - 27 5 71 772 5 10

Carmarthen D°, for the same Time 275 74 792 18 4

Buck nghamshire D®, from 25th April 1770, to D* - 244 70 666 18 8

Staff ord/htre D®, from ift May 1779, to D® - 238 88 757 12 8

EfexEast D®, from 25th June 1779, to D® - 183 68 500 4 —

Warwick D®, from ijth August 1779, to D® - i34 72 379 *3 4

D®, ' from iff September 1779, toD® - i»5 72 325 16 8.

Additionals to the Welt Suffolk Regiment, from 25th July 1779, to D° - - - - *53 20 76 xo —

One Additional Company to the same Regiment, from 20th 1779, to D® - 127 .68 347 2 8

-Northumberland D°, from 25th August 1779, to D® 122 7° 333 9 4.

Middlesex East D% from 4th September 1779, to D® 112 7a 3*0 2 8

MiddlesexWeft D’, from 23d November 1779, to D* - - 32 74 9° 13 .4

Norfjlk West D", from 30th September 1779, to D* - 86 68 230 15 4

NorthamptonJJdre D®, from icth October 1779, to D° - '76 72 211 10 8

D®, — D®, from 2ill November 1779, to D® - 72 94 12 8

BedfordshireD’, from 20th October 1779, to D® - 66 74 187

Surrey D®, from 26th October 1779, to D' 60 89 194 10 —

' Total - £. ... ’ . m 1,404 8,943 r3 8

1st December 1779.

C, Jenkinf.

Vql. 37-

l

480

i° Decembfis

Sourharr»pt<

Place of Piling.

A *7»

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the New Levies ordered to be ruled', from 25th December 1779,

24th December 1780, both Lays inclusive; being 366 Days.

Light

f Major

-Dragoons. [ Major HolroyAs -r

Earl of Harrington % Colonel St. Lexer's -Lord Chew ton’s -

Colonel Keating's Lieut. Colonel Cary's Sir Thomas Eger ton's Lieut. Colonel Stuart’s r _ r iColune) Tottenham's ,'^.‘P5 0 Lieut. Colonel s

Infantry.

Colonel M'Ca'niick's -Colonel Ack/and’s -

Colonel Stanton’s -

Colonel Reid's -

(Colonel Dun das's - - - *

Lieut. Colonel G. A North's -Car] of Fauconbergs -

A Corps for the Service of the Isle of Man

Total

N. B. The folowing Additional a provided for on the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons, and on the Plantation Estimate; viz. -

Invalids, 10 Independent Companies -Additional to Lord John Murray’s Regiment of Foot -

D* to Lord M‘Leod's Regiment - -

War-Office,

1st December 1779.

C. Jenkiitfoit.

Numbers. Pay for 166 Days. total

207 - t - t 9.459 11 6

207 9,459 11 6

4*4 J Q r\ T A

, I,8»9r9 3 — *

827 - *5 >35*3 ~

8*7- - 15»S15 7 —

827 I5.350 ‘3 —

8-7 - I5-5*5 7 —

827 - 15.35° J3 —

496 - 9.302 10 —

827 - 15,350 13 —

827 - 15,478 15 --

827 , - ‘5.35° 13 "

827 - *5.5*5 7 —

827 - *5o<5 7 —

827 - 5o«5 7 —

827 - *5.5*5 7 ~

827 - 15.5*5 —

4 !4 - 7,536 11 —

8-7 - *5-5*5 7 —

348 6tog; 1 8 - - 2 39.2 87 15 — '

1

1 3.2 50 1 1 258,206 18 —

1,000 14.457

595 " 1 iry O O tM

464 2,059 7,917 16 — 33.^75 —

k

£0

*b

Hi

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for removing the ensuing Election for a Knight of the Shire for the County of Southampton, from the usual Place of polling.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereur.to; which they l\,id directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the deport be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee land made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the H >use; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments weie once read throughout} and then

20

a Second Time, One bjr One; and, upon the Question ‘

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be t

ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Th'rd Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofied.

Mr. George Bridges Brudenell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the % at Trustees for an Act, passed in the Twemy-seventh Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham,

Leicester, and Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Bowling Green, at Kettering, in the County of *

ampton, was referred; That the Commitfee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of t1 e House,-of the 25th of April1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared,

Ia Decembris*

Ivhm

Importation or Italian Thrown Silk.

Accounts; tad India prohibited Goods,

ao Geo. III.

peared to them to the House *, and he read the Report »n his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read $and is as' folio wet h } viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr Isaac Bavley being examined, said. That considerable Progress has been made in repairing the said lluad, and that there is a Debt of /. 3,600, betides great Arrears of Interest, contracted upon the Credit of the said Act; which Debt cannot be repaid, nor the said Road be continued in Repair, unless tiieTeravof tire-said Act, which is near expiring, be further condoned, and some further Powers given.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to; enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King decree the Second, for repairing and widening the -R0. 0 from ire North End of Bridgcfvrd in the County of Nottingham to and through several Towns

and P aces in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, and Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Bowling

Green, at Kettering, in the County of Northampton: And that Mr. George Bridges Brudettelland Mr. do prepare, and bring tn, the lame.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands,' Commonable Grounds, and Commons in the Open and Common Fields and Meadows of Barham, in the County of Huntingdon, was prefen ted to the House,

and read; Setting forth. That the said Open and Common Fiel ds and Meadows lie intermixed and dif-perled in small Parcels, and, in their present Situatiorv are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to all the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid. under such Regulations and JU-strictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Hmchingbrefik and the Lord Ludlow do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Ord presented to the House. according to-Order,

a Bill for continuing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refill ed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Dcor; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

N* I. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, imported into Saint Helens and Private-Trade Warehouse in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1778 to Michaelmas 1779; including the Old Unclaimed Goods found in the Wavel ouse, what delivered out for Exportation during that Period, anti what remained in the said Warthouse at Michaelmas 1779: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited Rad India Goods, imported into Leaden.hall Warehouse, from Michaelmas 1778 to Michaelmas 1779; also what exported during that Time; and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1779: And allb,

N° 3. An Acc. unt of prohibited East India Goods, Remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of London at Michaelmas 1778, whai have been fence brought in, what exported, as also what- remained at Michaelmas 1779: And also,

Vq». 37:

N°4. An, Account of Eafi Ind'm Goods, prohibited to be worn io this Kingdom, in the respective Ware-houses in tbs Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1778; what have been since brought in, what exported; as also what, remained at Michaelmas 1779: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited Eafi. India Goods which have been delivered out. of the Warehouses Saint Helens, Leadenhall, and Billiter Lane, and the Cliftora House in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1778, in order to be dyed, glased, and refreshed, what, have been since returned, and what remained out at Michaelmas, 1779: And also,

' N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of Louden, from; Michaelmas 1778

to Michaelmas 177,9: AndaMo,

N*7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Raffia into the Ports of England* commonly called The Out Ports, from Michaelmas, 177810 Michaelmas 1779: And also,

N° 9. An Account of the Number of Ships which -have been employed in the Whale Fi&crj to Davis's Streights, and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged* and also what Quantity of Oih of Whale Fins, each Ship has imported in the Year l'jfjp.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

T he said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, to whom, the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the South End of The South , in the Parish of South Mailing, near the Town of Lfwes, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence through Firle Street under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of Aifriftom, in the County of Sussex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the' Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, aa it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Francis Wheeler, Clerk to the Trustees, informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and that a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed and now remains due; which cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the South End of The South ,in the Parish of South Malting, near the Town of Lewes, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence, through Pirle Street under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of in the County of Sussex r And that Mr. Ord, Mr. Dickenfin, and Lord George Lenox, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.- *

A Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled," An Act to empower His Majesty to secure 6G " and

Kara!

Sweet,

Whale

Fishety.

Smith

Mailing,

Sec.

Road,

America: Bill to detain ftlfpected Personi,

A*co«nt!

Irish

Trade.

482 i° Decembfis. . 1779.

" and 'detain Persons charged with,- or suspected of, imported into from Great for lo Years,

" the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of ending 25th March 1778; each Year distinguished, M His Majesty’s Colonies of Plantations in America, or with a Medium of the first Eight Years compared with " on the High Stas, or the Crime of Piracy," was each of the Two last Years: And also, read a Second Time. r An Account of the Number of Yards of Fustians

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. ' imported into from for 10 Years,

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee ending 25th March 1778} each Year distinguished, of the Whole House. , with a Medium of the firli Eight Years compared with

'ReftdvedyThat this House will, to morrow-Morning, each of the Two last Years: And also, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hpule, An Account, of the Quantities of enumerated Goods upon the said Bill.; exported from Scotland into Ireland, from the Year 1764

- . to the 5th January 1779: And also.

The Lord North presented to the House, pursuant f An Account of the Quantities of enumerated Goods to their Address to His Majesty of the 26th Day of imported into Scotland from , from the Year

May, in the last Session of Parliament,; 1764, to the 5th January 1779: And also.

Copy of a Letter to his Excellency the Lord Lieu- An Account of all Duties paid on the Importation tenant of Ireland, from the Commissioners of the Re- of Rough Hemp into that Part of called

venue, dated Custom-House, Dublin, 26th May 1779: England, as also all Drawbacks paid upon the Re-ex-

And also, portation of the same to Ireland, from 1740

Copy of the Report of the Commissioners of the to Christmas 1777, distinguishing each Year: And Revenue in Ireland, upon the Addresses of the Lords also,

and Commons of Great Britain, relative to the State An Account of the Quantities of Woollen Goods of and Trade, &c. of Ireland, dated 26th June 1779: all Sorts, exported from that Partof Great Britain call-And also, ed England, from 1758 to Christmas 1771,

An Account of the Hereditary Revenue, under the and from Christmas 1776 to Christmas 1778, which is Head of Customs Inward, for 10 Years, ending at Lady. as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Day, 1778: And also, different Years, and what have been shipped from the

An Account of the Quantity of Butter exported out Port of London separately, and what have been dripped of Ireland, for 10 Years, ending 25th March, 1778: from the Out Ports under One General Head, and for each Year distinguished, with a Medium of the first' what Countries Abroad the Entries have been made; Eight Years compared with each of the Two last Years: and also an Estimate of the Value of such Wooljen And also, Goods, as they stand in the Inspector General’s Books:

An Account of the Number of Tanned Hides ex- And also, ported out of Ireland, for 10 Years, ending 25th An Account of the Quantities of Beef exported March 1778; each Year distinguished, with a Me- from Ireland, from the Year 1768 to 1778: And dium of the first Eight Years compared with each of the also,

Two last Years: And also, An Account of the Quantities of Tallow exported

An Account of the Number of Raw Hides exported from Ireland, from the Year 1768 to 1778: And out of Ireland, for 20 Years, ending 25th March 1778; also,

each Year distinguished, with a Medium of the first An Account of the Quantities of Pork exported Eight Years compared with each of the Two last Years: from from the Year 1768 to 1778: And

And also, ' also,

An Account of the Quantity of Silk Manufactures An Account of the Quantities of Linen Cloth ex-imported from Great Britain, into Ireland, for 10 Years, ported from Ireland, from the Year 1768 to 1778: Ending 25th March 1778; each Year distinguished, with And also,

a Medium of the firstEight Years compared with each An Account of the Medium Quantities within every of the Two last Years: And also, Seven Years, of Cotton Wool exported from that Part

An Account of the Quantity of Mixed Manufac- of Great Britain called England to Ireland, from the

tures of Linen, Cotton, and Silk, imported from Great 1 ft of January 1751 to the ift January 1779, which

Britain into Ireland,-for 10 Years, ending 25th March is as far as the same can be made up; And also,

1778; each Year distinguished, with a Medium of the An Account of the Bounties that have been paid or first Eight Years compared with each of the Two last payable on Irish Linens exported from England, from Years: And also, Christmas, 1743 to Christmas, 1778, which is as far as

An Account of the Number of Yardsjof^New Dra- the same can be made up, distinguishing the Number

?:ry imported into Ireland from Great Britain, for 10 of Yards for which the Bounties have been paid or

eats, ending 25th March 1778, each Year distin- payable, and the computed Value of the Linens ib ex-guished, with a Medium of the first Eight Years ported: And also,

compared with each of the Two last Years: And An Account of the Medium Quantities within every also, Seven Years, of Raw Sugars exported from that Part of

An Account of the Number of Yards of Old Dra- Great Britain called England to Ireland, from Christmas pery imported into Ireland from Great Britain, for 10 1750 to Christmas 1778, which is as far as the same can Years, ending 25th March 1778; each Year distin- be made up: And also,

guished, with a Medium of the firstEight Years com- . An Account of the Medium Quantities of Canvals

pared with each of the Two last Years: And also, and Sail Cloth exported to and imported from Ireland,

An Account of the Number of Yards of Callicoe from the Year 17.0 to 1746, from the Year 1746 to

Rained, imported into Ireland from Great Britain, for the Year 1750, from 1750 to 1754, and from 1754 to

10 Years, ending 25th March 1778 each Year distin- 1760, with a Medium of each Period: guished, with a Medium of the firstEight Years com- Together with a List of the said Copies and Ac-pared with each of the Two last Years: And also, counts.

An Account of the Number of Yards of Canvass im- And the said Lift was read,

ported into Ireland from Great Britain, for 10 Years, The House was moved. That the Entry in the Jour-ending 25th March 17781 each Year distinguished, nal of the House, of the 8th Day of February 1688, of , with a Medium of the first Eight Years compared with the Report from the Committee appointed to draw up each of the Two last Y< a-s: And also, . Amendments to the Vote of the Lords of the 6th ,of

An Account of the Number of Yards of Keatings February 1688, sent down to this House for their

’ Concurrence

*5

20 Geo. III.

-2® Decembris.

483

Concurrence, upon the Debate of the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Copies and Accounts do lie

upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies and Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Setlion.

Privilege. The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 8th Day of February 1688, of the said Report, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Complaint was made to the House, of a Printed Newspaper, intituled, " The from

M Thursday November 25, to Saturday November 27, " 1779,’’ printed by T. Matthews, N® 5, Catherine Street Strand, as containing a gross Misrepresentation of a Speech of a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

And the said Paper was, delivered in at the Table, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the said printed Newspaper be referred to the said Committee.

Nnherbridge A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in fcc.: and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the

ftoads. Thirty-Second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing, amending, and widening the Roads from the " South West End of Nether bridge, in the County of Westmoreland, by Sizerghfell-ftde, to Leven's Bridge,

" and from thence through the Town of Milt hr of, " to Dixcs and from the Town of Milthrop aforesaid, " to Hangbridge, and from thence to join the Heron " Syke Turnpike Road at The Guide Ptjl near " throp Hall, in the County aforesaid," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions thereof; and that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring, and the Tolls are insufficient for the Purposes of keeping the said Road in Repair, and paying off the Money borrowed; and several other Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made in the said Act; and that the said Road cannot be kept in good Repair, and the Money owing be repaid, unless the said Term is further continued, and the said Act amended and made more effectual: And-therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee t And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir James Lowther, Mr. Lowther, &c.: And they are to meet to Tomorrow Morning, at Nine nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Supply. The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord, took the Chair of the Co'mmittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-VoLi 37.

rested him to report, when the House will pleaseto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they ' may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2° die Decembris;

Anno 20® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1779.

P a a r x r s.

THE Bill (now ingrafted) for removing the ensuing Southampton Election for a Knight of the Shire for the County Place of of Southampton from the usual Place of polling was, was according to Order, read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 10. After " Southampton'* to insert " and if not otherwise provided for, will be held,"

1. 30. After " at " to insert " the Town " of New."

1. 37. After ot " to insert " New."

1. 38. After " aforesaid" to insert " and " the Adjournment of the said " County Court, if any such has " been made, and is now de-" pending, to the said City of " Winchester, or any other Place,

" shall be deemed and taken to " be legally made to the said " Town of New Alresford."

Pr. 3. 1. 4. After " of " to insert " New."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for holding the ensuing Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Southampton, at the Town of New Alresford, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Street.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom Taunton the Petition of Benjamin Hammet, of fVilttn, in the New County of Somerset, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Nezvton being examined, said. That he knows the present Lane or Way called Magdalen Lane, leading from the Fore Street in Taunton, in the County of 5a-meifet,"to the Church of Saint Mary Magdalen in the said Town, and that the same is very narrow and inconvenient.

That the laying out and building a proper and commodious Street from Fore Street to the said Church, wili be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants

4$4 V Decembrist 1779.

bitants of the said Town, and will open a View to that antient and celebrated Structure, , '

That, in order to lay out and build the said Stnet, it will be neoeftary to take down an old ruinous AWns-house and Two Dwelling Hoafits, and also certain other Houses and Buildings of small Value; and also to purchasi: certain Garden Grounds, and othet Premises.

Benjamin Hammet, Esquire, being present, Ggnified to your Committee, that he is desirous to undertake to lay out and build the said Street if he shall be au- . thorised so to do; provided the Ground of the present Lane or Way leading from Fart Street, to’ the said Church, shall be vetted in him qpd bia Heirs.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Benjamin Hammet, Esquire, to lay out and build a new Street, from Fore Street to the Church of Saint Mary Magdalen, within die Town of Taunton, in the County of Stmof<itt *Ti<f to purchase certain Lands and Tenements for the Purposes aforesaid; and for vetting the present Lane leading to the said Church, in him and his Heirs: And that Mr, Popkam and Mr. Holliday do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Aberystwyth A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, and other Capi-Harbour. tal Burgesses, of the Corporation, of Aberystwyth, in the County of Cardigan, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others. Owners of Estates within the said Town, and also of several Proprietors of, and Persons into-retted in Ships and Vessels trading to and from the same, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was preferred to the House, and read, Setting forth. That the Tow® of Abetypmyth is a Port of very considerable Trade, which hath of late Years greatly increased; and the Ships and Vessels now belonging to the Harbour there, and trading to and from the said Port, are more numerous, and of larger Dimensions, than heretofore; and that the Harbour of the said Port, by reason of a large Bank of Sand-which Croffea the Entrance of it, is so greatly obstructcd1, that the navigating of Vessels, even of very small Burthen, into or out of the fame, is become very difficult and dangerous, and often impracticable, to the great Detriment of the Trade of the said Town and Portland to the Danger and Inconvenience as well of Ships and Vessels belonging to the feme, which, by reason of such Obfttuftion, are obliged to'ride in the Bay of Cardigan, as of Inch other Ships Vessels as are driven on the Coast by Stress of ’Weather j and that several Sums of Money have been from Time to Time expended in improving the said Harbour $ which afforded only a Temporary Relief, of the Storms from the Sea gradually formed a freth ’ Bank of Sand to obstruct the Entrance, instead of the Obstruction removed; and the Harbour, in its present ruinous Stare, is in great Danger ol being entirely loft ami destroyed, which renders the clearing, deepening,' enlarging, and securing the fame, and the making of iuftkient additional Works thereto, absolutely necessary, both for public Utility, and the Preservation and Advantage of the Trade of the said Town and Port: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as they shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Baldwyu, &c:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock; in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend fur Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tcibury A Petition of several of the Trustees for the Second „ District of Roadi comprized in an Act, passed an the Th»rty-first Year of his late Majesty King George the Rosd. Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Tetbury to the Gates on the Weil of i.

’9

Dawn, and from the Turnpike Gate at the Top of Frocester Hill, to- the Turnpike Road from Cirencester towards Bath, and from the Field called Sleight,

to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road front -Horsley to Tetbury, near Tiltups Inn, and from the Mar-

ket House in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on chinhampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchinhampton Field, unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Afkand from the said Turnpike Road to Tayloe's Mill Pond in Chalf or d

and through Hide to the Bottom of The Bourn. Hill, in the County of Gleucester, and also of the Mortgagee of the Tolls of the said Second District, was pretented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by tha said Act the several Roads therein compri2ed Were fe--- parated into Two Districts, the Second of which, including the Roads from the Market House in the said

Town of Tetbury, to the Turnpike Road on -

hampton Common, and from such Part of the said Road in Minchinhampton Field, where the Roads leading to Minchinhampton, Avening, Cherrington, and Hide, part,

unto the said Turnpike Road leading from to the Town of Stroud, at or near a. Place called The Burnt Aflt, and from the said last mentioned Turnpike Road near The Burnt Ash to Tayioe’s Mill Pond in Chai-ford Bottom, and also through Hide to the River at the Bottom of The Bourn Hill, is under the Care and Management of the Petitioners and others, Trustees appointed by virtue of the faitl Act; and that the (hid Act, so far as relates to the said Second Distnft, hath-been put in Execution, and great Progress hath been made in amending the Roads included therein j in doing' which, the Tolls directed to be taken, together with a eoasiderable Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, luve been duly applied; and that the Money fq borrowed remains due, and cannot be paid off, or the Roads comprized in the said Second District, be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, which is Very near expiring, be continued and enlarged: And therefore prayings That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall feero meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committtee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penruddock, Mr. Goddard,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Scend Street, Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of fcc. the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, ^oaQ*

for repairing and widening the Road, from the Well End of Seend Street, in the County of to the Hotfe

and Jockey, in the Parish of Boxin the said County, and of several other Persons living near or travelling the said Road, was presented to the House, and read*

Setting forth. That the said Act hath been put in Execution to the great Advantage of the Public, whereby a considerable Debt hath been contrafted, which still remains due, and the said Act is near expiring; and that the making of a Road from near the Ninety-fourth Mile Stone on the Turnpike Road under the Petitioners Care, in the Chapelry of Seend, along a Lane called Head Lane, and from thence over Twyford's Acre, and other Lands belonging to different Persons, and through a Lane called Selfe’s Green, to communicate with the Turnpike Road from Seend to The Devizes, at or near

Somerham Brook, in the said Chapelry of , will be of great Convenience to Travellers, not only by ftiortening the great Bath Road, but likewjfo by avoiding Two lleep and dangerous Hills; and that the Road

leading

20 Geo. III. 2° Decembris. 485

leading out of the present Turnpike Road under the Petitioners Care, near the George in,

through Forest Lane, to the End of the Parish of

sham, in the Road to Bowden in the Parish of Laycock; and also the Road nearly from the Ninety-sixth Mile Stone in Meto a Place called Out-tnarsh, in the said Pa.ifh of Melksham; and also the Road nearly from the Ninety-eighth Mile Stone on the Top of Shaw Hill, in the said Parish of Melhsham, to or near Norrington-Lane, in the Parish of Broughton Gifford; and also the Road from the Turnpike House at Atworth, to the West End of Clack’s near the

Top of Ganbrooke Hill, in the Parish of Bradford j and allb the Road from the said Turnpike House, to a Place called Goblin s Pit, in the Road to Corsham; all in the said County of Wilts, are much out of Repair, narrow in some Parts, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave *may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Reparation of the Roads included in the said recited Act, for making the said new Road, and for amending the other Roads above described.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penruddock, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

TStup’s Inn Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Road traders, Freeholders, and others, residing near, or frequently travelling, the Road from Tittup's Inn, in the Pari fli ot Horseley, to ,in the Parish of

R: -thorough, and from Nai/sworth, in the Parish of Avenw.g. to the Turnpike Road leading from hampton to Stroud, on Minchinhampton Common, all in the County of Gloucester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Wilkins being examined, laid, That the Roads before-mentioned are greatly out of Repair, and in so ruinous a Condition as to be dangerous to Pafien-gers, and in many Parts so narrow as to be impassable for Carriages — That the Methods prescribed by the Laws in being, are insufficient to amend and keep them in Repair — That it would be of great Convenience to all Persons having Occasion to use the said Roads, as well as of public Utility, if the same were properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair, and the Course thereof in some Parts altered, whereby an easier and near Communication would be opened between the Cities of Gloucester and Bath than is at present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Road from Tittup's Inn, in the Parish of Horseley, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to Dudbridge, at or near Dudbridge, in the Parish of; and from the

Bridge at Nailsworth, in the Parish of , to the Turnpike Road upon Minchinhampton Common', and from the said Bridge, by Hawcombe and Iron Mill Hill, up The Well Hill, to the said last mentioned Turnpike Road, all in the County of Gloucester: And that Sir Vol. 37.

William Guise, Sir William Codrington, and Mr. Chester, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Eighty-five thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, including Eighteen thousand Seven hundred and Seventy nine Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Four Pounds Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Eighty-five thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Report be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller for the Yeas* } z9.

Tellers for the Noes.j^ J 63.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- W*y» ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *od Mean* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Lord George Germain, Mr. Hujfey, Mr. Committee Baker, Lord Adam Gordon, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord p,

John Cavendish, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Sir Adam ,lvl ’

Fergujfon, Mr. Powys, Mr. George Onfow, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Sir Herbert Mackworth, Mr. Sir

Charles Cocks, Mr. Annefey, Mr. Barrow, Mr.

Mr. Burke, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Mr.

Ellis, Mr. Brett, Lord George Cavendish, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Morton, Mr. Dempster, Mr. de Grey,

Mr. Strahan, Mr. Combe, Sir John Goodricke, Mr.

Cat or, Mr. Tuffnell, and Mr. Mellish, be added to the Committee of Privileges.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the America; whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing an S'11. Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His f°fdc^ present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to impower His Person*.

" Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with,

" or suspected of, the Crime of High Treal'on, committed in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime " of Piracy."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

6 H

Scarrifcgton

and

Afla&on

Inclosure.

Stonefby

Inclosure.

Hockliffe

and

Woburn

Roads.

Aberystwyth

Harbour.

3* Decetnbris.

A. 177.9.

V erteris, 3* die;

Anno 2o* Georgii UP" Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

A BILL for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of and AJlablon,

in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Edward Bentinck, Mr. Hungerford,: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

" A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in , in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. gerford, Lord Edward Bentinck, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Ongley prel'ented to the House, according to Order, a Bid for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts, made, in the First and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Johttes, junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, and other Capital Burgesses of the Corporation of Aberyjl-xvyth in the County of Cardigan, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy', and others. Owners of Estates within the said 1 own, and also of several Proprietors of, and Persons interested in Ships and Vessels trading to and from the same, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Jones being examined, said. That he knows the Town of Aberystwyth; that the same is a Port of very considerable Trade, which has greatly encreased of late Years; and that the Vessels trading to the said Port are more numerous and of larger Size than formerly — That the Harbour of the Port is greatly obstructed by a large Bank of Sand, which erodes the Entrance of it, whereby the Navigation of Vessels, even of very finall Burthen, is rendered very difficult and dangerous, and at particular Times impracticable, to the great Detriment of the Trade of the Town arid Port,.

That several Sums of Money have been, from Time to Time, expended in improving the said Harbour, which has only afforded a Temporary Relief: That the Harbour is at present in a veiy ruinous State, in-fomitch, that it is in Danger of being entirely destroyed; and that the Improvement and Preservation of the same will be of great public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, enlarging, and improving, the Harbour of Aberystwyth, in the County of Cardigan; And that

l9

Mr. Johnes, junior, tire Lord Lisburne, and; Nlt. Joknes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections: And the same was received; and read the First Time, j Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of all Officers above the Rank of Lieutenant, serving in the Militia, who have delivered in their Qualifications to any Clerk of the Peace for any County, Hiding, or Place, within the Kingdom of England, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act of the Eighteenth of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws " relating to the raising and training the Militia within " that Part of Great Britain called England; and to " establish certain Regulations with respect to Officers " serving in the Corps of Fencible Men directed to lie " raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other Corps therein mentioned."

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of all Entries of the Qual fications of Officers above the Rank of Lieutenanr serving in the Militia, and of all Certificates of such Officers having taken the Oaths prescribed by Law, which have been made ami in-. rolled by any Clerk or Clerks of the Peace, for any County, Riding, or Place, within the Kingdom of England, and have by him or them been transmitted to any of His Majesty’s Secretaries of State before the First Day of December- 1779* in pursuance of the Directions of an Act of the Nineteenth of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and " render more effectual, the several Laws now in being, relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom.; " and for making certain Provisions relative to the " Fencible Men in that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several " Laws now in being relative to the Militia Forces of " this Kingdom; and for making certain Provisions relative to the Fencible Men in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify such Officers of the Militia as have not transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace, Descriptiors of iheir Qualifications, and Certificates of their having taken the Oaths, as required by the said Act; and for giving further Time for those Purposes: And that Mr. Winchcombe Hartley and Mr. Minchitt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for. further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of tire Reig 1 of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to l'ecure " and detain Persons charged with, or iuipefted of, the " Crime of High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the " High Seas, or tire Crime of Piracy," was committed.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment,

Votes it

County

tic&ioas.

Miiiria

Officer*

Qualification.

Ditto.

Militia

Officer!

Intfcmiiiiy.

America} Bill to derain fu faceted Perfom.

sd'Gjeq. III.

3* Decefnbfis.

487

ment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed'to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingrossed.

Imitation A Bill for continuing an Act, made in the last of Italian Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation Thrown Silk. of ftne Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved', That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1780, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Offide of Ordnance, for the Year 1780.

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, BaiVacks, Platforms, Carriage?, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges

Gihr a Iter and North Britain -

Minorca ——

St. John's and Placentia in Newfoundland -

Eijt Florida -

West Florida -

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at

¥ oh ago

Quebec -

NewToik ——

Halifax ——

Pay of the Corps of Engineers ——

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery consisting of 5,241 Men Officers included -Establishment of ti e Royal Military Academy at Woolwich '-----

Estabhlhment of the laboratory at Woolzvich -

Pay of Master Conners of the several Garrisons in Great and of the Gunners

at St. James's Park and the Tower of London -

An Allowance in lieu of Coals and Candles to the Master Gunners and Gunners of the several Garrisons in Great Britain ——

Ellablill)ment of Maftfrs and Draughtfmen in the Tower of London -Pay of L'cut. General George Williamson, as Inspector of Artillery for North Newfoundland, and West India Islands ——

To Major General Will" Phillips, for the Loss he sustained by the Office of Inspector and Commander of Artillery at Gibralter and Minorca being difeontiriued, and also in Confickration of his good Services - - '

To Major General Sam1 Cleave/and, in Consideration of his good Services -

To General William Be'ford, for his good Services -

To John Chalmers, Esquire, late Major of Artillery, in Consideration of his Services -To Lieut. General Thomas Defaguliers, for his extraordinary Services at the Siege of Pallais, in Be!lei fie, and on several Expeditions -

To Coi° T. m Roy Engineer, for surveying the Coasts of Great , and the adjacent Islands thereto belonging -

To Lieut. Col° Hugh Debbitg, Engineer, for his good Services on several extraordinary Occasions -

To Co," Joseph Bronte, in Consideration of his good Services in Flanders and Ger-

m

any

To Captain W"’ Congreve, in Consideration of his good Services -

To Lieut. Col° Matthew Dixon, Sub-Director of Engineers, in Consideration of his good Services on several extraordinary Occafmns - -

Pay to Lieut. General Tho' Defaguliers, as Inspector of Brass and Iron Ordnance Pay to Captain Sam1 Tovey, as Assistant Inspector of Brass and Iron Ordnance -To Lieut. Col° John Brewfe, Engineer, in Consideration of his long and faithful Services in the IT eft Indies, North America, and other Places - - -. -

Pay to Captain William Congreve, as Superintending and toother Officers of Military Machines used in the Service of the Artillery -

Pay ot superannuatid and disabled Officers and Men who hive fetved well in the Trains of Artillery, in Flanders, Germany, North , Africa, the Fajl and West Indies,

with the Half Pay of Officers reduced, and Widows Pensions a u

36,092 7 6

1,049 18 — *,300,) — 1,15a iS — 658 t6 — 969 18 — 226 5 — 845 8 —

329 8 —

521 11 — 9,076 6 8 144»368 14 — 1,644 14 —

9+7 5 —

2,15^ 5 —

934 -

2,203 *7 —

457 10 —

457 10 —

91 10 — 329 8 — 274 xo —

457 10 —

366-----

366-----

183-----

183-----

183-----

500 — — 80----

183 — —

219 12 —

11,273 10 6 220,076 18 8

Vol. 37.

Ordnance

Estimate*

488 3° Decembris.

A. 1779.

EXTRAORDINARIES.

Pay of a Militia Company of Artificers serving in the Garrison at Gibraltar -

Towards repairing the Forti-f s, F lmJ and

fications, Barracks, Store-1 ' Harbour, m

houses, and carrying on the Place - - - -current Service, at (.

For keeping in Repair the Fort at , and other Fortifications

and Barracks in Scotland -

Towards inclosing and fortifying the Dock Yard at Portsmouth -For keeping in Repair the Fortifications at Portsmouth and Gosport Erecting a Fort with Barracks, &c. at Gill Kicker Point -Works at Priddy's Hard -

For keeping in Repair the Fortifications in the Plymouth Division Towards completing the Enlargement of the Gun Wharf Magazines and Storehouses at Plymouth -

Pay of Engineers, Officers, Conductors, Artificers, and Drivers,

- with the several Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty’s Forces in North America -

Towards defraying Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery in North America -

Towards defraying the Hire of Transports in the Service of this Office - -

To complete the new facing of the old Counterscarp Wall round Tower Ditch, and erect a Parapet on the same -

f Plymouth, Pendennis, (Ac. - -Chatham Lines - -

Strengthening the I Dover Castle - -Fortifications at \ Landguard Fort -Sheerness - -

_GraveJend and Tilbury - -

Charge of keeping the Barges, with their Tackling, &c. in Repair, and for paying the Bargemen and others employed in maintaining the Communication between Gravesend and Tilbury -Towards completing the several new Offices for the Ordnance in

the Tower - -

Towards defraying the Expences of a new Wharf, forming by the

Convicts, to enlarge the Warren at Woolwich, for the more expeditious carrying on the Service -

Towards erecting additional Storehouses, Smiths and Carpenters Shops, and other Buildings, in Woolwich Warren - -

Towards erecting an Hospital and other Buildings at the new Barracks at Woolwich - -

Erecting Two additional Towers, and a small Magazine and Cafe-mate, for the new Barracks in Vale Castle, in the Island of Guernsey ——

For Rent of Houses, and fitting up the same as Barracks, for the Reception of Troops in the Island of Jersey -

Two Hundred Tons of Salt Petre -

2,253 l9 —

500 — —

400 — —

3,000-----"

20,764 8 2

4>259 12 2

6,300 — —

I>175 — .

2,682 16 8

430-----

24,222 15 —

50.000 — —

40.000 — —

1,384 15 10 20,58a 18 2

9,831 10 — 5,900-----

5.000 -

2.000 — — 500 — —

3,800-----

6,000 — —

3,000 — — 6,254 10 — 4>716 6 3

700 — —

2,000 — — 10,600 — —

Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, and not provided for by Parliament, in 1779.

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange for the Purchase of Stores and carrying on the current Service at Halifax in Nova Scotia - -

Pay of superannuated and Half Pay Officers, and others, to 31 December 1779 -

The Difference of Pay of One First Lieutenant added to each of the 32 Companies of Artillery, and of One Second Lieutenant reduced, from 1 July to 31 December 1779, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 30 June 1779 -

Railing and arming Eight new Companies of Artillery added to the Regiment, confiding of 928 Men, Officers included, with the Pay of the fame, from 1 July to 31 December 1779, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 30 June 1779 - -

Charge of forming the Eight Companies of Artillery Invalids into a 'Battalion, Including the Pay and Arms for Two additional Companies, consisting of 105 Men, Officers included, from 1 July v to 3.1. December 1779, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 30 June 1779 - ....

£ s. d.

3,040-----

416 15 xi

294 8 —

17,846 4 4

1,826 12 8

238,059 n 3 458,136 9 11

Money

20 Geo. III. 3* Decembris.

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange* drawn by the Pay-mailer to the TVams of Artillery in North America, and Money lent on Account of the Staff, and Contingencies in 1779 «>

On Account of the Wire' of armed Transports to carry Stores to North America, the West Indief, Mediterranean, including Payment for the Ship Adventure taken aC Grenada - -

Money ifl’ued for carrying on i Quebec -

the Current Service and East Florida - Contingencies, at ( West Flo Ada- -

Money issued for carrying on the Works at West Florida, purfUant to His Majesty’s Order 8 July 1778 -

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn front Dominica, on Account of Works -

Arms delivered to the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, 2d Troop of Horse Grenadier Guards, ill Regiment of Dragoon Guards,

11 Regiments of Dragoons, 2 Regiments of Feneible Men, the

3 Regiments of Foot Guards, to several new-raised Regiments, and Volunteers, to the Royal Regiment of Artilleiy, and to sundry Regiments of Foot, pursuant to His Majesty’a Warrants, 3 November, :o and 24 December, 1778; 19 January, 4, to, 16, and 19 . February, 8, 11, 17, and 22 March, 5, 15, 19, 23, 26, and 30

April,8, 14, and zj May, it June, 1,5, 9* 23, 27, and 31 5, 10, 16, 20, 23,'26, 3Q, and 31 8, 15, and 28

5, 15, and 28 October, and November, 1779 Money issued to the principal Officers of His Majesty’s Ordnance in Ireland, for 1,000 Stands of Arms, supplied Recruits for the Additional Companies; to the Regiments serving in North America, transferred from the Irish to the British Establishment, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant |i A-‘gust 1779 - -

Arms and Accoutneroents delivered to the Militia of the- Counties of Leicester, Bedford, Hants, Denbig Middlesex, Hertford, Gloucester, Kent, Westtnoreland, Hereford, Derby,

York, Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Northampton, Huntingdon, Norfolk, Worcester, Somerset, Wilts, Cambridge, Buckingham, Devon, Dorset,

Surrey, Essex, Stafford, Lincoln, Anglesea, Caernarvon, Northumberland,

Cumberland, Suffolk, Chester, and Radnor, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 3 and July, 17, 18, and 22 0Bober, it and 16 4* 17, and 24 December, 1778; 4, 6^ and 20 January, 8, II, 14,

and 29 March, 2, 5, 7, 19, 22, 28^ and 30 April, 8, 17, and 29 May, 4, 9, and 23 June, j and 17 July, 10, 16, 19, 20, 13, and 31 August, 8, 10, 17, 23, 25, and 30 September, 15, 18,

and 2i October, 1779 -

Ammunition delivered to 47 Regiments and Corps of Militia, for Exercise, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 18th May 1763 -Ammunition delivered to 24 Regiments of Militia, for actual Service - -,:-

An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 19

12 and 25 May 1778 -

Tents supplied lundry Regiments of Horse and Foot, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 17 OElo and 31 December 1778, 30 January, 4 February, 23 April, 24 June, 31 July, and 10 September ij19 - -

Tents supplied lundry Regiments of Militia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants and Orders 23 and 29 April, 12 and 28 June, and

23 August 1779....

Purchase of Salt Petre (the Cargo of the Dutch Ship The Zeepart) with Freight, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 19 June 1779 A Supply of Brass and Iron Ordnance, Brass Mortars, Powder, and other Stores, demanded and shipped for Gibraltar, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders 5 February and 26 July 1779 -

Timber and Building Materials demanded and shipped, for Gibraltar, on Account of the Works, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 5 February 1779

A Supply of Brals Ordnance and Stores demanded and shipped, for com piking the estabitshed Proportion at Minorca, to 31 - ster- 1778 -

Brals Ordnance and Stores demanded and shipped for Minorca,

..for the Souterc'ains-----

Brass and Iron Ordnance '\Guernsey, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order and Stores sent for f 11 April *779 -

the Defence of the (Jersey, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order Islands of,) 7 September 1779 - -

Iron Ordnance, Brals Mortars, Powder, and other Stores, sent for Defence of Newfoundland -

Vol. 37. 6 I

63,014 14 —

67,309 7

887----

900----

4,627 to 3

7,882 — 1

3,626 2 11

74,105 10 1

1.9*3 7 —

*3.9*3 *5 4 2,725 18 6

1,*80 7 4 726 7 3

8,513 6 10

7,744 10 10 35,596 2 —

29»°54 *4 6 5.216 6 8

3.223 6 9

*.363 6 10

6.273 *5 —

7,858 17 2 7.523 6 9

49°

3* Decembr

A. i

A Supply of Stores demanded and sent to , to complete a

Field Train ——

A Supply of Stores demanded and sent for Senegal, but landed at Gem, pursuant to His Majesty's Order 27 November 1778 -

Ordnance and Stores sent on an Expedition to , with the Pay of Officers, Artificers, and Attendants, from 1 December 1778 to 31 December 1779, also on Account of Contingencies - - .

Iron Ordnance, Powder, intrenching Tools, and other Stores, demanded and sent to New York, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders 9 November 1778 and 12 February 1779 " -

A Supply of Stores, Artificers Tools, and Materials, demanded.and sent for Service of the Field Train in , pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 11 December 1778 - -

Brass Ordnance and Stores shipped for the Defence of the Island of Jamaica, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 22 October 1779 -

a , f Jamaica, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 3 July 1779

Anns and Am-1 Newfoundland, per D# March 1779

mmmionforj Pmjmmlh Mi‘p,ymmh - .

Ammunition sent for His Majesty’s Service to Chatham, Paddy's Hard, and Edinburgh Castle - -

Ammunition delivered for Use of a Regiment of Foot, and sundry Recruits, ordered to North America and the F,ajl Indies -Ammunition sent to Hull, for Service and Exercise of Recruits -Brass Mortars, intrenching Tools, arid other Stores, sent to Plymouth -

(Tenby-

Berwick Landguard Fort Dover Chatham Lynn Reris -Hull -

Pay of Superintendants and Crews, and victualling the fame, on board the Britannia and Hibernia Hulks, employed as floating Batteries for the Defence of Dublin , from 1 January to

3! December 1779

Iron Ordnance and Stores for Defence of

I-

4,690

d.

5 ~

52,718 12 n

25,867 14 9J North Britain, to

Pay of Officers and Artificers on the Artillery Staff in England, from 1 January to 31 December 1779 -

Hire of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers, attending the Battalion Guns, and Trains of Artillery, from \ January to 31 December

y’779 -

Charge of Waggons, Tents, Ammunition, and other Stores, Forage, and Incidents Brass Orqnance and Stores sent to Perth in complete the Field Train Hire of Horses for the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty’s Forces in Scotland, from 25 August 1778 to 31 August 1779 Paid in 1779 on Account of Works and Incidents at Senegal, with the Pay of Officers and Artificers at Senegal and Gambia, from 2 1 December 1778 to 30 June 1779 " - -

Paid on Account of keeping the Barges, with their Tackling, iAc. in Repair, and for Wages of Bargemen and others, employed in maintaining the Communication between Gravesend and Tilbury ——

Paid on Account of sundry new Works to strengthen the Fortifications at Plymouth and Pendennis -

Savings on the Augmentation to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, ordered 16 September

1778 - -

Also on the Augmentation ordered 30 June

1779 ‘ ' -

£ s. d. 1

4 93

8,043 *0 — J

2,091 7 5

327 15 11

4,966 9 6

54,430 1 —

5>537 *9

2,616 11 4

11,076 18 —

1,694----

12,929 10 —

517 6 —

180 13 7

424 10 —

3,284 2 1 1,015 1 9

870 17 3

3>*54 8 6 5>954 5 3 2,067 13 7

664 13 1

77i-----

2,377 18 —

83,276 ia 8

485. 19 4

619 6 6

868 ia 8

600,003 9 3

8,537 8 4

779.

9! >466 — II

1,049,602 10 10 hn" sagaes as

Amherfl,

Charles Frederick. Ben. Langlois.

Cha‘Cocks. Hen* Strachey.

Ordered,

zo Geo. III. 5 — 41

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be peiuled by the Members of the House.

T*?*" The House was moved, That the Entry in the Jour-irOefaa* nal l^e House, of the 8th Day of February 1688, of olfvhf^ the Report from the Committee appointed to draw up Amendments to the Vote of the Lords of the 6th of February 16S8, lent down to this House for their Con* Currence, upon the Debate of the House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the i 2 th Day of February 1688, of the Declaration of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, assembled at,

might be read.

And the same being read accordingly; i A Motion was made, and the Quell ion being pro*

posed. That an humble Addrel's be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Applications that have been made to His Majesty’s Secretaries of State, and Secretary at War, firce the Commencement of Hostilities with France, by any of His Majesty’s loyal and faithful Subjects in,

fir Arms, Accoutrements, or Ammunition, for the Fuipose of putting their Country in a Polture of Defence again!! the Depredations or Invasion of the Enemy; together w.th Copies of all the Answers which have been made to such Applications;

Air Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " North Britain," and inferiing the pfords " Great infield

thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words "

Britain" Hand Part of the Question;

It jrafled in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Great Britain" be inserted instead thereof;

It was relieved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Dire<51 ions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Applications that have been made to His Majesty’s Secretaries of State and Secretary at War, since the Commencement of Hostilities with France, by any of His Majesty’s loyal and faithful Subjects in Great Britain, lor Arms, Accoutrements, or Ammunition, for the Purpose of putting their Country in a Posture of Defence again!! the Depredations or Invasion of the Enemy; together with Copies of all the Answers which have been made to such Applications.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by liirh Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Complaint being made to the House, of a printed Newspaper, intituled, " The from Tttef-

" day, November30 to Thursday, December 2, I 779," printed by 7’. Matthews, N° 5, Catherine Street, Strand, as containing a grots Mifrepresentation of a Speech, and rdlecling on the Character, of a Member of this House, in Bread) of the Privilege of this House;

The laid Paper was delivered in at the Table, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the lame, with their o pinion thereupon, to the I fouie.

Ordered, That the said printed Newspaper be referred to the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ref )lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Vet. 37.

Decembris. 49 *

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into the said Committee;

The other Order of the bay being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for *hd Means, railing the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gascoyne took the Chair of the Committed

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chur.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had dirt ft ed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gascoyne also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 4* die Decembris;

Anno 20* Georgii III*" Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Re- Way*

port from the Committee of the whole House, to *nd Means, whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as fol* loweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hun- , dred and Eighty, upon Lands, Tenements, Heredita- ' ments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed-, and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an A6! of Parliament of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hum dred and Eighty, be further continued and charg®

upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand S.ven hundred and Eighty, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

America;

Bill to detain suspected Persons.

Answer to AddreTs for Papers.

Southamptoi Place of Polling.

Grendon

indoiure.

6* Detembri.

A. 1779.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Sir Grey Cooper, the Lord North, the Lord BeauchamMr. Cornwall, the Lord Westco'te, the Lord. Paimerstone, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. and Mr.

Ord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Sir Grey Cooper, the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, the Lord fVtfcote, the Lord Palmerson, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Robinson, and Mr. Ord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty " to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in w any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in " rica, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to secure " and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the " Crime of High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, or on " the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy."

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

.:' * T , T

1; r m t

Lutics, 6* die D;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pozvys, and Mr. Knight ley, do prepare, and bring in> the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, Proprietors of Land in East the Open and Common Fields of East in the Firm<o»

County of Northampton, was presented to the House, Income, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their pre-font Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Parties interested, according to their interests therein, it would be a great Benefit to them: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, under such Rules and Regulations as shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hwtgerford, Mr. Powys, and Mr. Knight ley, do prepare, and bring iB, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itfolf into a Importation Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for con- J?f tinuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, T mi for allowing the Importation of fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair:

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morro.\y Morning.

|b:ix

Anno 20* Georgii I1I*U Regis, 1779. Prayers.

M VH E Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the Houfo, A That their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copies therein mentioned might be laid before ‘this Houfo) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fames, and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Ix>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for holding the ensuing Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Southampton, at the Town of NewAircsford, in the said County; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of several Persons, Proprietors of Land in £he Open and Common Fields of Grendon, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the foveral Parties interested, according to their interests therein, it would be a great Benefit to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, under, such Rules and Regulations as shall seem proper.

A Bill to remove certain Difficulties relative to Votm it Voters at County Elections, was read a Second Time. County . Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Ektfiou.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Houfo.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itfolf into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax I..and Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the Houfo, according to Stnply Bill, Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Ma- Malt Dutit-jesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Trustees named and appointed in Burford and by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth BoaJ-

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road from The Hand and Post in Upton Field, in the Parish, of Burford, in the County of Oxford,

" through the several Parishes within mentioned, to a " Place in the Parish of Preston, in the County of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the

Credit

i^-

ao Geo. III. 6° Dece 493

Credit thereof, which, with the Tolls collected, have been applied towards the Repair of the said Road, and that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring, and, unless the same be continued, the present Debt cannot be discharged, and the Road effectually repaired and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think most proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Mr. Chester,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of W'dliam Smith, of Lower Brook

in the County of Middlesex, Doctor of Physic, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That in consequence of a Medical Publication of the Petitioner, containing some Observations for the better Regulation of Gaols, Application was made to him by Sir Charles , Chairman of the

Westminster Committee, by Order of that Committee, to visit the Gaols and Prisons in London, Westminster, and Southwark, in order to administer proper Relief to the Sick Prisoners therein; and that the Petitioner, in consequence of such Application, attended the said Gaols and Prisons, from the 25th of March 1776, to the 10th of November 1779, with great Afiiduity, by Means whereof the Lives of many Persons have been preserved that had no other Means to procure Medical Assistance; and that the Number of Sick in the different Gaols in London, Westminster, and Southwark, that have been under the Petitioner’s Care from the 25th of March 1776 to the loth of November 1779, amounts to 1051; and that the Petitioner from Time to Time made Reports of the State of the Sick, and the Expences for Medicines, to Sir Charles Whitworth, who, highly approving of such a humane and charitable Undertaking, and of the public Utility thereof, requested the Petitioner to continue his Attention to the same till legal Relief could be procured; and at the same Time, gave the Petitioner Assurance of being indemnified, and appointed Inspecting Physician to the Gaols in London, Westminster, Southwark, and the Home Circuit, an Appointment considered by Sir Charles Whitworth, and many others, of great public Utility, and they made no Doubt, of meeting with the Approbation of the House, when the Matter was laid before the House; and that the Petitioner, in consequence of such Assurance, has accordingly ventured, at a great Expence and Loss of Time, to continue to visit the said Gaols, and administer proper Relief to sick Persons confined therein, by Means whereof an Expence has accrued to him of ,£.566. ij. for Medicines, over and above many other very considerable Expences he has been at in the Prosecution of this Business, and the Loss of Time therein; and that the Petitioner has not received any Advantage whatever, directly or in-iireftly, on a'ccount of his attending the Sick in Gaol j And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

Vol. 37.

And it is referred to Sir Herbert Mackwonk, the Lord Beauchamp, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it is highly criminal in His Majesty’s Ministers, to have neglecded taking effectual Measures for the Relief of the Kingdom of and to have

suffered the Discontents in that Kingdom to rife to such a Height, as evidently to endanger a Dissolution of the Constitutional Connection between the Two Kingdoms, and to create new Embarrassments to the public Councils, by Division and Diffidence, in a Moment when real Unanimity, grounded on mutual Confidence and Affection, is confessedly essential to the Preservation of what is left of the British Empire;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " criminal," and inserting the Word blameable" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " cti- minal " (land Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " blameable " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being proposed;

The House was moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 26th and 27th Days of May, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Ad* dress of this House to His Majesty (to desire that His Majesty would be graciously pleated to take into His most serious Consideration, the distress-ed and impoverished State of the loyal and well-dc-serving People of Ireland, and to direct that there be prepared and laid before this House, such Particulars, relative to the Trade and Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland, as may enable the National Wisdom to pursue effectual Methods for promoting the common Strength, Wealth, and Commerce of His Majesty’s Subjects in both Kingdoms) together with His Majesty’s Answer thereunto, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put. That it is highly blameable in His Majesty’s Ministers, to have neglected taking effectual Measures for the Relief of the Kingdom of Ireland, and to have suffered the Discontents in that Kingdon to life to such a Height, as evidently to endanger a Dissolution of the Constitutional Connection between the Two Kingdoms, and to create new Embarrassments to the public Councils, by Division and Diffidence, in a Moment when real Unanimity, grounded on mutual Confidence and Affection, is confessedly essential to the Preservation of what is left of the British Empire;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth

Tellers for the Yeas,

«» No

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges, That they do fit Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock; and that they have Power to adjourn from Time to Time, and to fit in the Forenoon, previous to the Sitting of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gregory, Mr. Elzves, Lord Richard Cavendish, Mr. Temple Luttrell, Mr. Strahan, Mr. Lewes, Mr. Mauger, and Mr. be added to the said Committee.

6 K The

( The Earl of tipperOJJbryJi I Mr. Thomas Tozvnjhend: lIOO‘

State of Inland.

Committee

of

Privileges.

494 — 7° Decembris. A. 1779.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Befotved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itfetf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on Tuesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Martisy 70 die Decembris;

Anno ao* Georgii III*U Regis, 1779*

P a a v x a a.

AM ESS AGE by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to an Act agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the De-lire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read} giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Af-sent to a Public Bill therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great , the Lord

President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord President of the Council, and the Lord named also

in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill; which Bill is as followeth; viz.

An Act for holding the ensuing Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of , at the

Town of New Alresford, in the said County.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Owners, Occupiers, and Inhabitants of Grounds, Houses, and Premisses in Goswell Street, leading from Aldersgate Bars, in the Parish of Saint

without Aldersgate, London, to the Turnpike Gate at the

End of Goswell Street aforesaid, lying in the several Parishes of Saint Luke Old Street, Saint James and Saint John Clerkenwell, and Saintwithout Aldersgate aforesaid, in the County of Middlesex, was prefenced to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for paving the High Street or Road leading from Aldersgate Bars, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, London, to the Turnpike near the End of Goswell Street, in the County of Middlesex, and applying the Sum of J. 5,000, to be raised upon the Credit of the Surplusses to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphan's Fund, for that Purpose, there are no Powers or Authorities whatsoever inserted for keeping the said High Street or Road in Repair, after the same Hull have been paved by the City of Lon-7

dor, and they decline paving the same until the Petitioners, and others the Inhabitants of Street

and the Parishes before named, have procured an Act of Parliament for cleansing and keeping the same in perpetual Repair , and that the said Parishes are very.

large and extensive, and such Part thereof as lies on the East and West Sides of Goswell Street, or the greatest Part thereof, is very much unproved of late Years with new Buildings, and in Time the same will probably be more extensively built upon than at present; and that Goswell Street, is a very public Street, leading from the great Northern and West Chester Roads to the interior Parts of the City of London, and, by reason of the great Number of Carriages which daily pats through the said Street, the Pavement thereof will necessarily Hand in Need of continual Repair, after the same shall have been paved by the City of London, agreeable to the said Act; and that by several Acts, made in the Eleventh and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, such Parcs of the Foot Paths of Goswell Street as lie 00 the East and West Sides thereof, within the Parirtiesof Saint John, Saint Luke, and Saint James, have been paved, lighted, and watched, under the Direction of Commissioners thereby authorized, and the Expence thereof defrayed by certain Rates levied by virtue of the said Acts j and that, from the Vicinity of the said several Parishes to the Fields leading to TJlington and Places adjacent, the same is dangerous, as being subject to dilor-: derly People; and therefore, for Security of the Inhabitants in general, the Petitioners apprehend, if a Nightly Watch was established, and Power granted to remove Nuisances and Incroachments, and to prevent the same for the future, and if the said Streets were regularly cleansed and lighted, it would be of great Benefit to the Petitioners, and others the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, as well as to the Pubilc in general; and that the Petitioners, and the other Inhabitants resident in and near Goswell Street and Saint Botolph without,

are willing to take the Repair of the said Street under their own Management, and to light, watch, and cleanse the fame, upon being inverted with proper Powers for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners and others, the Proprietors and Occupiers of Grounds,

Houses, and Premilles in Goswell Street and Saint Bo-toph without Aldersgate aforesaid, to keep in Repair, light, cleanse, and watch the said Street, from the Bars without Aldersgate, London, to the End of Mr.

Coker's House and Premilles near the present Turnpike Gate at the End of Goswell Street aforesaid, and certain other Places lying contiguous to the said Street; and to make and levy a Rate or Tax upon themselves, to answer those and other Purposes, under such Regulations, and with such Clauses and Powers, to be therein inferred, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Byng,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Leonard Burton, Esquire, Lord of the Thrapftw Manor of Thrapston, in the County of Northampton, and *nc 0 ui*. principal Proprietor of Lands in the Common and Open Fields within the said Manor, and other Proprietors of Lands in the said Common and Open Fields, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields fie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and it would greatly tend to the Advan:age of the Petitioners, and of all Parties interested therein, if the fame

were

p,

M

>1

1

20 Geo III.

were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common fields, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, porfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Powys and Mr. Knight ley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hockliffo A Bill for enlarging the Term and Power* granted and by Two Acts, made in the First and Sixteenth Years Roads" ^C'8Q °t his late Majesty King George the Second,

01 ‘ for the more effectual amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn; in the County of , and for

repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Bridge in Newport PagntU ,in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Onrley, Mr. Whitbread, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of tlx Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sunning Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to

Road. Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-Second Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Tke Old Gallows, in the Parish of

ning, in the County of through,

New Bracknowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia

in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Refohedy That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Militi* Mr. Winchcombe Hartley presented to the House, ac-Officrn cording to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Officers of Indemnity, the Militia as have not transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace, Descriptions of their Qualifications, and Certificates of their having taken the Oaths, as required; and for giving further Time for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax. Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

495

forever, to the Use at Thornes B+ry, of Abberlty, in the County of Worcester, Esquire, for his Life, with

Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Mail; and in default of such Issue, to the Use of the Petitioner for his Life, and after his Decease, to the Use of his First and every other Son successively in Tail Mail, with inter- vening Estates to support contingent Remainders, and divers Remainders over: And the said Testator, by his said Will, bequeathed the Residue of his Personal Estate to the said Trustees, their Executors and Ad- ministrators, to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands of Inheritance, and settled to the same Uses; and he thereby directed, that all and every Person and Persons who, by virtue thereof, should be entitled to any Estate lor Life, in Tail, or in Fee Simple, of or in the Real Estate thereby devised, and the Lands so to be purchased, should take upon themselves and use the Surname and Arms of Charlett; and that the said Thomas Berry died in the Lifetime of the Testator, without JfTue, and the Testator being dead, the Petri tioner has lately become entitled to the said Real Estate, and to the Benefit of the Residue of the said Personal Estate, for his Life, by virtue of the said Will, and hath, in Compliance therewith, taken upon himself, and used, the Surname of Charlett, and is desirous that the same may be confirmed to him and the Heirs Male of his Body, by the Authority of Parliament, with Liberty to take and bear the Arms of Charlett t And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Charlett, pursuant to the Will of the said Testator, Arthur Charlett, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And thac Mr. Page, Mr. Lygon, and Mr. Elwes, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Importation the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing an Lallan Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for allow- brewnS,llt ing the Importation of fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned trll Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriit 8° die Decembris;

f — 8' De.

Supply Bill; A Bill for continuing and granting His Majesty, Malt buries, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bourne’* A Petition of Richard Bourne Charlett, Esquire, Name, heretofore called Richard Bourne, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read,) Setting forth, That the Petitioner’s Cousin, Arthur Charlett, late of in the County of Worcefle, Esquire, deceased, on or about the Thirteenth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, made his last Will and Testament in Writing, duly executed and attested, so as to pass his Real fc.llate; and, amongst other Things, thereby gave and devised divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments therein mentioned," unto Trustees therein named, their Heirs and Assigns Vox. 37.'

Anno 20* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

SIR Thomas Skipwith reported from the Committee, finford to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed _ *® in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " repairing anJ widening the Roads leading from " Cross of Hand, near Fnford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford: and from Guide Post, in the " Village of Adderbury, in the same County, through

" Kidhngton, to The Mile Way, leading towards the " City of Oxford; and jdfo the Road leading from a " Place called The Two Mile Tree, near the City of " Oxford, over Gosford, otherwise to a

" certain Gate, entering upon Won the Green, in " the- said County," and of the Creditors who have advanced Money, or have Money due to them, upon the Tolls by the said Act granted, and by another Act, passed in the said Twenty-e%Hth Year of the Reign

Seend Street, See*

Road.

496 8° Decembris. A. 1779*

Reign of his said la|£ Majesty, relating to the public Highways and Turnpike Roads in this Kingdom, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Newcomb being examined, laid, That the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, so far as the same relates to the First District of Roads therein comprized, hath been duly execuced, and that a considerable Progress hath been made in amending the Roads in that District — That the Tolls, and a Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been expended — That the Debt 4o contrafted cannot be paid off, unless the Term of the Act, as far as relates to the said District, be further continued; and that the Roads therein comprized, cannot be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Powers of the Act be altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from The Cross of Hand, near Bridge, -in the County of Warwick, through the Town of in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from The Guide Post in the Village of Adder bury, in the same County, through lon, to The Mile Way leading towards the City of;

and also the Road leading from a Place called The Two Mile Tree, near the City of Oxford, over otherwise

Gofj'ard Bridge, to a certain Gate entering upon Wtjion on the Green, in the said County, so far as the same relates to the road leading from The Cross of Hand, near Fin-ford Bridge, in the County of , through the

Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford: And that Sir Thomas Skipwith and Mr.- Coke of Derby do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of , in the Coun-

ty of Wilts, to the Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the said County, and of several other Persons living near or travelling the said Road, was referred j 'fhat the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him Vo report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Paul Newman., Esquire, infprmed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, whereby a considerable Debt hath been contrafted, which fti 11 remains due, with an Arrear of Interest j that the said Money cannot be repaid, and the Road kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued.

That the making of & Road from near the Ninety-fourth Mile Stone, on the present Turnpike Road in the Chapelry of Seend, along a Lane called Head Lane, and from thence over Twyford’/ Acre, and other Lands belonging to different Persons, and through a Lane called Selfe's Green, to Communicate to the Turnpike Road from Seend to the Devizes, at or near Brook,

in the said Chapelry of Seend, will be of great Convenience to Travellers, not only by shortening the great Bath Road, but likewise by avoiding Two steep and dangerous Hills.

And the Witness further said. That the Road leading out of the present Turnpike Road near the George Inn in Melhsham, through Forest Lane, to the End of the Parish of Melhsham, in the Road to Bowden Hill, in the Parish of Laycock; and also the Road nearly, from the Ninety-sixth Mile Stone in Melkfhato a Place called Outmarfk, in the said Parish of; and also the

Road nearly from the Ninety-eighth Milestone, on the Top of Shaw Hill, in the said Parish of Melksham, to or near Norrington Lane, in the Parish of Broughton Giffard; and also the Road from the Turnpike House at Atworth, to the West End of Clack's Tining, near the Top of Ganbrooke Hill, in the Parish of; and also the Road from the said Turnpike House, to a Place called Goblin's Pit, in the Road to Corsham, all in the said County of Wilts, arc much out of Repair, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

And the Witness added, That the making the said new Road, and repairing the other Roads, will be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the Road from the West End of Seend Street to The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road; and for making an additional Road from the said Road in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with the Devizes Turnpike Road at or near Somerham Brook, in the same Chapelry, all in the said County: And that Mr. Penruddock and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chester reported from the Committee, to whom Tetburr the Petition of several of the Trustees for the Second c. u , District of Roads comprized in an Act, passed in the Down Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Tetbury to the Gates on the West of Hall

Down, and from the Turnpike Gate at the Top of Frocester Hill, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester towards Bath, and from the Field called Bouldown Sleight, to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horsley to Tetbury, near Tiltups Inn, and from the Market House in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Minchinhampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchinhampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to Tayloe's Mill Pond in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide to the Bottom of The Bourn Hill, in the County of Gloucester; and also of the Mortgagee of the Tolls of the said Second District, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774* relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it. in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is at followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; And

Mr. Christopher Gardiner being examined, said. That the said Act hath beed regularly executed with respect to the said Second District, and a considerable Progress

hath

1

20 Geo. III.

8® Decembrls.

hath "been made in amending the said Roads therein schm-prized; in the doing of which, the Tolls, together with upwards of £. 6oo, borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly expended — That the Debt so con* t rafted, cannot be paid off, or the Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Powers of the said Act, as far as relate to the said Second District, be altered and enlarged, and the Term which is near expiring, be continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirry-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Tetbury to the Gates on the West of Simoitd's Dover., and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Market House in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Minchirt Hampton

mon, and from the said Road in Field

unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to , near Burnt AJli, and from the said Turnpike Road to Tayloe's ptill Pond, in Ckalford Bottom, and through Hide to the Bottom of The Bourn Hill, in the County of Gloucester: And that Mr. Chester, Sir William Gui/e, and Mr.

Blackwell, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Brwtjrpford Mr. George Bridges B presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlaige the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the North'End of Brtdgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, and Rutland, and through Rockingham, to The Bowling Green at Kettering, in the county of : And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Import*doa Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the oi Italian Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Thrown sjk. continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of fine Organized Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, lor a limited Time, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directedhim to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be tngrofled.

Militia A Bill to indemnify such Officers of the Militia as Orticm have not transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace, De-bdopoitr. fcrjptions of their Qualifications, and Certificates of their having taken the Oaths, as required; and for riving further Time for those Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Clerk* oi fThe House was moved, That the Order, made upon

A8»w, the ! 6th Day of June, in the last Session of Parlia-

fcc.

Fees.

ment, u That the Clerks of Assize of the several Circuits of England, do prepare, in order to belaid ®* before this House early in the next Session of r?rliament, Lists of the Fees, Perquisites, and other Emoluments of Office, claimed and usually taken M by them, and also by the Clerks of the Arraigns, and ' Vo*. 37-

" by the Associates, in their respective Cirtuitsj* might be read.

And the same being tead afccordingly;

Ordered, That the Clerks of Amze of the several Circuits of England, dd lay before this House, Lists of the Fees, Perquisites, and Other Emoluments of Office; ddimed and usually taketi by them; and also by the Clerks of the Arraigns, Clerks of the Indiftnients, and by the Ailbciates, in their respective Circuits; and that the Clerk of the Arraigns attending The Old Bailey, do lay before this House, the like Acfcount of Fees, Perqui-lite;, and Emoluments of Office, claimed and usually taken by him, and the other Clerks attending the said Court.

The House was moved, Thdt an Act, made hi the YoiW

Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; intituled, "An Act to prevent Occasional Freemen Freemen.

" from voting at Elections of Members to serve " in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly; .

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in i Bill tQ explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act: And that Mr. Coke of Derby, Mr; Powys, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Annejley, and Mr. George Bridges Brudenell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Hoilfe Siijjphr Bi#t to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; * upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty; by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee. That jthey have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Lax of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, out of the Supplies granted for the Year One theuiand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Ord took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord North presented to the House, pursuant Account* j to their Address to His Majesty, of the a6th Day of frith May in the last Session of Parliament, Trad*.

An Account of the Medium Quantities, within every Seven Years, of the following Articles; .

Tobacco, Indigo, Gum Senega, Turpentine, Ginger,

Molaflls, Pimento, Rice, Fustick, and other dying Woods, Pitch and Tar, Mails, Yards, Bowsprits,

Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Copper Ore, Raw Silks, Yarn,

Mohair, Whalefins, Pot and Pearl Allies, Hides, and Skins, exported from that Part of Great Britain called England to Ireland, from ill Jammy 1752 to id January 1779, which is as far as the same can be made up: And also,

An Account of the Medium Quantities, within every Seven Years, of the following Articles; viz.

Hops, Glass, and Coals, exported from that Part of Great Britain called England to Ireland, from ift January 1752 to ill January 1779, which is as far as the same can be made up: And also,

6L

Supply Bill; Male Duties*

Turkey

Company.

8° Decembr

A. 1779.

An Account of all Wool and Woollen, or Bay Yarn, Woolfelts, Shortlings, Mortlings, Woolflocks, Worded Yarn, and Linen Yarn, imported into England from Ireland from Christmas 1758 to 1778, which

i$ as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Woollen Goods, or Manufactures of Woollen, mixed or plain, exported from Scotland to Ireland, from 5 th January 1764 to 5th January 1779; distinguishing the different Years; and also, an Elrimate of the Value of such Woollen Goods, prepared from the General Accounts of Exportations from Scotland in those Years: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Woollen Goods, or Manufactures of Woollen, mixed or plain, exported from Scotland (except those exported from thence to Ireland) from 5th January 176410 5th January 1779; distinguishing the different Places to which the Goods were exported, prepared from the General Accounts of Exportation from Scotland.

Together with a Lid of the said Accounts.

And the said Lid was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounis are preserved amongd the other Papers of this Session.

where the English Merchants carry on Trade, the whole

Expence whereof has been borne by the 'Turkey Company , which, together with many other necessary Expences incident to the carrying on of the said Trade, has of late Y’ears amounted to near Ten thousand Pounds -per Annum; and that the Trade to and from

Turkey, once lo flourishing, is now, in consequence of many unavoidable Events and concurring Circumstances, entirely at a Stand; and that the Alfidance which was granted to the Petitioners by Parliament, in the last Session, enabled them to bear a Part of their Expences for the present Year, but they have been under the disagreeable Necessity of borrowing Money at Intered to support the remaining Part of their Edablish-ment in Turkey', and that, under these Circumstances, the Petitioners are sensible they should not discharge the Duty incumbent on them by their Charter, nor the Justice they owe to the Public (for whom they conli-der themselves as Trustees) if they^did not declare their present Inability to support their Expences, un-leis relieved by Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and to grant them such Assistance as may be thought necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Indrudion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Indrudion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct that the Deficiency which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1780, of the Income of the Duties on Malt granted for the Year 1778, to satisfy Principal and Intered charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1780.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey has, for a long Series of Years, been carried on by a Society of Merdiants, incorporated by Charters, and regulated by Acts of Parliament; and that, in order to carry on the said Trade with Safety, and to protect His Majesty’s Subjects in the Turkish Dominions, it has been found necessary that there should be an Ambassador lent from England to reflde at >top/e , and that there should be Consuls, and Vice Con-. luls, and other Officers and Servants, in the other Parts of Turkey where any Subjects reside, and

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards. Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, including those in Jersey and Cuernfey, from 25th December 1779 to 24th December 1780, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great tain, for the Year 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Africa, and the East Indies, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from 25th December 1779 to 24th December 1780, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain. pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That f hc Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of Four Regiments of Fencible Men in North Britain, from 23th December 1779 to 24th December 1780, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Additional Companies and Additionals to the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1779, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the New Levies ordered to be raised, from 25th 1779

to 24th December 1780, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1780, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then

1

to Geo. III.

8° — 90 De

499

Ways i iad Means.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That That they had come to several lvesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the Iioute will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Grey Cooper also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve ittclt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The Lord Lisburne "prefehted to the House, accord- Auei7^, Wy* ing to Order, a Bill for repairing, enlarging, and im- u ur' proving, the Harbour of Aberystwyth, in the County of Cardigan: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Chaw ton Pond, Jtc. Roads.

Downton

Writ.

yovis 90 die Decembris;

Anno ao* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

A Motion being made, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dcrwnton, in the County of in the room of Thomas Duncombe, Esquire, deceased;

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do

immediately attend this House, with the last return of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attended accordingly.

And the said Return was read.

And it appearing to the House, that Thomas combe, Esquire, is returned therein, and that the said Return came into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown upon the 24th Day of November last;

And the House being informed that Mr. John Mayor attended at the Door, who could give some Account of the Proceedings at the said Election; he was called in; and being examined at the Bar, gave Evidence, that he was present at the last Election of a Burgess to serve for the said Borough of Downton; that Mr. Duncombe was the only Candidate; and that there was no kind of Opposition to his Election.

And then he withdrew.

Then the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 17th and 18th Days of December 1765, of the Proceedings of the House in relation to the same of Sir Harry Erskine, Baronet, who was returned as a Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the District of Burghs of strutherEn/ier, Anstruther Wester, Kilrenttie, Crail, and

Pittemveem, were read.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Thomas , Esquire,

deceased.

Vol. 37.

Mr. Minchinreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several of the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Chawton Pond, in the Parish of Chawton, in the County of Southampton, through Rumfdean Bottom, Westmeon, Warnford, Exton, Bishop's Waltham, and over Sherrill Heath, and through ham, and Fareliam, to the Town of and from

Exton aforesaid, through Droxford, to the East End of Sherrill Heath, in the said County was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

James Bedford, Esquire, Treasurer and Clerk to the said Trustees, being examined, said. That a considerable Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads, much to the Convenience of the Neighbourhood and the Advantage of the Public — -That the Truf-toes have, from Time to Time, duly applied the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Act, together with the Sum of £. 7,oco, borrowed on the Credit thereof, the Whole of which still remains charged upon the Road — That the Act hath been found defective in some Re-spefts, and is near expiring; and, that unless the Term and Powers thereof be continued and enlarged, or the same be repealed and others granted, the Debt con-trafted cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads " from Chawton Pond, in the Parish of Chawton, in the County of Southampton, through Rumfdean Bottom,

" Westmeon, Warnford, Exton, Bishop's Waltham, a$d " over Sherrill Heatk, and through Wickham and Fareham, to the Town of Gosport; and from Exton aforesaid, through Droxford, to the East End of Sherrill " Heath, in the said Countyand for granting other Powers for those Purposes: And that Mr. Minchin and Mr. Sloane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Land rax-granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raisecl in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill;

Committee MahDutie.

Fife tied ion.

500

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder* and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of John Henderson, Esquire, eldest Son of Sir Robert Henderson, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, at the Election for the County of Fife, held on Friday the ad Day of July, in the present Year 1779, Major General Skene and the Petitioner were the only Candidates; and that General Skene was returned, as being the Candidate elected by a Majority of the Freeholders; but the Petitioner is advised, that General Skene is, by the Statute of the Sixth of Queen Anne, Chapter the Seventh, ineligible to Parliament, because he is in Possession of an Office, or Place of Profit, under the Crown, which has been created or erected since the 85th Day of 1705; particularly, because he is in Possession of the Office of Baggage Mailer to the Forces, and of the Office, or Place of Profit, of Inspector of Roads in North Britain, for which he receives a Salary, or An-

nual Allowance, paid by Warrants from the Treasury; which Offices, or at least that of Inspector of the Roads, did not exist till many Years after the said Statute of Queen Anne-, and that, at the Meeting for Election, the Petitioner, before the Vote was put for the Choice of Member of Parliament, did publicly apprize the Freeholders present, that General Skene was ineligible for the Reasons Hated above, aikl that any Vote given to him would be thrown away; and, after the Votes had been call up, the Petitioner did enter a Protest in the Minutes of Election, that the Votes given for Major General Skene should be held to be of no avail, and that the Petitioner should be held to be duly elected, and should be returned accordingly: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to find that the Petitioner was duly elected Member for the County of Fife, and to cause £e Return to be amended accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into; Consideration upon Tuesday the ill Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A.ijjg.

because he is in Possession of an Office or Place of Profit under the Crown, which has been created or ere died since the 151b Day of October 170 5, particularly, because he is in Possession of the Office of Baggage Mailer to the Forces, and of the Office or Place of Profit, of Inspector of Roads in North Britain, lor which he receives a Salary, or Annual Allowance, paid by Warrants from the Treasury; which Offices, or at leall that of Inspector of the Roads, did not exill till many Years after the said Statute of Queen Anne; and that, at the Meeting for Election, the Petitioner, before the Vote was put for the Choice of Member of Parliament, did publicly* apprize the Freeholders present, that General Skene was in* eligible for the Reasons Rated above; and that any Vote given to him would be thrown away; and, after the Votes had been cafi up* the Petitioner did enter a ProteR in the Minutes of Election, that the Votes given for Major General Skene should be held to be of no avail, and that the Petitioner should be held to be duly elected, and should be returned accordingly; and the House having appointed Tuesday the ill Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, to take the said Petition into Consideration, you are therefore to take Notice, That the House will, at that Time, take the same Petition into Consideration.

Given under my Hand, the Ninth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

To John Henderson, Norton, Speaker.

Esquire.

Jovis, 9* die Decembris, 1779.

Ordered, That John Henderson, Esquire, do, by himself, his Counsel, or Agent, attend this House upon Tuesday the iR Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the After* noon.

J.

Cl. Dorn. Com.

The like Notice and Order to Major General Skene.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for Rich Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

y Decemb.

Memorandum:

The following Notices and Orders were sent to John Henderson, Esquire, and Major General Skene, in pursuance of Two Acts, passed in the loth and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

John Henderson, Esquire, having this Day presented his Petition; complaining, that at the ElcAion for the County of Fife, held on Friday the 2d Day of July, in the present Year 1779, Major General Skene and the Petitioner were the only Canditates; and that General Skene was returned as being the Candidate elected by a Majority of the Freeholders; but the Petitioner is advised, that Generd Skene is, by the Statute of the Sixth of Queen Anne, Chapter the Seventh, ineligible to Parliament,

An'ingrossod Bill for continuing an Act, made in the importatwa last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importa- otiuiia» tion of fine Organized Italian Thrown Silk, in any Thru"mi Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of fine Organized Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to Office* indemnify such Officers of the Militia as have not trans- Indimiiitf. mitted to the Clerks of the Peace, Descriptions of their Qualifications, and Certificates of their having taken the Oaths, as required; and for giving further Time for those Purposes.

Mi.

Seesd Street, &c.

Road.

Supply.

20 Geo. III. 90 Decembrist 5<3t

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Mr. Minchin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Minchin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Penruddoek presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending the Road from the West End of Seend Street to The Horse and , in the Parish of Box, in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road; and for making an Additional Road from the said Road in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with The Turnpike Road

at or near Somerham Brook, in the same Chapelry, all in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Ecfoiutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report lie brought up;

The House was moved, That the iith Article of the Treaty between His Majesty and the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, signed at Brunswick the 9th of January 1776 (which was presented to the House upon the 19th Day of February 1776) might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Report was delivered in at the Clerk’s 'fable, and read; and the Rel'olutions of the Committee are as followeth, viz.

ResolvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Four thousand Two hundred and Thirteen Invalids, amounting to Thirty-five thousand and Five Effective Men, Corn-million and Non-commission Officers included, be employed for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred Forty-six thousand One hundred Seventy-six Pounds Three Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Thirty-five thousand and Five Effective Men, lor Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-four thousand Eight hundred and Seventy-five Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One million Four hundred and Eighteen thousand and Fifty-nine Pounds One Shilling and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Africa, and The East Indies, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, The West Indies, and Africa, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Vol. 37.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-six thousand Two hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Eleven Shillings, and Eleven Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Five Hanoverian Battalions of Foot at Gibraltar and and for Provisions for the Three Battalions of the said Troops at Gibraltar, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, hot exceeding Three hundred and Sixty-seven thousand Eight hundred and Ninety-two Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Thirteen thousand Four hundred and Seventy-two Men of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe Cnjfel, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Five hundred and Ten Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two Regiments of Hanau in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty with the Hereditary Prince of Hejfe lor the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen thousand Five hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of Waldeck in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty with the Reigning Prince of Wal-derk, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-four thousand One hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Four thousand Three hundred Men, the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for tiic Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, pursuant to Treaty.

Rfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand Seven hundred and Eighteen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Fourteen hundred and Forty-i'even Men, the Troops of the Margrave of Anfpach, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixteen thousand Six hundred and Sixty-one Pounds Six Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of a Corps of Foot of Anhalt Zerbjl in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty with the Reigning Prince of Anhalt Zerbjl, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That k is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-eight thousand Eight hundred and One Pounds Ten Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Provisions for the Foreign Troops serving Ame-

rica, in the Pay of Great Britai, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand Seven hundred and Forty-one Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for tlje Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

6 M ' Resolved,

502 9° — 10° Decembris. A. 1779*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Fifty-three thousand Nine hundred and Twenty-lix Pounds and Two Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of Four Regiments of Fencible Men in North for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-six thousand One hundred and Eighty-three Pounds Four Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Clothing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Nine hundred and Forty-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Additional Companies and Additional to the Embodied Militia in South for the Year

One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Fifty-eight thousand Two hundred and Six Pounds and Eighteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the New Levies ordered to be raised for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next;

The House divided!

The Yeas went forth.

Td.stra.T-4iW

Tete for the Noet.{^G^%^* } '»

So it paired in the Negative.

Then the said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Army; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for awT* punishing Mutiny and Desertion j and for the better Defenion. Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. and Mr. Ord, do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a par-£xP5*-5* of ticular Account of the Sum of^.44,875. 8 3d. granted Staff Officer*. for Qcnerai jyjj General Staff Officers in Great Britain-, and allb of the Sum of £. 43,331. 7J. for the Officers serving with the Forces in North , for the Year 1780; and allb of the Two several Sums of £.58,813. ijs. 10 d.and £.10,9*5. l7s- granted

for the like Purposes for the Service of the Year 1762.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a ranted for Part*cu^ar Account of the Application of the Sum of «£Si£ £. 20,000, granted for Contingencies, upon Account, in in 1778-9. the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, including those in jersey and Guernsey, from 25th December 1778 to 24th December 1779* both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Trade of Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Ireland. ing nextj re(blve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the several Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon the First Day of this Instant December and Yesterday, relating to the Trade of Ireland.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity and 18

Value of Goods exported from that Part of Great Britain called England to Ireland, and imported from into that Part of Great Britain called England, from 1 It January 1768 to ift January 1779, distinguishing each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 26th Day of February last) be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerisy 1 o° die Decembris;

Anno 20* Georgii III''1 Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that T. Matthews, Printer of the Newspaper, intituled, The Eng-"lish Chronicle,"(of which Complaints were made to this House upon the ill and 3d Days of this Instant December, for grossly misrepresenting a Speech, and re-flefting on the Character, of a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House) had attended, the Committee of Privileges, to whom the said Complaints were referred, and had made Submission to, and asked Pardon of, the said Member, for the said Offence;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges be discharged from any further Proceeding upon the Matters of the said Complaints.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great for the

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Edward Bentinck reported from the Committee; to whom the Bril for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Townshipsof Scarringtonand in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Three Cottages, who could not be met with; and except the Owner of Four Acres of Land, who had been applied to; but had returned no Answer; and that the whole Property concerned in the Inclosure, consists of48 Cot. tages, and 108 Qxgangs, and 37 Acres of Land; and that no Perlorv appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the

Privilege,

Supply Bill; Land Tn.

Supply Bill; Milt Dines,

Scarrington

and

Adafton

Inclosure.

2o GfcO- IlL toP'Dedemtisi* 50$

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Re'port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ih al the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout$ and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Srrtiefry Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to lodolure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-tures, and other Commonable Lands, in in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the house, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; (except the Owner of Three Acres of Open Field Lands, One Cottage, and Two Acres and an Half of ancient nnclosed Land, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Property concerned in the Inclosure, con-Tifts of 27 Yard Lands and Three Quarters, of 48 Acres of Open Field Lands, of 20 Cottages, and of 194 Acres of ancient Inclosure, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppolc the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tittup's Inn Sir William Guise presented to the House, according Dudbrid to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Road Road. from Tittup's Inn, in the Parish of to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to Dudbridge, at Or near Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough; and from the Bridge at Naifwo in the Parish of Avening, to the Turnpike Road upon;

and from the said Bridge, by Hawcombe and Iron Mill Hill, up The Well Hill, to the said last mentioned Turnpike Road; all in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Army; Mr. D'Oyley presented to the House, according to

Mminy Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defercion,

Desertion. and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Militia Ordered, That Mr. Wiiichcombe Hartley do make the Oflicen Report from the Committee of the whole House, to tmi.it). wjlom t]ie gj|j to incicmnify such Officers of the Militia as have not transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace, Descriptions of their Qualifications, and Certificates of their having taken the Oaths, as required; and for giving further Time for those Purposes, was committed.

Mr. Winclicombe Hartley accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

Vox.. 37.

with life Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once rfead throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; ana, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Herbert Maekworth reported from the Committee; Dr. \v. Smith’s to whom the Petition of William Smith, of Lower Brook Attendance Street, in the County of Middlesex, Doctor of Physio, London

was referred; That the Committee had examined the Gaol*. Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read thC Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, is as follows:

Mr. John Ridout being examined, informed your Committee, That, as an Assistant to Mr. John Cofens, an Apothecary, he had attended the several Gaols in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark; and he delivered in an Account, hereunto annexed, shewing the Number of Patients in each Gaol, together with the Expence of the Medicines that had been administered to them. And added, That all these Medicines were administered under the Prescriptions, and by the Directions* of the Petitioner, Dr. Smith, and only sent to such Patients as could not afford to pay for such Medicines.

And he produced to your Committee, a Book in which the above-mentioned Prescriptions were entered; by which it appeared, that the Attendance given by the Doctor to the several Gaols, was daily. — And the Witness said, That the making up and carrying the Medicines, was his whole Employment from the 26th of March 1776, when it began, to this Time.

And he also produced to your Committee, a Book of Charges for the Medicines made up in Consequence of Dr. Smith's Prescriptions; by which it appeared, that the Expence thereof was £. 566, or thereabouts, as stated in the annexed Account.

And he further informed your Committee, That the Prices at which the Articles are charged, are the same as those charged to all Paupers; — that there were sometimes Persons relieved who were deemed capable of paying for themselves, and who having promised lo to do, their Medicines are not charged in the said Book; but that since their Release from Confinement, only One of the whole Number has paid his Bill, and that was a very inconsiderable one; — that many Persons being discharged from Confinement before their Cures were completed, had afterwards been under the Doctor’s Care, and relieved, for which also no Charge is made in the above Account; — that in some few Instances the Medicines were sent without the Doctor’s Prescription, but it was either in Cafes of extreme Danger, or when the Hour for shutting up the Gaols was near; — that at the Time when he began this Attendance, the Gaols were full, and the Prisoners very sickly, but that by the Skill, Management, and Attention of the Doctor, the Number of Patients is now much reduced- that many Chirurgical Cafes occurred, for which no Charge is made; and that Mr. Cofens has received in Discharge of Part of his Bill, only £. 50, which was paid by the Chairman of the Westminster Committee. And he concluded with saying. That the Doctor gave daily Attendance to the above Gaols, and sometimes went Twice a Day in dangerous Cafes; — that the Doctor never was sent for that he did not go; and that lie was well assured, that Dr. Smith had never received any Gratification whatever for his Trouble.

Your Committee then called the Petitioner, Doctor-Smith; who said. That in Consequence of the Publication of his Book, intituled, " A Sure Guide in Sick-

" iiefs,

Dr. W. Smith's Attendance n the Sick of London Gaols.

504 1 o* Decembris.A. 1779.

" ness and in Health," he was applied to by the late Sir Charles Whitworth, at that Time Chairman of the Westminster Committee, to visit the several Gaols in London, Westminster, and So, there being at

that Time a Bill preparing for the Regulation of Gaols; that he began this Attendance the 26th of March 1776, and has continued it to this Day; during all which Time there have not passed Two Days together, in which he had not visited one or other of those Gaols; — that this Attendance engrossed nearly his whole Time, and was of Course almost a total Interruption of all his other Business and Practice; — that in Consequence of the above-mentioned Attendance, he made a Report of the State of the said Gaols; which being laid before several of the Judges, he was desired to en-

large and print the lame, and publish it; which he accordingly did, under the Title of, " A State of the " Gaols in London, Westminster’, and Southwark-," —

that he has incurred many Expences, to a considerable Amount, of which no mention is made in the Apothecary’s Bills, both in getting Information for the last mentioned Publication, and other Publications relative to Perioris confined. And he concluded with laying, That in Consequence of his Attendances, many salutary Regulations had taken Place in the several Gaols he had visited, which are by those Means much more healthy than they used to be, some of them having appeared, at the Time of his first visiting them, more like Hospitals than Prisons.

D

(Q

N'

CD

Q_

CT

o

liE I’O RT of the Sick, with the Expence for Medicines Cent to the following Prisons, from 25th March 1776 to 10th November 1779.

O

a

to

O

3

Put rid, Ner- vor , and In rl.i monitor v Ptvc.'s, with and mu hunt Soi e Throat. ? Diari linen ami Dy lent cry. Rlieuma- tiim. Infhma-lionm tf ' Bowels. Tilious Com- plaints. A ft lima. Pit'll- n.y. Piles Small Pox. Eruptive Feveis Consump- tiun. Scurvy. Diseases of the Bladder ami Urinary Railages. Palsy and E pile pfy. Haemoptoe. Worms. Dropsy. Venereal* lull) &c« Chirurgi-cal Cafes TOTAL.

Toihilfields c- 32 s. 13 d. 10 10 1 I — 1 3 I — 2 — 5 4 . — 2 2 3° I 73

Marshalsea 49 7 10 18 2 5 I 3 — 5 — 1 3 I 4 1 1 I — 8 1 20 I 7 5

Ludgate - 5° 16 18 1 6 H I 4 8 4 I I I — — 1 — 2 *5 I 24 4 10 5

Fleet J54 4 3 67 14 6 0 +* 13 16 10 0 3 16 5 — 5 3 — I 11 IO 20 7 5 217

Poultry 1 iS 19 2 62 18 20 2 5 4 18 2 3 1 4 5 — 3 I 10 3 20 14 *9 5

Bridewell 6 X 6 6 4 2 2 — 3 4 —: — 1 - 2 1 4 2 1 3i

King's Bench 132 — 51 3° 24 6 10 18 16 0 3 n 3 12 10 10 2 n 3 4 11 5 25 l5 258

Borough Compter 20 J3 6 8 10 6 3 8 6 8 4 2 6 3 4 1 I 1 6 — 16 2 95

Whitechapel — 7 6 1 1 - — 1

WoodJlreet — 4 ! — — 1 " — 1 - 1

Total 566 I 9 241 94 78 18 43 57 6S 14 28 29 21 3° 12 8 9 65 23 159 54 1051

tn

O

(jrt

506 ioa Decembris. 1779.

Ordered, That the fold Reflbrt do lie upon the Table.

BriiHh A Petition of the Trustees of The British Museum, Museum. l^ing offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up; and read; Setting forth. That in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Trustees represented to Parliament, that the Sum allowed them for the Establishment and Support of the said Museum, was reduced to a Capital of /. 30,000 Reduced Bank Annuities, the Dividend of which, amounting to £. 900, was, notwithstanding their utmost Attention to the forming their Establishmenl with Frugality, greatly insufficient for that Purpose; upon which Representation they have, at sundry Times, obtained from this House, various Sums to supply the Deficiencyof their Income; which Sums, together with the Salary allotted to the King’s Librarian, yearly amounting to about £.250, have proved inefficient to defray the necessary Expences of the said Museum, and what now remains in the Hands of the Trustees, is not sufficient to defray the Expences of the current Year: And therefore praying the House to grant the Petitioners such Support, towards enabling them to carry on the Execution of the Trust reposed in them by Parliament, for the general Benefit of Learning and useful Knowledge, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money granted by Parliament for the Use of The British Museum, and of the Expenditure thereof.

Tetbury Mr. Chester presented to the House, according to Or-to der, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, H Td*'* Pa^e<^ m Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late

Road°Wn Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Tetbury to the Gates on the West of Hall

Down, and others Roads in the said Act mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Market House in Tetbury, to the Turnpike Road on Hampton Common, and from the said Road in hampton Field, unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt , and from the said Turnpike Road to Tayloe's Mill Pond, in Chalford Rot-- tom, and through Hide, to the Bottom of The Bourn

Hill, in he County of Glove eft er: And the feme was

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Member* A Petition of thq Freeholders of the County of eligible Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Set-

to lerve ting forth, That your Petitioners, in Justice to them-

or Place! W selves and the Electors of Great Britain, are con-

strained to lay before this House, their Complaint of an Injury which has been offered to one of their most essential and undoubted Rights — The Minister affect* ing a Regard for the Peace and quiet of this County, on the Death of our late worthy Representative (a Pretence in which his former Conduct, in more than one Instance, had flatly contradicted) by the secret Promise of a Nominal Place to one of the Members of this House, for the Purpose of vacating his feat in Parliament, brought forward a Candidate, in direct Oppofi-tion to our declared Willies; and, by an open and avowed Refufid of the same Privilege to the Person whom we were known to have preferred, has robbed us of the Means effectually of preserving that Peace. — The Event of the Contest hath clearly shewn to Whom *5

the Credit of promoting that desirable Object is really due, and who, with Views not the most justifiabie, must truly be considered as the Enemy of our Peace, Honour, and Independence. If we have so far acqui-efeed in this Injury, as not to press our Preference to the utmost, by returning to this House the first Object of our Choice, under these Circumstances of reputed Ineligibility, it is not that we admit the Justice of his Exclusion, or the Legality of a Proceeding so conduct ed; but because Experience hath taught us not to risque the Decision of a substantial Right on a Question collaterally arising from the Subject of our Complaint; and we conceived it to be more becoming the Dignity of our Cafe, as well as more respectful to this House, to prefer a direct and formal Charge against the Minister himself. Lord North, for a wanton and arbitrary Abuse of Powers, which, if not wholly usurped, have, in this, and many other Instances of the like Nature, been exercised, to the utter Subversion of all free Election. As if the Wrong which we have sustained were not sufficient, Insult has been added to Injury; and Mr. Tuffnell, whose offer of Services to us, by his own Mode of Reasoning, could be supported only on the absolute Resignation of his former Seat, is still, and has constantly continued the legal and unimpeached Member for Beverley. By this pretended Vacancy, thus clandestinely attempted, confefiedly incompleat, and therefore not notified to the Electors in any useful Form, we have been deprived of the Exercise of a most valuable Franchise; and have been raved from becoming the Dupes of this unwarrantable Combination only by the Spirit of the Freeholders, and the Difinterestedness of the worthy Gentleman whom we have returned. In complaining of this complicated Greviance, we presume not to dispute any Prerogative which the Crown may justly exercise j but we cannot, without the highest Indignation, fee a Minister avowedly assume to himself a Right of discharging from the Service of his Constituents, any Member whom he may please to favour, and of deciding who shall offer themselves to the Electors for their Choice. It is unnecessary to observ© that the Act of the Sixth of Queen Anne was passed by Men jealous of the Power of the Crown, to preserve the Fidelity of the Representative to his Constituents; and that it is from an Abuse and Perversion of that Act, that the Power claimed by the Minister to vacate Seats in Parliament is derived. The Invasion of our Rights is direct, the Consequence arising from it plain and indisputable; if any Power on Earth can dictate to our Choice, and prescribe who shall, and who shall not, become Candidates to represent us in Parliament, we may talk of our Rights, and take a Pride in our Freedom, but, in Fact, we have none. To this Evil, at all Times intolerable, Circumstances of extreme Aggravation, in the present Instance, have been added. It is not necessary to refer to other Evidence than to the Journals of this House, to {hew the calamitous Situation to which this Country is reduced; and it requires little Proof that the Wiklom of a Parliament alone, freely chosen, and acting without Influence, can relieve us from that Situation. But so miserable is our Condition, and {o contemptuously have we been treated, that the same Person in whose Administration we have suffered Losses the most unparalleled, by preventing the Operation of this only Remedy which, under Heaven, can lave us from utter Ruin, has contributed to increai’e and perpetuate our Distress. To this House, therefore, which claims the exclusive Cognizance of all Matters affecting the Rights of the Electors of Great Britain, we appeal for Justice; and most earnestly pray and expect, that some permanent Law may be provided for the effectual Security of those Rights; that some known, certain, and equal Rule may be established, for vacating the Seats of Members chosen to represent the People in Parliament; and that an immediate and thorough Inquiry may be

instituted

ao Geo. III. io8 — 130 Decembris. 5°7

instituted into the true Cause of those Misfortunes which have reduced this once powerful and flourishing Empire to a State which Words cannot describe, and of which History affords no Example.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Members of the House of Commons to be eligible to serve in Parliament for any other County, City, Borough, Town, or Place: And that Mr. Wood, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr. Thomas , and Mr.

Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Petition be adjourned till Thursday the Third Day* of February next.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Tuesday the First Day of Ft bruary next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Let-ten to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the

Members of this House, upon the First Day

of February next.

Copies of which Letters are as follow j viz.

SIR,

From the House of Commons, the 10th December 1779.

I am commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint you. That you are, immediately upon the Receipt of this; to summon the llepresentatives of your County, and Boroughs within the lame, to attend their Service in Parliament on Tuesday the ift Day of February next; and you are to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon, upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure of the said House.

I am. Sir,

Your humble Servant, Flr. , Speaker

From the House of Commons, the loth December 1779.

My Lord,

fringement of the deaveft Rights of every Subject throughout the Empire, and tending to fap the Basis of this free and happy Constitution.

Complaint being made t# the House, That the Duke of Chandos, a Peer of Parliament, and Lord Lieutenant of the County of Southampton, had signed a Letter with his own Hand, respecting the ensuing Election for the said County, thereby concerning himself in the said Election, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, and in Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain;

Re/e/ved, Nemine Contradicente, That it be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do fit, and proceed upon the Matter of the said Complaint, on this Day Sevennight, at Twelve of the Clock.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved\That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole [House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunce^ 130 die Decembris;

Anno ao* Georgii III"' Regis, 1779.

I am commanded by the House of Commons to desire your Lordship, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Members of Parliament for the Cinque Ports, to attend their Service in Parliament, on Tuesday the ill Day of February next; your Lordship will also be pleased to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon.

I am, with the utmost Respect,

My LorJ,

Your Lordship’s Most humble and obedient Servant,

Flr. Norton, Speaker. To the Right honourable Frederick Lord North, Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports.

The House was moved, That the Resolution of this House, of the 26th Day of November last, "That it " is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any " Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any " County, to concern themselves in Elections of " Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That it is highly criminal in any Minister or Ministers, or other Servants under the Crown of Great Britain, directly or indirectly, to use the Powers of Office in the Election of Representatives to serve in Parliament; and an Attempt at such influence will at all Times be resented by this House, as aimed at its own Honour, Dignity, and Independency, as an In-Vol. 37.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of and

A/lafton, in the County of , was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of Scarrington and in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Lord Edward Bentinck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in Stonejby in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Officers of the Militia as have not transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace, Descriptions of their Qualifications, and Certificates of their having taken the Oath as required; and for giving further Time for those Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved,

Privilege.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Scarrinoton

and

AIla6ion

Inclosure.

Stonesby

Inclosure#

Mi lit mi

Officers

Indemnity'

508 . 13 Decembris. 1779.

Resolved, That the $iH do pass; And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify such Officers of the Militia as have not transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace, Descriptions of their Qualifications, and Certificates of their having taken the Oaths as required; and for allowing further Time for the Delivery of Descriptions of Qualifications by such Officers of the Militia; and for obliging the Captain Lieutenant to deliver in a Description of his Qualification.

Ordered, That Mr. Hartley do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sunning A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Jtoail. passed in the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called The Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five^ of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. \

Banbury a Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Edgehill Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-Road. sixth Year of the I^eign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to widen and " repair the Road from The Guide Post, near the End " of Drayton Lane, near Banbury, in the County of " Oxford, to the House called The Sun Rising, at the " Top of Edge Hill, in the County of ," was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which hath been applied in amending the said Road; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed as aforesaid, cannot be paid off, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and some further and other Powers granted for those Purposes: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House thall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consuleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Skipwith, Mr.

Jhend, &rc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Seer.d Street A Bill for amending the Road from the West End See. of Sc end Street to The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish

Road. of Box, in the County or Wilts, and certain other

Roads leading out of the said Road; and for making an additional Road from the said Road in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with The Devizes Turnpike Road at or near SomerhamBrook, in the same Chapelry, all in the said County; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Penrud-tlock, Mr. Toimjhend&c.: And they are to meet this > Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Votes at The Order of the Day being read, for the House

Elections rc^ve a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the Second Day of February next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give NevTlewti, Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Proposals that have been made to the Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces, or the Secretary at War, since the a6th Day of November 1778, for the Purpose of railing new Levies for His Majesty’s Service, together with Copies of the Answers returned to such Applications; and also, Copies of the Letters of Service issued by the Secretary at War, in consequence of any such Proposals having been accepted by His Majesty; with the Dates when any such new Levies were first returned compleat to the Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces, or the Secretary at War, and the Dates of the Returns of the General or Field Officer who inspected or first reviewed them.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time. Dtiertioa.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Disputo His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Wlti,g^nce Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of Lord Viscount Weymouth's Answer to the Rescript or Manifesto of the Marquis D'Alof the 16th

of Junelaft; and also, a Copy of the Justifying Memorial of the King of Great Britain, in Answer to the Exposition of Motives of the Court of France.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Ditta Copy of the Exposition of the Motives and Conduct of the King of France towards England.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co- pv0j pies of Two Royal Schedules of the King of Spain, together with their Inclosures, and a circular Letter published in the Month of June last at Madrid, relative to the Disputes with Great Britain.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Diuo. Copy of a Manifesto of the Motives which have induced his Catholic Majesty to withdraw his Ambassador, and to act hostily against England, lately published at Madrid.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Con- lrdaai, sideration the several Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon the ift and 8th Days of this Instant December, relating to the Trade of Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Earl of Drogheda took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The

ao Geo. III. 13* — i'4 ' Decemb509

The Earl of Drogheda reported from the Committee, That they hail come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the TIoufe will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Earl of Drogheda also. acquainted the House, That he was- directed by the' Committee to move, that they may have Leave to Jit again,

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennighf, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply- Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

W»n Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday ind Meant. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 140 die Decembris;

Anno 20* Georgii III*" Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An LaadT*x. Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raiserl in Great , for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty; without any Amendment: And also,

Siipply Bill; The Lore s have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act M»itbutic*. fir continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty,; without any Amendment: And also,

America; The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act Bi'1 ' for further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth luUaTl ^eaf ^ie Heig" ^'s Pr°k‘nt Majesty intituled, Ptriois. " An Act to impower His Majrdy, to (ecure and detain " Persons charged with, or lulptfted of, the Crime of " High Trcaion, commuted in any of His Maj.try’s " Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High " Seas, or the Crime of Piracy;" without any Amendment; And a1 lb,

Importation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act oj Iciian for continuing an Act, made in the last SeflSon of 1row.11 1 . for allowing the Importation of Fine Or-

ganzined- Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Hockliffe The Lord Ongleyreported from the Committee, to *nd whom the Bill for enlarging the Tpnn and Powers

Vt>Ui,n granted by Two Acts, made in the First and Sixteenth 03 s' Years of the Reign of his lute Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual amending the Highway between Ilockliffeand in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Bickford Bri, in Newport in the County of Bucks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found lire same to be true; and that the Committee had gone "VoL. 37.

through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-unt^» which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put ‘thereupon, Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

A Petition of Francis John Tyjfen, Esquire, Lord df Fouldbn the Manor of Foul don - Latimers, with the Members, Indofutvi the Reverend Joshua U kite, Clerk, Vicar of the Vicarage and Pari fit Church of Foul don, in thfe County of Norfolk, Henry William Wilson, Esquire; and of several other Owners of Estates, in the said Parish of Fouldori, entitled to certain Rights of Cdmmon within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish several Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Common Fields, Feti Lands, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but that if the said Lammas Meadows,

Heaths, Common Fields, Fen Lands, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, were divided, and specific Allotments thereof made to the Petitioners, and all other Persons, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein, the same might be greatly improved; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to taring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulation* as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; pursuanr to the Piayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Huffey, Sir Edward, AJlley, and Mr. Coke of Nor-

folk, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, BridgQord passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and oa widening the Road from the North End of Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, and Rutland, and through to The Bawling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Bridges Brudenell, Mr. Smith, Scc.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in, the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Earl of Drogheda, according to Order, reported Trade ol from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Ireland, was referred to take into Consideration the several Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon the lit and 8th Days of this Instant December, relating to the Trade of Ireland, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to repeal so much of any of the Laws passed in Great Britain, as prohibit the Exportation from the Kingdom of Ireland, of all Woollen Manufactures whatsoever, or Manufactures made up, or mixed with, Wool or Wool Flocks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Exportation ol Glass, Giats Bottles, or Glass of any Denomination whatsoever, from the Kingdom of Ireland.

6 0 Resolved,

Royal

Assent

Sills.

flockltfTe

and

Woburn

K^ids.

5to

x4* — li;0 DecerhbHs.

A.

1779.

ttefityei. Eat.it is llie Opinion of this Committee, Tint it js expedient to allow the Trade between If eland and the oritrn Colonies and

iVtfl Iudirt, ZQ<i the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, to be carried on in like Manner, and subject to the fame Regulations and Restrictions, as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the jlaid Colonies apd Settlements provided all Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of such Colonies and Settlements shall be made liable, by Laws ,so made in Ireland, to the same Duties as the like Goo^lsare of may be liable to upon Importation into Great Britain*^ v <t

The laid feefolutypns being Severally, read a Second Time, y»ere, upop the Qupjtibh severally put thereupon,. agreed to by the House.

Ordered. lat a Rill or Bolls be< brought, in, upop the said- R^plptiops And that the Lord North^ the j£ar| of Drogheda, tyord George T the Lord $eau-

...Mr, Cornwall, the Lord the Lord

Pjlmtrjtpu, Mr. Attorney, General, Mr. Solicitor Ge-n^rah Mr. S^rretary at War, the Earl Nugent, Mr. Charles JfpjunJhend,{tht,^rd Nevohaven, Mr. £//;), Sir

Grey Coopery and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Anti then. the House a&burnecl tifl To -morrow MormngTcn of the Clock.

Merctlrii', x 5* d;

Anno 2.6* GeWgii 1II‘" Kegi's, tyyp.

T i a rit rV.

AMES^A'Gfe ftom tS?s Majesty, by Mr. Quarme, YdOrhah TJlher of the Black Rbd':

Mr. Speaker,

The King cdmmaiids this Wriobfabtc ttobfe <6 at-’terid ‘His Majesty, Ithmediaifty, in the House 'bf Peers. , .

‘Accordingly Mr. Speaker, ^jlth the Hotife, Went Up to attend 'His Majesty.

And beiifg returned;

Mr.‘Speaker fepdrtfed, Tijat the House Had aftehddfd His Majesty in the flctfife'of PeftV; Wliefe His Majesty was pleased tp give the Royal Alfent to the several Public' Bills'follow jn'g; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majestyr, by a Land Tax to be failed in for the Ser-

vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and

i *

Woburhto fufkfor'd bridge, in Newport in the County of B ticks, Was read the Third Time.

RiJbtVfd, That the fehl dd piss: Arid that the Tide be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by TWo Xftty niadfe ift the First and Sixteenth Yeats of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for ttife more effect rial ahi ending the Highway between Hocfiliffe arid Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through iVoknrb to fitkfjsrd Bridge, in Newport in the County of

Bhcks.

'Ordtrid, That the Lord Ongky do carry the Rill tri the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A. Petition of the Trqftfees for executing an Act of ParfiaWent, rpade in the First Year of the Reign of His prese'nt Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending the Road from V Gate, in the Parish of Thorn , to

" Creek of Haven, find from The Guide Post m Wincfand " tp Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow " Farm, in the County of fork, and for lowering a.*J " cleansing the said Creek or Haven," was preknt d to the Housev and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded, in the Execution of the said Act, and have made great Progress in amending the said Road, and .-in (cowering and cleansing the said Creek or. Haven; and that, in order to carry on the said Works, the Petitioners have been obliged to borrow, upon the Credit of the Tolls and Tohnage Duties arising by virtue of the said Act, the Sum of 2,600, which ftih remains :due; and that, forne of the Power* and Provisions of the said Act require *to*be amended, and the Term thereby granted is near expiring; and that, unless. the term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged, the Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads arid Haven properly kept in Repair and cleansed: And 'therefore, praying, That Leave may be given to bring m. a, Bill for 'enrargi rig the Term and Powers the said Act, in such Manner, and under fCicli Regulations, is to the House ‘shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred so the Consideration of a 'Committee.: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it iiiall appear‘to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Daniel Mr. Turner,

&c. And jtliey are to iti^et upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber^ arid have ‘Bower to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Eighty: . i,

An Act For continuing and/granting to His Majesty ‘certain Dbties iijk)Q Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty:

An Act for further cohtinuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to i,mpower His Majesty to lefcure " and detain Persons cliatged With, or suspected 'bf, " the Crime of "High Treal'on, cririirtiitjCd in any bf u His Majesty’s Goioriies or Plarttatibm in America, 6r " oh the High Seas, or the Crime bf Piracy

An Act, for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for 'allowirtg the Importation of 'Fine Organziried Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time,

An ingrossed ' Bill for enlarging the Term and Ppwers granted by Two Acts, made in the First and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual amending the Highway between Hock/ijfe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through ’ >9

Sir William Guifereported frorn the Committee, to whom the Petition of tnte Trustees named and appoint^ in and by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

Second, intituled " An Act for repairing and widening ‘‘ the Road from The Hand and Post in Upton Field, in " |the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford, " through the several Parishe6 within mentioned, to a " Plate in the parish of Pirejl'o, in the County of G/ovcister, called Dancy's Fancy,"Was referred; That the

Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the'25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter, of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to^the House; and he read the Report in his Place; arid afterward| delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said'Petition, the said Act Was read: And,

John Chaunler Ready, Esquire, being examined, said,. That the Cud Act hath been regularly carried into Execution,

T’r^fTi Gu r.iUij Kuatl.

Burford

Road.

20 Geo. III.

15° becetnbris.

5*

cution, and a conlklCrable Progress hath been made in repairing the said Road; in doings which the Tolls collected the'reori, and the Sum of £.750 borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly expended — That the said Debt cannot be paid off, or the Roads completely amended arid kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act, which is near expiring, be continued, anti the Pdw'ers thereof enlarged.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in ri Rill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of Iris late Majesty, intituled, An Act for 'repairing and widening the Road from The Hand and in \jpton Field, in the

" Pari Hi of Buford, in the County of Oxford, through

" the several Parilftes within mentioned, to a Place in the Ptrish of Prefion, in the County of Gloucester,

called banry's Fancy And that Sit William Guise, Mr. Chester, and Mr. Blackwell, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

ChnM'.ne Th.e House was Moved, That in Act, made in the Conveyance Eighteenth Year Of the Reign of His present Majesty, g ° &c. inthuled, " An Act to feYpIaih and amend so touch of " an Act, made in the Fbutth Year of the Reign of

" His present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the " clandestine Conveyance of Su^dr and Paheles, from the British Colonies and Plantations in into Great Britain," might be relch

And thfe feme being fead accordirigty;

Refthecd, That this House wifi, To-mortoW Morning, resolve itself into U Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Anf wtr The Lord Hinchingbrook repriftfed ’to the House, That

10 ThtiV Addi'CfTeb Of Monddy last (that His Majesty would ! AAdrcb*be gVhcioufty pleated to give Difcftions, that the several

Papers. Tapers therein mentioned 'might bfe laid before ‘this House) had been presented to His Majesty'; and that His Majesty had cinfrtriandfed'Kim’to ’aftjurilrit this'HOufe, that Hfc Will giv'e Directions riccbfdingiy.

Chawron Mr. 'Minchin presented to the House, according to

aa-1 D der, a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Roods. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing arid widehing " the Roads from Chmvion Pond, in the parish of " Chawtou, in the County of Southampton, through " Rumfatan Bottom, WcflWarnford, Exton,

" Waltham, and over Sherrill Heath, and through " hnm and Fareham, to the Town of Gosport; and from " Exton aforesaid, thrmigh broxtord, to the East End " of Sherrill Heath, in the said County and for. granting other Powers for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

P'on* A Motion was made, and the Question being put, wfprrrir5 tfce an humble Add rets be presented tD His Majesty,

rwernoa tpat jqe ivjj| gr;iciously pleased to give Directions

Jomaica. that there be laid before this Hriufe, Copies of all Petitions, Memorials, and AddreflVs for Protection, from the Governor and Council and Assembly of Jamaica, to His Majesty or His Ministers, from the ift of January 1773 to the 17th of September 1779,-induftVe;

Tiic } louie divided.

The Yeas wfent forth.

'Td!w for the You.^; S'

Tellers for (lie Nacf.j

So it passed in the Negative.

Tile Lord North prefehted to the House, according tb Order, a Bill to repeal certain Acts made in Great By fain, which re strain* the Trade1 and 'Gotntnferce 6(‘ftte-Vol- 37.

72.

Trite if lrel.ir.il.

land with Foreign Farts: Arid the fatrid was deceived; and read the First time. .

Resolved, That the Bill Be rbad a Second Time;.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time,

Upon Friday MoFning next;

A Petition of the Governors and GuardiahS of the Gray'* Inn Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of expbfed _C*oe arid cfeferfed young Children; of the Treasurers, Go- turnpike. Verribrt, arid Trustees, of thfe Welsh Charity School, iifuated near tri the End bf Gray*s Inn Lane j and of the several Persons wbbfe Nkmes are thereunto fub-Icribed, on Behalf bf themselves and others. Owners arid Proprietors bf Lands, Builders, arid Occupiers of Houses, in the several StretfSj stowS, arid Places, situated bn the Side of, arid near tb, that very (mail Part of the Highgale and Hampstead Turnpike Road that litth between the North End bf (fray’s Ittn Lane and the New Road that leads from IJlingtoti to Paddihittfn, in the County of Middlesex j and also of the Rectors, ^Churchwardens, and Other Officers and Inhabitants, of tire several Parishes bf Saint George the Martyr and Saint Andrew Fklborn, on Behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the Streets, Squaires, and Places, lh the said latge and pdpulous Parishes, who have Occafioti to jpafs by Way of Gray's lnh Lane Road and the said New Road to IJBngton, and thfe East End of the City of London, and to thfe great Essex Road, as also to the Edrware Road hear Paddington, and to the great Western Road, was presented io the House, and read,) Setting forth*

That the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, to continue and tender more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to High-gate 'Gdtehouse arid Ha'fnpfead, and other Roads in the said Act meritioried, in the County of Middlesex-, and also, tb courthufe and fehder mote effectual an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads lfeading to Highgale Galihouse and Hampstead, and froth Saint Giles's Pound to Kitbutn Bridge, to make a new Road from the great Northern Road at Islington to the jEdgivare Road near Paddington, lb far as the same is by the lai'd Act dirfefted to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said jfirft-mentioned Acts, and for making a Road from the said New Road near Queen's Row to Bagriigge Waft), and for watching, lighting, and watering tht laid Roads; did, by virtue of the Powers, and in ‘Conformity to the Directions, contained in the General Turtlpike Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, let to farm, by public Auction, in*Oiie Lbt, the Tolls that might lawfully be demanded and taken at the following kite's on the said Roads, that is 'to fey, Tottenham Court Gate, Battle Bridge Gate, Saint John's 'Street Gate, Gofwtll 'Street Gate, Cold Bath Fields Gate, Holloway Gate, Balls Pond Gatthe East Gate Nett

Road, and the West Gate New 'Road, to One John , and granted him a Lease thereof for the Term of Three Years, frotn Michaelmas 1777, at and for the clear Annual Sum of ,£.5,410 $ and that, ori the Request of the fai'd LeTTee, made at the General Monthly Meeting held the i2fh of November following,'being only Six WeCks and Two Days after the Lease commented, it being suggested that the Tolls at tile Cold Bdth Fields Gate 'Were corifiderably decreasing, to his great Injury, which the Petitioners conceive to be very improbable, as no such Decrease appears in the Books of the Trust immediately preceding (he Lease, a Majority of the Trustees at the next'General Monthly Meeting (Fourteen Truly tees only being present) without any public Notice having been given in the News Papers, as has been ‘ the Usual Custom of that Board in Affairs of much Ids Consequence, to inform the Trustees at large, the Num- , ber "Of whom is prclumed to be between Two arid Three hundred, that an Affair of such Magnitude Was ib Wgitation, Ordered a "Gate to be trested acfofs "thfe said'Road, near to the- Eftdtbf 'Gray's ImLant, to "the

Intent

Gray*# tnu Lane Turnjikt.

512 15 — 1.7'

Intent that Tolls might be collected thereat, in the same Manner as at all the other Gates, by and for the sole Use of the said Lessee, thereby giving to him -many hundred Pounds per Annum so collect ed at the said Gate,

which he was not entitled to demand or receive under the Authority of either the aforementioned Acts of Parliament, nor had any the lead Right or Pretence to claim or expeift under his Lease, without the said Trustees reserving any , Part thereof towards discharging the Debts due to their Creditors, or for repairing the said Roads; and that the said Gate is a great Grievance to the said Hospital, the Governors and Officers of which are obliged to pay very heavy Tolls thereat before they can travel Twelve Yards upon the said. Turnpike Road towards the New Road, and will greatlyleflen the Value of their Estate,' they haying a, considerable Quantity, of Ground to let on Building Leases, from which, in case free. Access to the said New Road is restored, they expect. to receive a large Revenue for the further Support and Ex'ten.tion of that great National Charity; and that some of the Petitioners have lately purchased Lands, at vrfry high Prices, between Gray Inn and the New Road, for the Purpose of erecting Buildings thereon, and have built, within Four Years last past, many large Houses fit for the Reception of genteel Families, and have expended several considerable Sums of Money, Which they would not have done had they conceived that they were more liable to have a Toll imposed on them there, than if they had purchased and built in London, to which the said New Buildings are in a Manner contiguous; that several Families who were about to become Tenants of some of the said Houses, on seeing the said Toll Gate erected, would not take them, and many others, who were actually resident there, and in that Neighbourhood, have left their respective Dwellings, not being willing to submit to pay very heavy Tolls, videlicet, Ten Pence on , and Four Pence,

n other Days, for the Liberty of going in a Coach and Pair Four of Five hundred Yards, which has diminished the Value of the said Houses af least Thirty per Cent, and the Petitioners are thereby injured to the Amount of several Thousand Pounds; and that the Petitioners, the said Treassurers, Governors, and Trustees, had heretofore free Access to the said Charity School, as had the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes to their respective Burial Grounds, which lie but a few Yards beyond the said Toll Gate, at which they are now obliged to pay Toll for passing through the same with their numerous Coaches, Hearses, and other Carriages; and that, before the said New Gate was erected, that very Ibort Part of the Turnpike Road that lieth between the End of Gray's Inn Lane and the New Road, was considered as a Free Entrance to the said New Road, in like Manner as Tottenham Court Road (which is also Part of the IIigligate and Hampstead Roads, and repaired by the same Trust.) now is, and, always has been; and the Petitioners and the Public enjoyed for many Years the same Liberty of travelling or passing to the Eastward or West ward on the said New Road, as those entering thereon from the said Tottenham Court Road, Portland Street, Mary bone, and other Parts on the West, and from IJlingtonand other Places on the F,aft, have always clone, without paying other Tolls than those collected of the said New Road; and that the Petitioners fed themselves exceedingly oppressed, as they now pay to the said Trust, for a Poll Chaise and Pair, Four Pence at the said New G^ite at the End of Gray's Inn Lane, and Two Pence at One of the said New Road Gates, being treble the Toll that those pay who go on the said New Road from either the City of London, or from the West End of the Town, they paying only Two Pence at the said New Road Gates; and the Petitioners arc of Opinion, that the Tolls they mu ft pay at one of the Gates on the said New Road before they can arrive either at or Mary bone, are

fully adequate to the Wear they occasion to the said New

Decembris. . 1779.

Road, and to that very small Part of the Old Road which is the Entrance thereto from Gray's Inn j and representing to the House, that, before the Toils were lec on Lease, the Money collected by the said Trustees on the Old and New Roads constituted but One Fund, as do the Sums paid by the Leflec of the said Old and New Road Gates since the Lease thereof to him commenced, out of which Fund are defrayed all Expences of repairing both the Old and New Roads indiscriminately; and that the Petitioners, who pay such heavy Tolls for the Liberty of passing to their respective Rftates and Dwellings, which are but a few hundred Yards from the End of Gray’s Inn Lane, cannot but think themselves very partially dealt with, f<jr they beg leave further to observe, that the Inhabitants of the very large and populous Village of Islington, and the Public in general, who go thither from the City of London by Way of the City Road, have the Liberty of - travelling beyond the said Village upon the Main Street Road and the Back Road thereof to Holloway Toll Gate, and to the many New Buildings in the several Streets, Rows, and Places in that Neighbourhood, and also as far as to Ball's Pond loll G, near Newington >

being several Miles of Road that is repaired by the said Highgate and Hampstead Trust, without contributing One Penny towards such Repairs: And theref re praying the House to take the Pretnifes into their Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Turnpike Act for the said Highgate and Hampstead Roads, so far as- to restrain the erecting any Gate or taking Toll between 'Gray's Inn Lane and the New Road, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as the House shaft think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consider^tion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to the Lord , Mr. Recorder of London, &c.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning nexr, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

V1 eneris, I j° di Decembris;

Anno ao* Georgii IIP'* Regis, 1779.

PR-4VERS.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eledfing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in- this present Parliament for the County of Devon, in the room of John Walter, Esquire, dc* ceaftd.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bringvin, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Zurifnaddai

lejlone,

Supply,

Ways and to can?.

Deton

Writ,

Salthouse

and

Kelliu*

Inelofurf.

Jeromi

of

Debtors.

Ditto*

South Mailing kc. . Road.

fcahhouse and Kelli njr InUpsure.

ao Geo. III. . ij° Decembtis* - - 513

{ejiont,- Elqulre, Lord of the Manors of Salt house IHiuhingham, SahhcufNether halls, and falling, falling bketpdU, Bardo/phs, otherwise

with the Re-dory, lying in and extending over the Pa-rHhes of Salt house and falling, in the County of Norfolk, and also of several ofhe- Persons, whole Names are thereunto subsenbed, being Owners and Proprietors ot certain Lands and Tenements, and entitled to certain Rights of Sheep Walk, Common, and Shackage, and othfer Kights and Interests, within the .'aid Manors and Paiilhes.

‘ Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk of this House had received several Returns to the Orders of the House of the tSth Day of Junes in the last Session of Parliament, " That there be prepared, in " order to be laid before this House in the next Session " of Parliament, Lists of the Names of all the Persons " who shall be confined for Debt on the ill Day of October next, in the several Prisons within the Kingdom " of Great Britain, distinguishing whether such Persons are lo confined in Execution or upon Mesne " Process, and specifying the particular Sums for which " such Persons are charged respectively, and the Times " when they were first committedand allb, " That " the said Order be sent to the Sheriffs of the several " Counties of Great Britain; and that Copies of the " same be transmitted by them to the Gaolers and " Keepers of all the Prisons where Debtors are usually " confined within their respective Counties;" and that the said Returns were now upon the Table,

Ordered, That the said Returns be refer- d to the Confederation of a Committee: And that th^y do examine, and report the same to the House:

And they are referred to the Lord the Lord North, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Sheriffs of the several Counties of Great Britain, who have not already transmitted Iietu. s of the Lists of the Names of all the Persons who were confined for Debt on the ift Day of October last, in t:.e several Prisons within the Kingdom of Great Britain-, distinguishing whether such Persons were so confined in Execution or upon Mesne Process, and Ipccifying the particular Sums for which such Persons were charged respectively, and the Times when they were first committed, do forthwith transmit such Returns to the Clerk of this House, in order that the same may be by him laid before this House.

Mr. Diekinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the South End of The South Street, in the Parish of South M near the Town of Lewes, to Glyndbndge, and from thence, through Firle

Street under the Hill, to Lougbri in the Parish of Al-

friston, in the County ci Suffix: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, Tlut the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extinguishing all Rights of Sheep Walk, Common, and Shackage, in and over the Common Fields and Half Year Lands, lying within the Parifijes of Salt house and falling, in the County, of;

and for dividing and allotting certain Warrens, Heaths,-Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Grouqdfc, within the said Par;flies; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the iatne was received; and read the first I'ime. . . '

Vol. 37. - , ' ' -.V - -

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to repeal certain Acts, made in Great Britain, which restrain the Trade and Commerce of Ireland with Foreign Parts, was, according to Order, read a Second Ttme.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next^resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Complaint being made to the House, That the Duke of Chandos, a Peer of Parliament, and Lord Lieutenant ®f the County of Southampton, had signed several Letters with his own . Hand, respecting the ensuing Election for the said County; which Letters were directed to the Reverend Mr. Taylor, Rector of Crawley, Hants, dated December 6, 1779; to the Honourable and Reverend Mr. St. Andrew St. John, Sertierby, Fordingbridge, Hants, dated December 6, 1779; to the Reverend Mr. Toll, Vicar of Kingsclare, Hants, dated December 6,1779; to John Poore, Esquire, Morton, Andover, Hanfs, dated November 2.3, 1779; to Wadham , Esquire, ton, Christchurch, Hants, dated November 23, 1779; and to Mr. William Woodward, Wine heft a, dated November

23, *779 5 thereby concerning himself in the said Election, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, and an Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain; ' 1

Ordered, That it be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges* to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Inllrudion to the said Committee, That they do lit upon Wednesday the 26 th Day of January next, at Twelve of the Clock, and proceed upon the several Matters referred to their Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Lovel Stanhope, Mr. Drake, Mr.. Alderman Wilkes, Mr. Penton, Mr. Popham, Mr. Hen-uiker, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Dehaney, and Mr. Drake, Junior, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all British Ships, being Property, reported inwards in the Port of London, from the ift of January 1772 to the ift of January 1780, distinguishing each Year; and also distinguishing each Ship, the Date of the Report, her Name, the Port from whence Ihe came, whether British, Plantation, or Foreign built, her Burthen, the Number of Men British, and the Number of Men Foreigners, by whom Ihe was navigated, besides the Mailer.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Ships, being Foreign Property, reported inwards in the Port of London, from the ift of Januhry 1772 to the ift of January 1780, distinguishing each Year; and also distinguishing each Ship, the Date of the Report, her Name, the Port from whence (he came, whether British, Plantation, or Foreign built, her Burthen, the Number of Men British, and the Number of Men Foreigners, by whom Ihe was navigated, besides the Mailer.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain "r and amend so much of an Act, made in the Fourth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates " to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar " and Fancies from the British Colonies and Plantations

in America, into Great Brita

6 P The

Trad? of Ireland.

Privilege.

Accmnft 1 Britishi Ships.

Account Foreign Ships.

Chadestine

Conveyance

Sugar^Jtc.

Supply.

Dr. W. Smith'* Attendance the Sick of London Gaols.

T urkey Company.

Supply*

Piiz«-Po\Mlcr supplied to Srliips in America.

514 17 — 20° Decembris. . 1779.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made " in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine " Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles from the " Colonies and Plantations in America, into Great Britain

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the " Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, " as relates to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles from the Colonies

" and Plantations in America, into Great Britain:" And that Mr. Ord and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majestyj

Ordered, That the Report, which upon this Day Sevennight was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Smith, of Lower Brook Street, in the County of Middlesex, Doctor of Physic, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon -day Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, rdolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Correspondence between the Commissioners of the Admiralty and the Hoard of Ordnance, and the Reports made to those Boards from the Officers in their respective Departments, between the ift of January 1778 and the iftof January 1779, relating to the Purchase of Prize-Pow’der supplied to His Majesty’s Ships in North America-, together with the Proceeding* had thereupon.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, " made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles from the " British Colonies and Plantations in , into

" Great Britain: " And ther same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Dersertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

LunfCj 200 die Decembris;

Anno 20* Georgii III'" Regis, *779-

Prayers.

MR. Rigby presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copies of Letters and Proposals sent to the Secretary at War, relative to Associations, and of his Answers thereto; viz.

N* x. Mr. Eubulus Smith to the Secretary at Wtrt, proposing an Association at , icth July 1779;

And alto,

N° 2. The Secretary at War to Mr. Eubulus Smith, 13th July 1779: And also,

N° 3. Lord Amherst to the Secretary at War, 21st July 1779: Inclnfing,

iV 4. Resolutions of the Committee at Guildhall, Wejirr.inster: And also,

N° 5. The Secretary at War to his Grace the Duke of Northumberland, 22d July 1779: And also,

N° 6. Resolutions of the Deputy Lieutenants and Magistrates of the 'Tower Hamlets and Royalty, 10th Augttft 1779: And also,

N° 7. The Secretary at War to the Duke of Northumberland, 26th August 1779* And also,

N° 8. Mr. Bryce to the Secretary at War, proposing an Ali'ociation at Cardigan, 20th July 1779: And also, N° 9. The Secretary at War to Thomas Bryce, Esquire, 31st July 1779: And also,

N° 10. Sir John Durbin to the Secretary at War, ift September 1779: Inclosing,

N° 11. Kesolutions of the Citizens of Briflcl: And also,

N* 1 a. The Secretary at War to Sir Durbin, Mayor of Bristol, 4th September 1779: And also,

N* 13.

Chodeftint Convey w.c of

Sugar, kc.

Army;

Mutiny and

Dtferiion,

Wav 1

and ivicant.

Papers

frying to Volunteer Association 1

2o Geo. III. 20° Decembrh. gig

N" i 3. Mr. Keene to the Secretary at War, proposing Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to whom anbury an Association from the Board of Works, 27th August the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put, in Exe- w 1779: And also, cution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-

N° 14. The Secretary at War to W. Keene, Esquire, sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George 27th August 1779: And also, the Second, intituled, u An Act to widen and repair

N° 15. Mr. Southcote to the Secretary at War, re- " the Road from the Guide near the End of iative to Associations in Devon, 24th August 1779: " ton Lane, near Banbury, in the County of to

And also, the House called The Sun Rising, at the Top of Edge

N° 16. The Secretary at War to J. Henry Southcote, " Hin the County of Warwick," was referred; That Esquire, at Buckland, near King's Bridge, Devon, 28th the Committee had examined, and found that the

August 1779: And all!). Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April

N° 17. The Duke of Queensberry to the Secretary at 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied

War, ift September 1779: Inclosing, with; and that the Committee had examined the Mat-

N° 18. Minutes of a Meeting of the Noblemen ter of the said Petition; and had directed him to re-

and Gentlemen of the County of Dumfries: port the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j

And also, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

N° 19. The Secretary at War to the Duke of Queen/- delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the fame

berry, 6th September 1779: And also, was read, and is as followeth; viz.

N° 20. The Secretary at War to Lord Amherst, 6th To prove the Allegations of the said Petition* the September 1779: And also, said Act was read: And,

N" 21. 1 ord Amherst to the Secretary at War, 10th Mr. Thomas Tomkins being examined* laid. That the September 1779: And also, Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said

N° 22. The Secretary at War to the Duke of Queen/- Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the berry, nth September 1779: And also, Credit theref, which, together with the Tolls, have

N° 23. Sir Nicholas Bayly, Baronet, to the Secretary been applied in repairing the said Road; and that the

at War, relative to the Anglesea Affectation, 13th Sep- Money so borrowed cannot be repaid during the Term tember 1779: Inclosing, of the said Act. — And he added. That in order to ena-

N4 24. Copy of a Memorial from Angle/ea to Sir ble the said Trustees effectually to repair the said Road,

Nicholas Bayly, and an Answer to it trom the it will be necessary to borrow a further Sum of Money Board of Ordnance: And also, than by the said Act they are authorized to do; and

N° 25. The Secretary at War to Sir Nicholas Bayly, also to increase the present Tolls.

Baronet, 17th September 1779: And also. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

N° 26. Mr. Allen to the Secretary at War, proposing enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the to arm and discipline 500 Colliers, for the Defence of Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, the Coast of Pembrokeshire, 18th September 1779: And intituled, "An Act to'widen and repair the Road

also, " from the Guide Post, near the End of Drayton Lane,

N* 27. The Secretary at War to John Bartlett Allen, near Banbury, in the County of Ox/ord, to the House Esquire, 24th September 1779: And also, " called The Sun Rising, at the Top of Edge Hill, in

N4 28. Lord Amherst to the Secretary at War, re- " the County of WarwickAnd that Mr. St. John,

Iative to a Corps in the IJle0/Man, 2d November 1779: the Lord Wenman, and Sir Thomas do prepare.

And also, and bring in, the fame.

N4 29. The Secretary at War to the Resident Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man, 2d A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution November 1779: And also, an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late T#oPeanit«

N4 30. Mr. Bursfidd to the Secretary at War, de- Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Sco*»-firing that an Association may be permitted at Bradford, Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny 30th October 1779: Inclosing, Sterling upon every Scot's Pint of Ale, Porter, and

N° 31. Application from the Town of Brad/ord, Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, for Leave to form an Association: And also, tapped, or fold, within the Town of in the Shire

N° 32. The Secretary at War to J. A.Bursfidd, of Roxburgh, for finishing a Bridge crols the River Esquire, 8th November 1779: And also, Tweedand for other Purposes therein mentioned; and N* 33. Proposal for embodying and training the of several other Persons, being Inhabitants of the said Society called Methodijls,24th October 1779: And Town of Kelso, was presented to the House, and read;

also, Setting forth. That the Duty granted by the said Act,

N* 34, The Secretary at War to Mr. T. Webb, late - was to commence and have Continuance from and after Lieutenant in the 48th Regiment, relative to the Pro- the 24th Day of 1759, for the Term of Twenty-polal for embodying the Society called Methudijls, 8th one Years, and to the End of the then next Sefiidn November 1779: And allb, of Parliament, for the Purposes of building and com-

N"35,3". 37. Lord Amherst to the Secretary at War, pleting the said Bridge, repairing the Streets of the relative to notifying for Commissions the Officers ap- said Town, and procuring and conveying to proper pointed for the Associations at Bath, Falmouth, Dover, Places within the said Town, 2 sufficient Supply of Cardigan, County of Sussex, Penryn, and Scarborough, frefla and wholesome Water, and building and erecting ' 14th October 1779,2d November 1779, and 13th November a Workhouse for maintaining and employing the Poor

1779: And allb, of the said Town and Parish; and that the Trustees

N* 3S. Lift of Associations, to whom Arms and appointed by the said Act, have proceeded in the Exe-Ammunition have been ordered to be delivered, in cution thereof, and have caused the said Duty to be re-conseque-nce of the Secretary at War’s Letters to His gularly collected; bur, although the same has been ex- Majesty’s Secretary of State. pended with the utmost Frugality, the Whole thereof

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers. (together with a considerable Sum of Money which has

And the said Schedule was read. been borrowed, and still remains due, upon the Credit

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table of the said Act) has been applied in finishing and to be peruled by the Members of the House. completing the said Bridge only; and the Trustees

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other have not yet been able to proceed in any of the other-.

Papers of this Seftion. Works in the said Act mentioned, and directed to be

Voi.. 37. performed;

Worcester

Paring.

Trails of Ireland.

510 20° Decembris. 1779.

performed; and that the Performance of the several Amendments were Once read throughout; and then other Works mentioned in the said Act, would be of a Second Time, One by One; and* upon the Quei'lion great Advantage to the said Town, and ot public severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Utility; but the same cannot be done, and the Money Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be owing as aforesaid repaid, unless the Term and Powers ingrossed. *

granted by the said Act be continued, there being no - Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

other Revenue whatsoever belonging to the said Town: Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to grofied. bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think The Order of the Day being read, for the House Trade of proper. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ireland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Eden, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to (end for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution Two Afb of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better supplying the City of Worcester with Water, and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Acts into Execution, but find, that, owing to the Insufficiency of the Rates which the Petitioners were impowered to collect, they have incurred a Debt of £. 9,000 and upwards, in completing the Waterworks only, so that the other good Purposes intended by the said Acts, cannot be carried into Execution, owing to such Deficiency in the Rates; and that some further Powers and Regulations are wanting, in order effectually to complete the Whole of the useful PLn of Improvement intended by the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring' in a Bill to amend and render more effectual the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And. it is referred to Mr. Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal certain Acts made in Great Britain, which restrain the Trade and Commerce of Ireland with Foreign Parts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

T he House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Earl of Drogheda took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Earl of Drogheda reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di reded him to report, when the House will pleate to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Earl cm Drogheda accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the iJoule; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the >9

to consider further of the several Papers which were pre-lented to the House by the Lord North, upon the ift and 8th Days of this Instant December, relating to the Trade of Ireland;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the 24th Day of Jamiary next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the HouTe CIsnM-f to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, CoDV"r';< upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Eighteenth Supr,4c. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act,

" made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine " Conveyance of Sugar and Fancies from the British " Colonies and Plantations in America, into Great " tain," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gascoyne took the Chair of the Committee. i

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

‘Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, That fhiy had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received,

Mr. Gascoyne accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered ilie Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the;

Amendments were Once read throughout; and theri a;

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, De ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Tiftie Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for M.r ne the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while Fwui. on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens, Mr. Gabriel Steward, and Mr. Penton, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Resolved, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report S«pp!j, j from the Committee of the whole House, to whom' it \

was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the (kid Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the (amc were read; and are as fol- 1

loweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Two hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid* to IVUham Smith, Doctor of Physic, in Recompence for his constant and humane Attendance upon the sick and diieased Prisoners in the several Gaols in the County of

MidJ/fx.

20 Ge6^ III. 20° — 2

Middlesex , City of Westmtnjier, f’nd Borough of work, for near Four Years laftpaftj and for Repaying to the said William Smith 'the several Sums of Money by him expended in purchasing proper Medicines for such lick and diseased Fri loners.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Fifty-eight thousand One hundred and Thirty-six Pottnds Nine Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum; not exceeding Five hundred and Ninety-one thousand Four hundred and Sixty-six Pounds and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of -Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament,' in One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Supply. The House, according to Order, refolded itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had . come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the 14th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

1

The other Order of the Djy being read;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday, the Mranf. Day of Janudry next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

18 Decemhris, 517'

made in the Eighteenth Year of the Rcigti of His pVe- Clandestine sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and’ amend °nv'>-ll(e " so much of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Sugar, &c. " Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to t]ye preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Pa-" neles from the British Colonies and Plantations in " America, into Great Britain," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide, be. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Eighteenth.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act,

" made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine " Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles from the Co?

" ionics and Plantations in America, into Britain,"

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon ^r,^),'^®'ev^er Friday last, " That there be laid before this House, Co- to the Ships " pies of the Correspondence between the Commissioners in America.

" of the Admiralty and the Boaid of Ordnance, and " the Reports made to those Boards from the Officers " in their respective Departments, between the ift of " January 1778 and the ift of Jatlaary 1779, relating " to the Purchase of Prize-Powder supphed to His Majesty’s Ships in North America, together with the " Proceedings had thereupon," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Correspondence between the Commissioners of the Admiralty and the Board of Ordnance, and the Reports made to those Boards from the Officers in their respective Departments, since the ift of January 17; 3, relating to the Purchase of Prize-Powder fupnlied to His Majesty’s Ships in North America, tcgethei with the Proceedings had thereupon.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Road from Cilraps Inn

_ # O O.

Ttltup's Inn, in the Farish oi Hojiy, to join the Turn-pike Road leading from Cirencester to Dudbridge, at or Roui. near Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough; and from the Bridge at Nai/sworth, in the Parish of Evening, to the Turnpike Road upon Minchinhampton Common; and from the said Bridge, by Haivcombe and Iron Mill Hill, up The Well Hilly to the said last mentioned Turnpike Road; alt in the County of G/ourefler, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill lx committed tc Mr. E/cves$

Mr. Penruddocky &c.: And they are to mec: this After-toon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker* Cumber.

Mar/is, 2i° die Decembris;

Anno 200 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

T , f f\RD E RED, That the Order of the Day, for

JreJaad! the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, ro repeal certain Acts made in Great Britain, which restrain the Trade and Commerce of Ireland with Foreign Parts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly $

The said Bill w^ts read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal certain Acts made in Great Britain, which restrain the Trade and Commerce of Ireland with Foreign Parts. !

Ordered, That the Lord North do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, to amend an Act,

Yol. 37,

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act; Tetbury passed in the Thirry-first Year of the Reign of his late siruond’s Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from jja([ Dow3Q Tetbury to the Gates on the West of Hall; Roads-

and other Roads in the said mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Market-house in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Minc Common, and from the said Road in Minchinhampton Field UM9 the Turnpike Road from Cirencesterto Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to Tayice's Mill Pond, in Chalfard Bottom, and through to the Bottom of The Bourn Hi/l, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwei,

Mr. Popham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Secretary' at War presented to the House, pur- Accounts; suant to their Order. Sum

A particular Account of the Siam of £ 44,875. 8r. jT granted for the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1780: And also,

6 Q A parti-

5|8

21° Decembris.

J. 1779.

Salthouse

Inclosure.

'Welburre

Inclosure,

E an bury to

Edgehill

Road.

South Mailing, Sc c. Rond.

A particular Account of the Sum of £-43,331.7 granted for the Officers serving with the Forces in North America, for the Year 1780: And also,

A particular Account of the Sum 0^.58,813. i$s. 10 granted for the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1762: And also,

A particular Account of the Sum of £.10,995.12i. 6 granted for the Officers serving with the Forces in North America, for the Year 1762.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the Papers of this Session.

A Bill for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk, Common, and Shackage, in and over the Common' Fields and Half Year Lands, lying within the Parishes of Salthouse and Kelling, in the County of Norfolk; and for dividing and allotting certain Warrens, Heaths, Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Grounds, within the said Parishes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Sir Edward Afley, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the honourable George Hobart, Lord of the Manor of IVe/burne, in the County of Lincoln, the Reverend John Ridgehill. , Rector of the Parish of Wtlburne, and of the other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the other Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Heath Lands, Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are not capable of much Improvement, but that a Division and Inclosure of the fame, would improve the Estates of the Petitioners, and the other P.oprietors of Lands in the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave be may given to bring in a Bill for effectuating a Division and Inclosure of the said Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Sibthorpe, and Mr. Tyner do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. St. John presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Yea*r of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act to widen and repair the Road from 'Ihe Guide near the End of " Drayton Lane, near Banbury, in the County of " ford, to the House called The Sun Rising, at the Top

" of Edge Hill, in the County of And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the South End of The South , in the Parish of South Mailing, near the Town of Lewes, to Glyndbridge, and from thence through Fitle Street

under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of A/frifton, in the County of Suf 'ex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -inf on, Mr. Pophasn, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakei’s Chamber.

Wye River A Petition of Torrkyits Dew, Esquire, Thomas We ale. Bridge. of the Parish of Whitney, in the County of Hereford,

Gentleman, Francis Eaves, of The Hay, in the County of Bret on. Gentleman, Charles Haywood, of The in the Parish of Clifford, in the said County of Hereford, Gentleman, Lewis Chambers, of the said Parish of Clifford, Gentleman, and John Phillips, of The Hay aforesaid, Gentleman, and of several other Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the said Counties of Hertford and Brecon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalt of-themselves and others, was presented rotlie House, and read; Setting forth. That the present Ferry over the River Wye, between the Turnpike Roads at the Villages of Whitney and Clifford, in the said County of Hereford, is very dangerous, and inconvenient for Passengers; and that it w'ould be of great Safety and Convenience to all Persons travelling the said Roads, and of public Utility, if a proper and substantial Stone Bridge was built over the said River, between and Clifford aforesaid, at or near the said Ferry; and that the Petitioners, the said Thomas Frauds Eves,

Charles Haywood, Lewis Chambers, and John Phillips, are willing to undertake the Building such Bridge at their own Expence, and to keep the same in Pvepair, in case they shall be authorized to collect and receive a reasonable Toll for Persons on Foot, and for Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, passing over the said Bridge; and the said Tomkyns Dew, who is Lord of the Manors of Whitney and Clifford aforesaid, and Owner of the said Ferry, is consenting the reto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Eill for building such Bddge as aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof;.and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Johnes, &c. t And they are to meet upon Thursday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account of all Money flopped out of the Pay of Persons belonging to the Corps of Artillery serving in America, for Provisions supplied them out of His Majesty’s Stores there.

A Mefikge from the Lords by Mr. -and Mr.

Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, inti'uled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in Stonesby, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of Scarrington and AJlation, in the County of Nottingham-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten dioufand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England trading into The Levant Seas, to be applied'in assisting the said Company in carrying on their Trade.

Tha said Resolution being read a Second Time,

/ -was,

-f

i\

'ffQo

Stoppage* from rnc Artillery in America.

Stonrfhy

Incloi'urc.

Seminal

and

Aflacion

Inclosure.

Supply,

Arrry; Mutiny and Jkkttiotu

Marine

forces.

ArCOmfS;

Westmi nfter Bridge.

TWt of Ireland.

Chndriline

Conveyance

of

Sugar, &c.

20 Geo. III. 21* — 23® Decembris»

5J9

vvaj^ upon the Qucfiion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the D"y being read:

The House tefoived itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Oid reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Kill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Stephens prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

The said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. (from the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westmwfier to the of-pofite Shore in the County of Surrey) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A Sta'e of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from the 1 ft Day of December 1778 to the 14th Day of December 1779: And also.

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from the 10th October 1778 to the loth October 1779; together with a Rental and Account of Bridge Rents received to 5th July 1779.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books containing the said State

and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Books are prefetved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

The Lords have agreed to the Bilk intituled, An Act to indemnify such Officer? of the Militia as have not transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace, Descriptions of their Qualifications, and Certificates of their having taken the Oaths as required, and for allowing further Time for the Delivery of Descriptions of Qualifications by such Officers of the Militia; and for obliging the Captain Lieu tenant to deliver in a Description of his Qualification; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The £,ords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Mary Rutk, Spinster, notwithstanding her Minority, to convey, assign, and settle, her Real and[ Personal Estate, on her intended Marriage with Benjamin Keene> Esquire; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bi)l from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration, the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Officers of the Militia as have not transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace, Descriptions of their Qualifications, and Certificates of their having taken the Oaths as required, and for allowing further Time for the Delivery of Descriptions of Qualifications by such Officer? of the Militia j and for obliging the Captain Lieutenant to deliver m a Description of his Qualification.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as folio wet h; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 8. After Major," leave out* or;"1 and after Captain" insert " or." Pr. 1. 8 1 After " Lieutenant insert ex-and > " cepting only such Captain Lieu*

9.3 " tenants as have acted as such

before the First Day of July One " thousand Seven hundred and

Seventy-nine."

I. 181 Leave out " and insert

and - " March''

>9 j

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Wi nthcomHartley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-ships.

yovis, 2 30 die;

Anno 20" Georgii IIP" Regis, 1779.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford -LX. and Mr. lleit:

Mr Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal certain Acts made in Great Britain, which restrain the Trade and Commerce of Ireland with Foreign Pans; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to ti e Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made iry the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to explain arid amend so much of an Act, made in ‘* the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, " as relates to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Fancies from the British Colonies and Plantations in America, into Great ;"

without any Amendment: And also,

Vol. 37.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to consider the several Returns which have been made to the Order of the House, of the 18th Day of June; in the last Session of Parliament, " That there be " prepared, in order to be laid before this House id the next Session of Parliament, Lists of the Names of all the Persons who shall be confined for Debt on the First Day of October next, in the several Prisons within the Kingdom of Great Britain', dif- tinguishing whether such Persons are' so confined in " Execution or upon Mesne Process, and specifying the " particular Sums for which such Persons are charged respectively, and the Times when 'they were first " committed," have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Sir Herbert Matkworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children} of the Treasurers. Governors, and Trustees, of the fVelfh Charity School, situated near to the'End of Gray's Inn Lane j and of the fevetal Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Militia

Officers

Indemnity',

Ruck's

Sfiatcs

Militia

Officers

Indemnity.

Returns of Debtors.

Gray's Intt Lane Turnpike.

Gray’s Ion Lane Turnpike.

520 23° tkeembris, A. 17791

subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Buildings, and Occu-i piers of Houses in the several Streets, Rows, and Places, situated on the Side of» and near to, that very small Part of the Highgae and Hampstead Turnpike Road that lieth between the North End of Gray's Inn Lane and the New Road that leads from ljlington to Paddington, in the County of and also of the

Rectors, Churchwardens, and other Officers and Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Saint George the Martyr and Saint Andrew, Holborn, on Behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the Streets, Squares, and Places, in the said large and populous. Parishes, who have Occasion to pass by Way of Gray's Inn Lane Road and the said New Road to ljlington, and the East End of the City of , and to the great

Essex Road, as also to the Edgeware Road near Paddington-, and to the great Western Road was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also to continue and render more effectual an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to High-gate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Poiatd to Kilburne, to make a new Road from the

Great Northern Road at ljlington, to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first-rnentioned Acts, and for making a Road from the said new Road, near Queen's Row, to Bagnigge; and for watching, lighting, and watering the said Roads, was read.

And your Committee having inspected the Books of Accounts and Proceedings of the said Trust, it appeared to them, that the Trustees under the said Act had granted a Lease of the Tolls to arise from the several Gates at Tottenham Court, Battle Bridge, Saint John's Street, Goswell Street, Cold Bath Fields, Holloway, Balls

Pond, the East Gate on the New Road, and the West Gate on the New Road, to John Evans, for the Term of Three Years from Michaelmas 1777, at the clear Yearly Rent of £.5,410. — And it further appeared, that at the General Monthly Meeting of the Trustees in November following, and only Six Weeks and Two Days after the Commencement of the said Lease, Mr. Winter, on Behalf of the Lessee, applied to the Trustees prefect, for a Gate at Gray's Inn Lane — -That in Consequence of this Application, the Trustees, in December, ordered that a Gate should be erected across the Road near the End of Gray's Inn Lane, and directed Tolls to be taken thereat.

And it appeared to your Committee, from the Accounts of Receipts of the said Trust, That, for Seven-, teen Weeks and Two Days preceding the Commencement of the said Lease to John Evans, that on a Medium, the Sums received at the said Cold Bath Fields Gate, amounted to £.3. 7 s.a Week; and that there was but a very trifling Variation in the Sum so received Weekly, the whole Amount of what was taken in the Four frit Weeks being £.13- antl *n the four last£. 13. is. 6 d.

Peter Swinton, Esquxre, being examined, said, That from Calculations he has made, and from the best

' 5*

Evidence he has been able to collect, several Hundred Pounds per Annum have been received at the Gate erected in Gray's Inn Lane, no Part of which hath been applied by the Trustees, either in paying off any Part of their Debt, or in repairing the Roads under tbtir Care, the Whole being given to the Lessee, although that Gate was neither erected nor had in Contemplation by the Trustees at the Time of executing the said Lease; and for which Gate the said Lessee hath not paid any additional Rent, or other Consideration whatever.

That the Gate at Cold Bath , which, on account of a pretended Diminution of the Tolls collected-there, was made the Plea, when the Lessee applied for Relief, as mentioned in the Trustees Books, was never of such Importance as to affect in any great Degree, the Value of a Lease of the whole Tolls, for, when the Receipts were at the highest, the Charges of collecting amounted to very near the Whale of the Money taken there, which had induced the Trustees for many Years to desist from employing any Collector there.

That by an Advertisement, inserted by Order of the Trustees, in the Daily A.dvertifers of the 17th and 18th of July 1777, preceding their letting the Tolls to farm (which News-Papers he produced to your Committee) it appeared that the clear Amount of the whole Tolls collected on the old and new Roads in the preceding Year, was £.4,605. i6r. 2$d. — That of the above Sum only £ 14. o. 6. had been the Receipt at the Cold Bath Fields Gate, for the Space of Six Weeks, which was the Time the said Gate had been erected when the Tolls were so advertised to be let.

And Reference being had to the said Act of the Sixteenth of His present Majesty, it appeared. That the Trustees of the Highgate and Hampstead Roads were impowered to demand and receive vciy consider-ble additional Tolls, nearly equal to One Half ot ti>« old Tolls, for defraying the Expences of watching, lighting, and watering the said Roads.

That Provision is made therein, that no such additional Toll, shall, from the 29th Day of September to the 24th Day of March, inclusive, in every Year, be demanded or taken at any Gate on any Part of the Road leading from Saint John Street to ljlington, or from Street to ljlington, or from Coppice Row to Bagnigge Wash-, on which last Road the Cold Bath Fields Gate Hands. Ant',

Peter Swinton, Esquire, being further examined, said. That the Lefl'ee, by obtaining a Gate at Gray's Inn Lane, where the said additional Tolls are taken, and also a Sunday Toll, he is, on both those Accounts, farther greatly benefitted, to the great Injury of the Petitioners and the Public.

Your Committee then called

Mr. John Seager; who being examined, said. Time the said Gate in Gray's Inn Lane is productive of great Loss and Injury to the Foundling all Persons

who go from thence towards the New Road, paying Toll at the said Gate before they can travel Twelve Yards on the said Turnpike Road — That there are 2,600 Feet of Land belonging to the Hospital, lying beyond the said Gate, anil well situated for building upon, which the Governors, r.evertheless, cannot It: on Account of the said Gate — That he would himself give Half a Guinea a Foot per Annum for it if the Toll Gate was removed; but if it remains, he would not take it at any Price, nor does he believe any other Builder would.

That there have been many good Houses erected ne^r the End of Gray sInn Lane, tunic of which cost £.1,200 each — That he has known many Ir.stances of Periods coming to treat for those Houses, who, cn finding that they are excluded from all Communication witu. the Town without paying at the iiud Gate, have

afterwards

20 QeoJIT. $3tt j Qecm5it

afterwards Reclined taking them; and that federal who had taken Houses there previqus to the putting' pp of that Gate, did, as soon as they could afterwards, quit them; so that the Buildings are nearly delprted, to the extreme Grievance and Injury of the Owners, as well as great Difirels of many Persons who have laid out there whole Property in Building the re, which they would not have done,. could they have imagined a Turnpike Gate would ever be erected where it is- — That several Persons have been injured in their Cir — euro fiances by their Houses being untenanted, and the great Diminution in the Value of their Property.that Two of them are now in Gaol; One has lately been discharged, and another is become Bankrupt a few Weeks since.

Peter Swintcn, Esquire, being again examined, confirm-

ed the foregoing Evidence;.and added, That the Purckafe pi the Lands ^elcribed in the Petition, lying between the said Turnpike Gate and the New Road, and the Buildings erected thereon, amount to about 20,000 rr-That bdujes the many good Houses already erect-pd, others are intended to be built — That a House ythich npght have been let for /. 50 a Year, was, fin account of the -said Gate, retufed by the Person then in Treaty for it, and has since been offered to he jet for £.30, but -refuted; — and in the Whole, the Property abovanentioned has decreased in Value, by, hleans of the Turnpike, at lcafl £. 5,00c.

Your Committee then examined -Mr IV 1 Hi cm Winter, Clerk of the Parish of Saint G forge the Martyr; who said, That the Burial Ground belonging to the said Parish, and which is deemed to -be within the Prccinds tfereof, is situ^te 260 Yards beyond t|ie said Turnpike Gate in Grpy's Inn Lane, by which Means all Hearses and Coaches attending the re, -going to the said Burial Ground, are subjected to the Payment of Toll. — And he added, That the Parish of Saint Andre v, Ilolborn, being under similar Circum-.(lances, is subjected to the like Grievance; Which Evidence was confirmed by

Mr. Seager-, who added. That the Charity

School being situate 99 Yards beyond the said Toll date, all Persons- having Occasion to resort thereto in Carriages, are subjected to the Payment of the Toll; -which has been found prejudicial to the Charity.

Air. Thomas Rhodes being then examined, said, That he has known Gray's Inn Lane Fifty Years, and lives there now — That before the putting up of the above-ddcribed Turnpike Gate, the very short Piece of Turnpike Hoad between the , End of Gray s Inn Lane and the New-Road, was considered as a free Entrance -to the said New Road, in the same Manner as Tottenham Court Road, which -is alto a Part of the High-gate and Hampstead Road, and repaired by the fame

Trull, now is, and always has been.

Mr. Seegerbeing again examined, informed your

.-Committee, That the Oppvession on the Owners of Houses and Estates, and the Inhabitants in the Streets newly-erected, between Gray's Inn Lane and the New - Road, is vary great; the Toll on a Coach and Pair being Ten Pence on Sundays, and Four Pence on other Days, though the greatest Space of the Road used, does not exceed 700'Yards, and the new Buildings are within a Shilling Fare from Holborn — ‘That it is also a Hard-

drip on the Public, as all Persons going out of Town by Gray's-lrm Lane, either Eastward or Westward on

rhe New Road, pay- to the said -Tr-uft Sixpence Toll fora Pod Chaise and ‘Pair,- which is Treble the Toll paid by them who enter on the fai l New Road from Tottenham Court Road, and other Parts on the WA, and from -the City of London, and other

Places on the East. - -

Mr. Jofioua iiodgkinfoM being then examined, informed your Committee, That the Distances of the several Parts of Gray's Inn Lane, and other "Roads al- Voi. 37.

Iuded to fin the Tuition, are yts follQWeth;

From t lie.-S tones ;End. at Gray the newly-

ejected Turnpike, 19Q Yards; fi;om the 'Turnpike to the New Buildings, qpi Yardsand. from the New Buildings to the New Road> .-M Yards; the whole Difiance from the Nc.w R94d.ro the Stones End being 1 >035 Yards.

Says; That the Roads in and about IJIington, and Parts adjacent, mentioned in the Petition, which Persons going thither from the City of London by Way of the City Road, may travel without paying any Toll, are in Length Miles and 1,729 Yards, or thereabouts.

Peter Swihton, Esquire, being again examined, gave

it as his Opinion, That the Tolls which must be paid by all Persons going from Gray's Lane to IJIington and Marybone, exclusive of those now taken at the said newly-erected Gate, ,are fully adequate to the Wear they occasion to the said New Hoad, and ?be very small Part of the Old Road which is the Entrance thereto from, Gray's Inn Lnr\e; and he observed, that the Creditors of the Trull will not be injured by the Removal of the Gate, as it did not exist at thje Time they lent their Money, except in a few Ipfianpes, and those for filial Sums, advanced by himself and others for the Purpose of paying off other Creditors who were desirous of having their Money.

And he concluded with. saying. That before the Tolls were let on the Sums cohered at the

Gates on the 01<j and New Roads, constiruted but One Fund, a? do the Sums now paid by the Lpffee, out of which are defrayed all 'Expeaces of repairing the Old and New Roads indifcriininately.

Ordered, That t,ezve be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to continue and render more effectual several _A’fts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate

Gatehouse and ilampjiead, and for several other Purposes in the said First-rmenfioned Act contained, asgiyes Power to erect or Remove Turnpikes or Toll Gates, so far as relates to ereftif^ or continuing any Turppijce or Toll Gate in Gray's Inn Law, or.betwepn the said Lane and the New Road leading from jjlmgton to Padding-ten: And th*t Sir pier belt MacJworth, X\v: Lord North, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Sahsbtcry Rrereton, and Mr. Recorder of London, do prepare, and bring in, the fape*

Resolved, That this House wiJI, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday the Twenty-fourth Day of January ac^t.

A Petition p( Robert Shaftoe, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That at the last Election of a Mepiber to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Thomas Duncombe, Esquire, deceased (which came on the Seventeenth Day of this present Month of December) the Petitioner and the honourable Bfrthok-mew Bouverie were the only Candidates; and that Henry Dench, who acted as Deputy for Edward Poore, Esquire, the Returning Officier of the said Borough, behaved very partially -and unfairly in the Execution of his Office, in os much as, though he admitted on his Poll the Names; of those -who- voted for the Petitioner, yet, contrary to the‘Duty of his Office, he put Queries on the greatest Part of -the Votes he so received, and, at the End of the Poll, arbitrarily and illegally -rejected them; and notwithstanding the Petitioner’s great Majority of legal Votes, unjustly and unlawfully took upon himself to declare the said Bartholomew Bouverie duly elected, and has accordingly returned him to serve in Parliament for the said Bo-Fough, in Prejudice1 of the Petitioner, who, was duly

" ’ \-r* - 6H -tlefted.

Grayed

Lane

Turnpike;

Adjournment

Downton

Elc&iom

532

230 Decembris.

A.

1779.

elected, and ought to have been returned, and of the legal Electors of the said Borough, and in Open Defiance of the Law and Freedom of Election: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief therein, as dull, upon Examination, appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon luefday the 15th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

The following Notices and Orders were sent to Robert S/iaftoe, Esquire, and the honourable Bartholomew Bouverie, in pursuance of Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty’s Reigp, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Robert Shaftoe, Esquire, having this Day presented his Petition, complaining, that at the last Election of a Member to Terve in Parliament for the Borough of Dow, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Thomas Duncombe, Esquire,'deceal'ed (which came on the Seventeenth Day of this present Month of December) the Petitioner and the honourable Bartholomew Bouverie were the Only Candidates; and that . Henry Dench, who acted as Deputy for Edward Poore, Esquire, the Returning Officer of the said Borough, behaved very partially and unfairly in the Execution of his Office, in as much as, though he admitted on his Poll the Names Of those who voted for the Petitioner, yet, contrary to the Duty of his Office, he put Queries on the greatest Part of the Votes lie so received, and at the End of the Poll arbitrarily and illegally rejected them; and, notwithstanding the Petitioner's great Majority of legal Votes, unjustly and unlawfully took upon himself to declare the said Bartholomew ' ' Bouverie duly elected, and has accordingly

returned him to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been

' ‘ returned, and of the legal Electors of the said Borough, and in open Defiance of the

Law and Freedom ot Election; and the House having appointed Tu the Fifteenth Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, to take the said Petition into Consideration, you arc therefore to- take Notice that the House will, at that Time, take the same Petition into Consideration.

Given under my Hand the Twenty-third Day of December One thousand Seven hundred aq^ Seventy-nine.

Flr. Norton, Speaker.

To Robert Shaftqe, Esquire.

Jovis, 23* die Decembris 1779.

Ordered, That Robert Esquire, do by himself, his Counsel, or Agent, attend this House upon Tuesday the Fifteenth Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the After-teraoon,

J. Hat/ell,

Cl. Dm. Com.

The like Notice and Order to the honourable

Bartholomew Bouverie.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers and Records, *0

fond

be.

Rjadi.

as shall be thought necessary by the-several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Thlrty-first Chaw ton Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Chawton Pond, in the Parish of " Chawton, in the County of Southampton, through " Rumfdean Bottom, Westmeon, W Exton, /hop's IValt ham, and over Sherrill Heath, and through " Wickham and Fartham, to the Town of;

" and from Extonaforesaid,- through to the

East End of Sherrill Heath, in the said County and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Herbert Mackwor/h, Mr. Minchin, hcc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do make thcRfe- Armt port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Hill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed.

Mr. Secretary at War accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ullier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended Royal Mm His Majesty in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following;

An Act to repeal certain Acts made in Great Britain, which restrain the Trade and Commerce of Ireland i >.

with Foreign Parts:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act,

" made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the " clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles from " the British Colonies and Plantations in America, into " Great Britain

An Act to indemnify such Officers of the Militia as have not transmitted to the Clerk's of the Peace, Descriptions of their Qualifications, and Certificates of their having taken the Oaths as required, and for allowing further Time for the Delivery of Descriptions of Qualifications by such Officers of the Militia; and for obliging the Captain Lieutenant to deliver in a Description of his Qualification:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of Scarrington and AfiaElon, in the Count* ty of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

20 Geo. III. 230 Decembris — 24°

6,’

i;

h

523'

Stonesby, in would be very commodious to Travellers if Power was ‘ to be given in a new Act, for the repairing and widening a Road leading out of the Road from to

And then the House adjourned till Monday the SymontTs Hall near a Place called 24th Day of January next, Ten of the Clock, across Owlpen , to a Lane leading to

tures, and other Commonable Lands, in the County of Leicester.

in the Morning.

Lu/ies, 24® die Januarii;

Anno 20* Georgii III"' Regis, 1780.

Pa A VKRS.

of

Debtois.

A?

V

s

containing about Seven hundred Yards, and a Road leading from that Part of the said Road from Frocester Hill to the Monument upon near the Latter

Wood Turnpike, across Owlpen Down aforesaid, to

the Road on Symond s Hall Down 10IVotton-under-edge and Durfley, containing about One thousand Two hundred Yards: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, with respect to the First District of Road therein contained; and that in such Bill Power be given for repairing and widening the Roads leading acioft and near Owlpen Down, in Manner above-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Mr.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk of this House had received several Returns to the Order of the House of the 17th Day of December last, " That the Sheriffs of the several Counties of Great Britain, who have not already transmitted Re-

" turns of the Lists of the Names of all the Persons.

" who were confined for Debr, on the ift Day of Oc-: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn

tober last, in the several Prisons within the Kingdom ,nK» at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber;

- - - - and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-

cords.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty;

Copies of all Proposals that have been made to General Lord from the 26th of November

1778 to the 13th of December 1779, for the Purpose of raising New Levies for His Majesty’s Service; and Copies of the Answers returned to such Proposals; viz.

N° 1. 28th November 1778, Lieutenant Colonel

" of Great Britain (distinguishing whether such Persons " were so confined in Execution or upon Melhe Pro-' eels, and specilying the particular Sums for which " such Persons weAB charged respectively, and the '* Times when they w*re first committed) do forthwith " transmit such Returns to the Clerk of this House, " in order that the same may be by him laid before " this House And that the said Returns were now upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Returns be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to consider the several Returns which have been made to

the Order of the House, of the i#th Day of June, in Gunning — a Regiment in Ireland: And also,

the last Session of Parliament, " That there be prepared, in order to be laid before this House in the *4 next Session of Parliament, Lists of the Names of all a he Persons who shall be confined for Debt, on " the 1 ft Day of October next, in the several Prisons within the Kingdom of Great Britain, distinguishing - whether such Persons are lb confined in Execution or " upon Melhe Process, and specifying the particular " Sums for which such Persons are charged respectivelj?, " and the Times when they were first committed."

The laid Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Tetbury and OuJpen Down It oid.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads from Tetbury and

other Places, in the County of Gloucester, as relates to

the Road from Ttbury to the Gates at the Westerly Side of Symcnd's-Hall Down, leading to the Roads to giment: And also.

Wot ton undir-Edgemd Durfley,d.ndfxovntheVioofeaX the N° 15. The Answer thereto: And also.

Top of Frocester Hill, where a Turnpike Gate lately N° 16. 12th February 1779, Mr. Colin Campbell — % Hood, to the joining of the Turnpike Road from Ciren- Regiment: And also.

N° s. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 3. 30th November 1778, Mr. Alexander — 200 Light Dragoons: And also,

N° 4. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 5. aift December 1778, Mr. John a Corp*

of Foot: And also,

N° 6. ift January 1779, Colonel Stuart Douglas — a Battalion; And also,

N° 7. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 8. 4th January 1779, Major a Corps of

Light Infantry: And also,

N° 9. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 10. 3d February 1779, Mr. Wemyfs — a Battalion of Fencible Men: And also,

N° 11. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 12. 6th February 1779, Colonel a Re-

giment in Ireland: And also,

N° 13. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 14. 9th February 1779, Colonel Burgoyne — a Re-

tejterto the Monument upon Lansdown, near a Bam called Dunkirk Barn, and from a Field called Bowldown Sleight, to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horsley to Tetbury, near Tittup's Inn, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Roads by the said Act directed to be amended, are thereby divided into Two Districts, and the Roads above described are called The First District j and that several

N° 17. 16th February 1779,' Ditto — a Battalion: And also,

N° 18. »7 February 1779, Lord Bellamont — a Regiment in Ireland: And also,

N° 19. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 20. 6th March 1779, Major Kirwan — 300 Men:

And also,

N® 2i. 6th March 1779, Ditto — 1,000 Men: And also, .

N* 22. 17th April 1779, Mr. William Cumberland

Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the A within the said D ift rift, and applied in

amending the same; and that the said Act being near Campbell — a Corps of Smugglers: And also, expiring, the Money now due cannot be- repaid, nor N*. 23. Th,e Answer thereto: And also,

can the Roads be sufficiently amended and kept in Re- N* 24. 14th May 1779, Count

pair, without the Assistance of Parliament; and that jt Men in Ireland: And aJlo,

Vo*.. 37. N

4,000

25*

Proposals for ntw Levie 1

> .

PropofaH for new Levies.

524

N° 25. The Answer thereto: And also-,

N* 46. 18th May 1779, Lieutenant Colonel Mackenzie — 4 Companies: And also,

N® 27. 24th May 1779, Colonel Stuart a

Battalion: And also,

N* 28. 16 th June 1779, Lord — a Battalion: And also,'

N* 29. The Answer thereto: And also,

N* 30. 17th June 1779, Puke of Corps of Infantry: And also,

N® 31. The Answer thereto: And also, -.N® 32. 17th June x 779, Sir 3 Companies of Highlanders: A»d also,

N* 33. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 34. 17th June 1779, Mr. Thomas Dtmdas — a Corps of Huffais, And also,

N® 35. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 36. 18th June 1779, Lord — a Battalion:

And also,

N° 37. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 38. 18th June .1779, [Honourable Lockhart Gordon — a Number of Men: And also,

N° 39. 18th June 1779, Lord Harrington — a Battalion: Ansi also, to° 40. The Answer thereto: And also,

1^® 41. 20th June 1779, Lieutenant Colonel a Regiment: And also,

N® 42. 21 ft June 1779, Mr. James Dundas — a Battalion in North Britain: And also,

N® 43. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 44. 2 j ft June x 779, Colonel Dalrymple — Men in Germany: And also,

N* 45. 21st June 1779, Duke of and Cap-

tain St. Lrgcr — a Corps of Light Infantry: And also,

N* 46. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 47. 22d June 1779, Mp* Turner for Major — to raise Men: And also, 1

N° 48. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 49."22d June 1779, Sir Philip Jennings Gierke —

a Corps of Light Dragoons: And also,

N® 30. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 51. 22d June 1779, Lieutenant Colonel Campbell — 2,000 Highlanders: And also, ' -

N® 52". The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 53. 22d June , 1779, Mr: Whitworth — a Regiment of Light Dragoons.: And also,

N* 54'. "The Answer thereto: And also,

N* 55. 23d June 1779, Mr. Keating — goo Men: And also,

N® 56. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 57. 23d June .1779, Lord for Major

Montgomery — 300 Men: And also,

N° 38. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 39. 23d June 1779, Colonel Mawhood — a Battalion: And also,

'N® 60. The Answer thereto: And also,

N* 61. 23d June 1779, Lieutenant Colonel Whyte —

a Regiment: And also,

' N® 62. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 63. 23d June 1779, Mr. Aijlabie — a Number of Siiifs: — And also,:

N° C4. The Answer thereto: And.also,

N® 63. 24th June 1779, Mr.' Richard Stevens — a Battalion: And all'o, ':

N.® 66. 23th June 1779, Lieutenant Colonel Whyte — Men in Ireland: And also,- '

N® 67. .23th June 1779, Mr. Kelly — Men in Ireland-: And also, 1 ' ' . -

N°6S. 23th June 1779, Duke of — a Battalion: And alto,..... '; - *v.

I^&O.

N® 72, 23th June 1.779,. Lord a, Corps of

Light Dragoons:'And also,

N® 73. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 74. 25th June 1779, Colooel a Corps of

Light Cavalry: And also,

N* 75. 23th June 1779, Mr. Hay — a Corps of Cavalry: And also, '

to® 76. The Answer thereto: And also, *

N® 77. 23th June 1779, Honourable James Stuart — a Battalion: And also,

N® 78. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 79. Major N. MlLeod — 1,000 Men: And also,

N® 80. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 81. 23th June 1779, Mr. H. Baudin — a. Company: And also,

N° 82, The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 83. 25th June 1779, Lieutenant General for the Duke of Gordon — 1,000 Men': And also,

N® 84. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 85. 23th June 1779, Mr. Lifer — a Corps of Light Dragoons: And also,

N® 86. 26th June 1779, Sir J. Miller — a Corps of Light -Dragoons: And also,

N* 87. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 88. 27th June 1779, Duke of Gordon — a 2d Battalion: And also,

N® 89. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 90. 28th June 1779, Lord — a Regiment in Ireland: And also,

N® 91. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 92. 29th June 1779, Lieutenant Colonel Whyte — a Battalion: And also,

N® 93. The Answer thereto: And also, .

N® 94. 29th June 1779, ‘ Mr. a Company of- American Prisoners: And also, -

' N® 93.- The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 96. 29th June 1779, Lieutenant Colonel — a Battalion: And also, '

N® 97. 30th June 1779, Lieutenant 100

Men: And also,

N® 98. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 99. 30th June 1779, Mr. Richard Stevens — a Battalion: And also, '

N* 100. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 101. 30th June 1779, Honourable L. poo Men in Scotland: And also,

N® 1O2. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 103. 30th June 1779, Bishop of a Re-

giment r And also,

N® 104. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 105. lft July 1779, Lieutenant Colonel 1,000 Highlanders: Andalfo, v

N* 106. The Answer thereto: Andalfo,

N® 107. ift July 1779, Lord a Legion

in Ireland:And also,

N® 108. 2d July 1779, Lord Winchelsea — z Battalion: And also, '*

N® 109. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® no. 2d July 1779, Mr. — 5 Companies in Ireland: And also, 1

N® hi. 2d July 1779, Stt J. a Corps of

Light Dragoons: And also,': '

N* 112i 2d July 2779, Colonel S. a Regiment: And also, . t

N® ll£. The Answer thereto: And also

N* 114. 2d July 1779, Captain a Company

of Chafleursi Andalfo, ' ’ '

N® 115. The Answer thereto: And also, 1:

N® i t6. 4th' Jiily 1779, Lord — a Regiment

In Ireland: 'And also, ' ' '

to® 117. 4th July 1779, Mr. Buller — a Body of Tinners: And also, 1 - 1

® ir8. The Answer thereto: And also,

119. gth July 1779, Lord for Lieutenant

Colonel De Burgh — a Regiment :n Ireland: And also,

N* 120.

N* 69. The Answer thereto: And also, ’

N® 70. Honourable James Stuart — 1,000 Men: And also,' J - -

N* 7*. The At fw:r thereto: And also,

.24°

20 Geo. III. 24* Januarii. 525

N® 120. 6 th July 1779, Mr. O'Connell — Men in Ireland: And also,

N° lai. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 122. 6th July 1779, Captain Mc Carmick — Men in Cornwall: And also,

N' 123. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 124. 6th July 1779, Lord — a Battalion

of Fencible Men: And also,

N® 125. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 126. 7th July 1779, Mr. David Scott — 3 Corn* panies: And also,

N® 127. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 128. 8th July 1779, Lord Fauconberg — a Regiment: And also,

N® 129. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 130. 8th July 1779, Mr. Keating — a Regiment: And also,

N® 131. The Answer thereto: And also,

N* 132. 8th July 1779, Sir $ Companies: And also,

N® 133. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 134. 9th July 1779, Mr. — a Corps of

Cavalry: And also,

N® 135. The Answer thereto: And also,

N* 136. 9th July 1779, Colonel Burgoyne — a Regiment of Light Cavalry in Ireland: And also,

N® 137. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 138. 9th July 1779, Sir John Miller — 2 Squadrons of Light Dragoons: And also,

N® 139, The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 140. 9th July 1779* Lord C. Compa-

nies: And also,

N* 141. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 142. 10th July 1779, Lord John Murray — ad Battalion to the 4ad Regiment: And also,

N® 143. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 144. 10th July 1779, Lieutenant Colonel a Battalion: And also,

N* 145. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 146. nth July 1779, Lieutenant Colonel Cary — a Regiment: And also,

N° 147. 12th July 1779, Mr. Kelly — Men And also,

N® 148. iath July 1779, Lord a Batta-

lion in Scotland: And also,

N® 149. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 150. 13th July 1779, Captain Stevens — a Regiment: And also,

N® 151. 14th July 1779, Lieutenant ColonelM‘Dotted — 2d Battalion to the 76th Regiment: And also,

N° 132. 14th July 1779, Lord Nugent — Companies: And also,

N" 153. The Answer thereto: And also,

N* 154. 14th July 1779. Captain McCarmick — & Regiment: And also,

N* 155. The Answer thereto: And also,

N* 156. 14th July 1779, Lord Charles Montagu — Companies: And also,

N® 157. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 158. 14th July 1779, Honourable James Stuart —

6 Companies: And also,

N* 159. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 160. 14th July 1779, Sir John Miller — to raise Men: And also,

N® 161. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 162. 14th July 1779, Lieutenant Colonel Cary — a Regiment: And also,

N" 163. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 164. 15th July 1779, Lord F. Campbell for Major Montgomery — 500 Men: And also,

N® 165. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 166. 15th July 1779, Lieutenant Colonel Cary — a Regiment: And also,

N® 167. 16th July 1779, Esquire —

a Regiment: And also,

Vol. 37.

N® 168. 16th July 1779, Lieutenant Colonel Cary — a Regiment: Anti also,

N® 169. 16th July 1779. Mr. Frederick — Men in Germany: And also, -

N® 170. The Answer thereto: And also,

N" 171. 16th July 1779, Mr. D. AcklanA — a Regiment: And also,

N® 17 a. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 173. 18th July 1779, Mr. — to raise

Men: And also,

N® 174. iSth July 1779, Lieutenant Colonel Cary — -a Regiment: And also,

N® 175. Tire Answer thereto: And also,

N* 176. 19th July 1779, Lieutenant General Men in Scotland: And also,

N° 177. The Answer thereto: And also,

N* 178. 19th July 1779, Lord a Battalion*in Ireland: And also,

N® 179. Major Montgomery — $00Men: And also,

N* 180. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 181. 19th July 1779, Sir A. Maclean — a Regiment of Highlanders: And also,

N® 182. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 183. 20th July 1779, Mr. — a Batta-

lion: And also,

N® 184. 20th July 1779, Captain Money — a Corps of Light Cavalry: And also,

N® 185. The Answer thereto: And also,

N* 186. 20th July 1779, Lord Aldborough — a Corps in Ireland: And also,

N® 187. The Answer thereto: And also,

N°i88. 21 ft July 1779, Lieutenant Colonel — a Regiment: And also,

N" 189. 22d July 1779, Colonel Stuart a

Battalion: And also,

N® 190. Henry Couratt, Esquire — to raise Men: And also,

N® 191. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 192. 22d July 1779, Colonel Stuart Douglas — a. Battalion: And also,

N® 193. 22d July 1779, Mr. Henry Dundas for Sir James Grant — a Regiment: And also,

N* 194. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 195. 23d July 1779, Lord — a Company: And also,

N® 196. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 197. 24th July 1779, Mr. Brummell for Lieutenant Colonel Mc DoneU — zdBattalion to the 76th Re-

giment: And also,

N® 198. 24th July 1779, Lieutenant General Mackey — a Regiment of Fencibles in Scotland: And also,

N® 199. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® zoo.24th July 1779, Lord Desart — a. Regiment %

in Ireland: And also,

N° 201. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 202. 24th July 1779, Mr. James Dundas — a Battalion: And also,

N® 203. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 204. 26th July 1779. Lieutenant Colonel bell — 1000 Highlanders: And also,

N® 205. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 206. 26th July 1779, Lord J. Murray — cd Battalion to the 42d Regiment: And also,

N’ 207. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 208. Lieutenant Colonel 2d Battalion

to the 76th Regiment: And also,

N® 209. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° *10. 27th July 1779, Mr. John Gowan — a Company of Miners: And also,

N® 21 x. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 212. 28th July 1779, Lieutenant Colonel Reid — a Regiment: And also,

N* 213. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 214. 29th July 1779, Lord a Regiment: And also,

6 S N*2i£-

PmpofaJj

for

few Lcvier.

Proposali

for

New Levies.

52 6 24* Januaru. A. 17S0.

N° 215. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 216. 29th July 1779, Major d. Campbell — a Battalion: And also,

N° 217. The Answer theret#: And also,

N°2i8. 30th July 1779, Lieutenant Colonel Archi-ba'd Campbell — a Regiment: And also,

N* 219. 30th July 1779, Major Corps of

Hussars: And also,

N® 220. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 221. Lord Dalrymple — a Regiment: And also,

N* 222. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 223. Mr. Samuel Stanton — a. Regiment: And also,

N® 224. The Answers thereto: And also,

N° 225. 30th July 1779, Mr. for Lord

Seaforth 2d Battalion to the 78th Regiment: And

also,

N® 226. The Answer thereto: And also,

N* 227. \i\. August 1779, Major General Calcraft — 2d Battalion to the 65th Regiment: And also,

N® 228. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 229. ift August 1779, Sir Richard Perrott — 5 Companies: And also,

N* 230. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 231. lit August 1779, Major Holroyd — a Corps of Light Dragoons: And also,

N® 232. The Answer thereto: And also,

N* 233. ift August 1779, Lieutenant Colonel G. Morgan — a Regiment: And aho,

N® 234. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 235. 3d August 1779, Lieutenant T. M. Riddell — 6 Companies: And also,

N° 236. 3d August 1779, Lord Milford — a Corps of Light Dragoons: And also,

N® 237. The Answer thereto: And also,

N* 238. 3d August 1779, Lord — a Regiment: And also,

N" ,239. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 240. 3d August 1779, Lieutenant Colonel a Regiment: And also,

N® 241. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 242. 3d August 1779, Mr. Bain — 4 Companies: And also,

N® 343. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 244. 3d August 1779, Colonel — a

Regiment: And also,

N® 245. 3d August 1779, Mr. Henry Conran — a Battalion: And also,

N® 246. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 247. 3d August 1779, Sir Miller — a. Corps of Light Dragoons: And also,

N® 248. 3d August 1779, Captain M* — 5

Companies: And also,

N* 249. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 250. 3d August 1779, Mr. — 3 Companies:

And also,

N® 251. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 252. 4th August 1779, Duke o{DorJ'et for Captain Bernard — a Regiment of Light Dragoons: And also,

N® 253. The Answer theieto: And also,

N® 254. 4th August 1779, Mr. Alexander Hay — a Regiment: And also,

N® 255. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 256. 4th August 1779, Mr. Michael — a Bat-

talion: And also,

N° 257. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 258. 5th August 1779, the Attorney General — a Regiment of Light Dragoons: And also,

N® 259. The Antwer thereto: And also,

N® 260..Major Alexander — a Battalion: And also,

N® 261. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 262. 5th August 1779, Colonel Stuart Douglas — a Regiment: And also,

N® 263. The Answer thereto: And also,

17

N* 264. 6th August 1779, Lord F. Campbell — 50O Men: And also,

N® 265. Lieutenant Colonel De 100O Men

in Ireland: And also,

N® 266. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 267. 6th August 1779, Lieutenant General Cun-inghame — a Regiment in Ireland: And also,

N® 268. The Answer thereto: And also,

N* 269. 6th August 1779, Major A. Campbell — a Regiment: And also,

N® 270. The Answer thereto: And also,

N* 271. Captain Money — a Regiment of Light Dragoons: And also,

INI® 272. The Answer thereto: And also, -

N® 273. 7th August 1779, Sir John Miller — a Corps of Light Dragoons: And also, .

N® 274. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 275. 7 th August 1779, Sir Richard Perrott — a Battalion: And also,

N® 276. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 277. 7th August 1779, Lieutenant Colonef Morgan — a Regiment: And also, *

N* 278. 7th August 1779, Colonel Stuart Regiment: And also,

N® 279. 11th August 1779, Meffis. Ross and Grey for Major Ross — a Regiment in Ireland And also,

N® 280. The Answer thereto: And also,

N*28i. nth August 1779* Lieutenant Colonel Bruce - — 1000 Men: And also,

N® 282. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 283. 12th August 1779, Colonel Stuart Douglas — a Regiment: And also,

N° 284. 12th August T779, Captain Arabia — a Corps in Ireland: And also,

N® 285. 12th August 1779, Sir John Miller — a Corps

of Light Dragoons: And also,

N® 286. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 287. 13th August 1779, Colonel Stuart Douglas — a Regiment: And also,

N* 288. 13th August 1779, Crtptaio Arthur Blake — 4 Troops of Light Cavalry: And also,

N° 289. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 290. Major Holroyd — a Regiment of Light Dragoons: And also,

N° 291. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 292. 13th August 1779, Sir James Riddall — 3 Companies of Highlanders: And also,

N® 293. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 294. 14th August 1779, Mr. Buller — a Body of Tinners: And also,

N® 295. 14th August 1779, Mr. — a Regiment: And also,

N® 296. Vbe Answer thereto: And also,

N°‘297.' 15th August 1779, Lord Cork — 6 Troops of Light Cavalry: And also,

jNi® 298. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 299. 15th August 1779, Mr. James a Troop of Light Cavalry: And also,

N® 300. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 301. 15th August 1779, Lieutenant Colonel De Burgh — a Regiment in Ireland: And also,

N° 302. 13th August 1779, Captain 606 Men:

And also,

N° 303. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 304. 15th August 1779, Mr. C. L. Mordaunt — Corps of Light Dragoons: And also,

N® 305. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 306. 15th August 1779, Colonel 2d Bat-

talion to the 77th Regiment: And also,

N° 307. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 308. 16th August 1779, Captain Marsh — 3 Companies: And also,

N° 309. The Answer thereto: Arid also,

N° 310. 16th August 1779, Mr. A. Robinson — a Regiment: And also,

N’311.

20 Geo. III. 240 Jawarii.

527

N* 311. The An fiver thereto: And all'o,

N" 312. 16th August 1779, Colonel — a Re-

giment in Ireland: And also,

N® 313. 17th August 1779, Mr. Colin Campbell — a Regiment in Ireland: And also,

N° 314. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 315. 17th August 1779, Captain Arabia — a Corps in Ireland: And also,

N° 316. Mr. William Butler — a Regiment: And also,

N° 317. The Answer thereto: And also,

TV 318. 18th August 1779, Captain Greeme — a Regiment; And alto,

N" 3 19. 18th August 1779, Lieutenant General foil for Lord Cork — Corps of Light Dragoons: And also,

The Answer thereto: And also,

19th August 1779, Mr. Ryves — 200 Men:

N° 320 N® 321, And also, N° 322, N° 323

And a!so,

Captain tlrq — 8

Tire Answer thereto:

19th August 1779,

Companies: And also,

N° 324. T he Answer thereto: And also, -N® 325. 20th August 1779, M. Le Baron de Harold — a Regiment in Ireland:And also,

N® 326. 20th August 1779, Mr. Thomas Osborne — to raile Men: And also,

N° 327. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 328. 20th August 1779, Major 8

Companies: And also,

N° 329. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 330. 20th August 1779, Lord Cork — a Corps of Light Dragoons: And also,

N* 331. 21st August 1779, Colonel Stuart a Regiment: And also,

N® 332. The Answer thereto: And also,

TV333. 21st August 1779, Colonel Stuart Douglas — a Regiment: And also,

N® 334. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 335. Air. Hugh Moore — a Regiment: And

also.

TV 336. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 337. 2lit August 1779, Mr. Thomas -a

Corps: And also,

TV 338. The Anf.vcr thereto: And alf 1,

N° 330. 23d August 1779, Captain Urqiihart — a Regiment: And also,

IV 340. 24th A ng-Jl 1779, Sir Thomas Egerton — an additional Company to his Corps: And also,

N® 341. 27th August 1779, Mr. , for Lieu-

tenant Colonel Macdcnell — additional Companies to the 76th Regiment: And also,

N° 342- T lie Answer thereto: And also,

N® 343. 27th 'August 1779, Mr. James Gardiner —

Jjoo Men: And also,

N° 344. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 345. 29th August 1779, Major General for Lord Cozvyer — a Regiment: And also,

N° 346. The'Answer thereto: And also,

N" 347. 29th Aimujl 1779, Captain Rutherford — a Re gunent: And also,

N° 348. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 349. 30th Auivft 1779, Mr. Thomas Osborne — a Regiment: And also,

N° 9^0. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 351: 31st August 1779, Captain Rutherford — a Regiment: And also,

N® 352. 2d September 1779, Colonel Shirley — a Regiment: And also,

N® 353. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 354- 3^ September 1779, Mr. for Lord

Seaforth — 2d Battalion to the 78th Regiment: And also, N° 355- Th e Answer thereto: And also,

N® 356. 4th September 1779, Lieutenant General Cuminghame — a Regiment in And also,

VOL. 37.

N® 357. 6th September 1779, Lieutenant Colonel De pro Burgh — a Regiment in Ireland:And also, for34

N° 358. The Answer thereto: And also, hev;et

N® 359. 7th September 1779, Lord Cork — a Corps of Cavalry; Arid also,

N® 360. 9th September 1779, Mr. Thomas Osborne — to raise Men: And also,

M® 361. The Answers thereto: And also,

N® 362. 9th September 1779, Mr. a Corps

of Smugglers: And also,

N* 363. The Answer thereto t And also,

N® 364. 9th September 1779, Colonel Stuart Douglas — i Regiment: And also,

N® 365. 10th September 1779, Mr. Ob ins — a Company: And also, -

N® 366. 12th September 1779, Mr. C, Lewis Mordaunt — a Corps of Dragoons; And also,

N® 367. 15th September 1779, Captain — a Regiment of Light Dragoons: And also,

N® 368. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 369. 19th September 1779, Captain a Company: And also,

N* 370. The Answer thereto: And also,

N®37i. 20th September 1779, Colonel Burgoyn+ — x Regiment: And also,

N° 372. The Answer thereto: And also,

N* 373. 24th September 1779, Lord BeUamont — a Regiment in Ireland: And also,

N® 3 74. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 375. 29th September 1779, Mr. James Gifford —

500 Men: And also,

N° 376. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 377. 30th September 1779, Major Companies to his Battalion: And also,

N® 378. 30th September 1779, Lieutenant Archibald Maclean — 100 Men: And also,

N® 379. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 380. 1 ft October 1779, Lord — a Regiment: And also,

N° 381. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 382. ift October 1779, Mr. - Stevens — a

Regiment: And also,

N® 383. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 384. 13th October 1779, Colonel — 2d

battalion to his Regiment: And also,

N® 385. The Answer thereto: And also,

N* 386. 15th October 1779, MaJ a Regiment: And also,

IV 387. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 388. 15th October 1779, Captain Grame — a Regiment: And also,

N® 3S9. The Answer thereto: And also,

TV 390. 2Cth October 1779, Mr. Obins — a Regiment: And also,

N® 391. The Answer thereto: And also,

TV 392. 21st October 1779, Mr. Hay — a

Regiment: And also,

N* 3q'5. The Answer thereto: And also,

N*i394- 26th October 1779, Captain Le Hunt — 300 Men: And also,

N° 395. The Answer thereto:. And also,

N° 396. 28th October 1779,* Captain 300

Men: And also,

N® 397. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 398. 29th October 1779, Colonel Keating — ad ’Battalion to his Regiment: And also,:

N° 399. 29 th October 1779, Captain Nay ter — a. Troop

of Light Dragoons: And also,

N® 400. The Answer thereto: And also,

N" 401. 30th October 1779; Captain Smith — a Corps of Foreigners: And also,

TV 402. 2d November 1779, Lieutenant Golonel Ogle — 8co Smugglers: And also,

N® 403. The Answer thereto: And also.

„ N® 404.

5^8

24° Janu

A. 1780.

Propofah jvj® 404. fid November 1779, Lieutenant Colonel „ T . Bifshopp — toooo Smugglers: And also, y«w Lcviei. Answer thereto: And also,

Na 406. 2d November 1779, Lord Mi/ford — z Corps: And also,

N* 407, Colonel Stuart Douglas — a Regiment: And also,

N® 408. The Answer thereto: And also,

N° 409. 6th November 1779, Major H. Montgomery — a Corps: And also,

N® 410. The Answer thereto: And also,

N*4U. 12th November 1779, Lieutenant Governor Irving — a Regiment: And also,

N* 412. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 4^. 12th November 1779, Major Holroyd — to augment his Corps: And also,

Tv* 414. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 415. 13th November 1779, M. C. V. Najpiu Deitz — 1000 Men: And also, <

N® 416. The Answer thereto: And also,

N* 417. 20th November 1779, Ueutenant H. Birth — a Body of Men: And also,

N® 418. The Answer thereto: And also,

N* 419- 2 2d November 1779, Colonel Piftott — 2d Battalion to the 12th Regiment: And also,

N’ 420. 24th November 1779, Major Holroyd — a Troop to hb Corps: And also,

N® 421. The Answer thereto; And also,

N® 422. 30th November 1779, Major Brown — a Battalion: And also,

N° 423. 30th November 1779, Colonel Stuart Douglas — a Regiment in Ireland: And also,

N® 424. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 425. 7th December 1779, Captain Wade — a Regiment: And also,

N* 426. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 427. 9th December 1779, Colonel 'Tottenham — zd Battalion to the 90th Regiment: And also,

N® 428. The Answer thereto: And also,

N® 429. 10th December 1779, Major Wrede — Troops in Germany: And also,

N# 430. The Answer thereto: And also,

N*43i, 11 th December 1779, Major Breton — a Battalion: And also,

A Lift of the new Levies which have been returned complete and inspe<sted, with the Dates of the Returns, and of the several Days of Inspetftion: And also,

Copies of Letters and Proposals sent to the Secretary at War relative to the raising of New . Levies, and of his Answers thereto, from 16th November 1778 to 13th December 1779* as also of the Letters of Service issued by the Secretary at War, in consequence of any fuel) Propofols having been accepted by His Majesty; together with an Account of the Days on which any of the New Levies were first returned complete, and of the Dates of the Returns of the General or Field Officers who inspeded or first reviewed them;

N* t. Lieutenant Colonel Gunning to the Secretary at War, 16th January 1779, inclosing,

N° 2. Proposal for raising a Battalion of 1000 Men: And also,

N° 3. Mr. Page to the Secretary at War, 1 ft February 1779: And also,

N° 4. The Secretary at War to Mr. Page, 6th February 1779: And also,

N° 5. Plan from the Borough of Tiverton raise Ten Companies, transmitted by Lord Harrowby, Sir J. Duntze, and Mr, Wilmot, to the Secretary at War: And also,

N° 6. The Secretary at War to Lord , Sir

J. Duntze, and J. Wilmot, Esquire, 17 th March 1779:

And also,

N° 7. Memorial of Count offering to raise

toooo Irish Catholics: And also.

N° 8. Count O'Rourke to the Secretary at War, 15th ( May 1779: inclosing',

N° 9. Copy of a Letter of the same Date, from Count O'Romke to Ixrrd: And also,

N° 10. The Secretary at War to Count O'Rourke, 2ift May 1779: And also,

N® n. Mr. Kelly to the Secretary at War, 2 2d June 1779: And also,

N® ia. The Secretary' at War to E. Esquire,

23d June 1779: And also,

N° 13. Extract of a Letter from Major General Majfey to the Secretary at War, 9th July 1779: And also,

N° 14. Extract of a Letter from the Secretary at War to Major General Majfew 22 July 1779: And also,

N° 15. Lieutenant Winter to the Secretary at War, 13th July 1779: And also,

N® id. The Secretary at War to Lieutenant William Winter, 19th July 1779: And also,

N° 17. Mr. Ryves's Proposal to raise 200 Men, a

dressed to Lord Barrington, 13th August 1779: And also,

N® r8. The Deputy Secretary at War to Mr. Ryves, 18th August 1779: And also,

N° 19. Lord Amherst to the Secretary at War, concerning Mr. Wemyjs's Propofol, 5th February 1779:

inclosing,

N® eo. Copy of a Letter of the 4th of February 1779, from Lord Amherst to Mr. Wemyjs: And also,

N* 21. Lord Amherst to the Secretary at War, 28 th June <779; inclosing,

N®‘ 22, 23, and 24. Proposed Establishment of the Duke of Rutland's, Duke of Ancaster's, and Earl of Harrington's Regiments of Infantry: And also,

N* 25. Lord Amherst to the Secretary at War, icth July 1779; inclosing,

N® 26. Sir Thomas Egerton's Proposal;

N® 27. Establishment of Sir s Corps

of Infantry': And also,

N® 28. Lord Amherst to the Secretary at War, icth July 1779; inclosing,

N® 29. Air. Lifter's Propofol,

N® 30. Establishment of Mr. Lifter's Corps of Light Dragoons: And also,

N® 31. Lord Amherst to the Secretary at War, concerning Lord Winchelsea's and Lieutenant Colonel Whyte's Regiments of Infantry, 10th July 1779: And also,

N® 32. Lord Amher/l to the Secretary' at War, 16th 1779; inclosing,

N° 33. Mr. Stuart's Proposal,

N* 34. Establishment of the Honourable Mr. Stuart's Corps of Infantry: And also,

N* 35. lord Amherst to the Secretary at War, concerning the Regiments of Infantry to be raised by Mr. Keating, Captain McCarmick, Mr. Ackland, and Lieutenant Colonel Cary, and a Corps of Infantry by Lord North, 23d July 1779; inclosing,

N® 36. Lord North's Proposal,

N® 37. Establishment of a Corps of Infantry to be raised in the Cinque Ports by Lord North: And also,

N® 38. Lord Amherst to the Secretary at War, concerning Mr. Buller and Mr. Dmdas's Regiments of Infantry, 29th July 1779: And also,

N® 39. Lord Amherst to the Secretary at War, concerning a 2d Battalion for the 42d Regiment, 30th July 1779; inclosing,

N® 40. Establishment of the 2d Battalion of the 42d Regiment: And also,

N® 41. Lord Amherst to the Secretary at War, concerning Lieutenant Colonel Reid's and Mr. Stanton's Regiments, 3d August 1779: And also,

N® 42.

ao Geo. III. 24* Janu 529

N® 42. l/ird Amherst to the Secretary at War, concerning Major Campbell'% Regiment 01 Infantry, 4th

August 1779: And also,

N° 43. Lord Amhtrft to the Secretary at War, 6th August 1779; inclosing,

N° 44. Lord Fauconberg's Proposal to raise a Re-

giment of Infantry: And also,

N® 45. Lord Amherst to the Secretary at War, concerning Major Ho/royd'sCorps of Light Dragoons, 6th August 1779; inclosing,

N° 46. Copy of a Letter of the same Date from Lord Amherst to Major Holroyd: And also,

N° 47. Lord Amherst to the Secretary at War, acquainting him that Mr. Fuller and Major Campbell decline railing the Regiments they had undertaken, 13th August, 1779: And also,

N®' 48 and 49. Lord Amherst to the Secretary at War, concerning the additional Companies to Lord Mc s

Regiment, 18th and 21st August 1779: And also,

N° 50. Lord Amherst to the Secretary at War, concerning an Augmentation to Sir Thomas Corps,

nth September, 1779: And also,

N® 51. Lord Amherst to the Secretary at War, concerning an Augmentation to Major Corps, 14th

October, 1779: And also,

N° 52. Copy of the Letter of Service to William We-myjs, Esquire, 8th February 1779: And also,

N° 53. Copy of the Letter of Service to Anthony St. Leger, Esquire, 29th June 1779: And also,

N° 54. Copy of the Letter of Service to Anthony Loftus "Tottenham, Esquire, 29th 1779: And also,

N* 55. Copy of the Letter of Service to the Earl of Harrington, 29th June 1779: And also,

N® 56. Copy of the Letter of Service to Sir Thomas Egerton, Baronet, 10th July 1779: And also,

N® 57. Copy of the Letter of Service to Thomas Lijler, Esquire, 10th July 1779: And alto,

N® 58. Copy of the Letter of Service to Lord Viscount Chewton, 10th July, 1779: And also,

N* 59. Copy of the Letter of Service to Richard Whyte , Esquire, 10th July 1779: And also,

N® 60. Copy of the Letter of Service to the honourable James Stuart, Esquire, 19th July 1779: And also,

N® 61. Copy of the Letter of Service to George gujlus North, Esquire, 23d July 1779: And also,

N* 62. Copy of the Letter of Service to Lucius Ferdinand Cary, Esquire, 23d July 1779: And also,

N* 63. Copy of the Letters of Service to Thomas Keating, Esquire, William Mc Esquire, and

Dudley Ackland, Esquire, 23d July 1779; James Dundas, Esquire, 29th July 1779; Samuel Stanton, Esquire, and John Reid, Esquire, 4th August 1779: And also,

N® 64. Copy of the Letter of Service to Lord John Murray, 30th July x 7 79: And also,

N® 65. Copy of the Letter of Service to Earl Fauconberg, 6th August 1779: And also,

N° 66. Copy of the Letter of Service to J. Baker Holroyd, Esquire, 18th August, 1779: And also, N® 67. Copy of the Letter of Service to Lord M Leod, for the additional Companies to the 73d Regiment, 18th August 1779: And also,

N® 68. Copy of the Letter of Service to Sir Thomas Egerton, for an Augmentation to his Corps, 13th September 1779: And also,

N® 69. Copy of the Letter of Service to Major Stuart, for an Augmentation to his Corps, 19th October 1779: And also,

N® 70. Days on which any of the New Levies were returned compleat, together with the Dates of the Returns of the General or Field Officers who inspected or first reviewed them, between the 26th Day of November 1778, and the 13th December 1779.

Together with Schedules of the said Papers.

And the said Schedules were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Vol. 37.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sc (lion.

A Petition of John Batten, William John

Woodlands, and William How, was presented to the House, and read , Setting forth, That the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Thomas Duncombe, Esquire, deceased, came on the Seventeenth Day of December last, when Robert Shajto, Esquire, and the honourable Bartholomew were

the only Candidates; and that the Petitioners are Freeholders of ancient Burgages in the said Borough, and are in Right thereof entitled to vote in the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that there was a great Majority of legal Votes in Favour of the said Robert Shajto, who was therefore duly elected, and ought as such to have been returned; but that Henry Dench, who a died as Deputy to Edward Poore, Esquire, the Returning Officer of the said Borough, behaved unfairly and partially in the Execution of his Office; and though he admitted on his Poll the Names of those who voted for the said Robe)t Shajto, yet, contrary to the Duty of his Office, he put Queries on the greatell Part of the Votes he so received, and, notwithstanding such Majority in Favour of the said Robert Shajto, thought proper, at the Clole of the Poll, to declare the said Bartholomew Bouverie duly defied, and has accordingly returned him to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice as well of the Petitioners as of the said Robert And there-

fore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Reliei as shall upon Examination appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 15 th Day of February nexr, at the same Time that the Petition of Robert Shajto, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were lent to the Parties -, accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Wariants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of Lhe Matter of the said Petition.

1

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the dealing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Di drift of Burghs of North Berwick, Haddingtoun, Jedburgh, Dunbar, and Lauder, in the room of the honourable John Maitland, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warunt to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eiefting of a Burgess to ferec in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir Richard Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Comptroller of His Majesty’s Household.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make odt a new Writ for the eiefting of a Burgess -to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable Stanley, deceased.

6T Corn-

Downtoft

Election,

North

Berwick,

&c.

Writ.

Newport

Writ.

Southampton

Writ,

530

24* Janu

A, 1780.'

Volunteer

Allocations.

Privilege. Complaint being made to the House, That the Duke of Bolton, a Peer of Parliament, had written a Letter with his own Hand, respecting the late Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Southampton, previous to the said Election, thereby concerning himself in the said Election, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, and in Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter of the Cud Complaint; and to report the lame, with their

- Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do report the Matter of the said Complaint, at the same Time that they report the Matter of the several Complaints respecting certain Letters signed by the Duke of Chandos, relating to the said Election, and referred to the said Committee.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House,

withdrawn.

Barham The Lord Hinchingbrook presented to the House, ac-Inclosure. cording to Order, a Bill for inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Parish and Liberties of Barham, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time-

Papers Mr. Chamier presented to the House, pursuant to respecting their Address to His Majesty,

Copies of Papers containing Applications which have been made to His Majesty’s Principal Secretary of State for the Southern Department, for Arms, Accoutrements, or Amunition, together with Copies of the Answers made to the said Applications;

N° 1. Petition of the Trustees of the Harbour df Whitehaven. Received 19th 2778, from Sir

James Lowther: And also,

N* z. Copy of a. Letter from Lord Weymouth to Sir James Lowther, Baronet, dated St. James's, nth September 1778: And also,

N° 3. Extradt of a Letter from the Duke of Richmond to the Lord Viscount Weymouth, dated Lewes, 31st July 1779: And also,

N° 4. Extract of Resolutions of the Grand Jury, fjdc. of the County of SuDuke of Richmond's, 31st July 1779: And also,

N° 5. Extract of a Letter from the Lord Viscount Weymouth to the Duke of Richmond, dated St. James's, 6th August 1779: And also, .

N° 6. A Plan for the Voluntary arming Men for the Defence of Cornwall — In Lord s, ill August

1779: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Lord Viscount Weymouth to Lord Edgcumbe, dated St. James's 7 th August 1779: And also,

N° 8. Ext raft of a Letter from Lord Amherst to Lord Viscount Weymouth, dated Whitehall, 6th August 1779^ And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from Lord Viscount Weymouth to Lord Edgcumbe, dated St. James's, 21st Au-gujf iJ79’ cinduKo,

N° 10. Copy of Resolutions at an adjourned Meeting held at the Castle of Exeter, 20th Augtijl 1779 — In Earl Poulett's, 21st August 1779: And also,

N* n. Copy of a Letter front the Mayor of

mouth, &c. to Lord Edgcumbe, 23d August 1779-In Lord Edgcumbe's, 24th August 1779: And also, v N° 12. Propofols for railing Two Independent Companies at Falmouth, 23d August 1779 — In- Lord Edg-tumbe's, 24th August 1779: (And also,

- N° 13. Copy Letter from Lord Viscount Weymouth to Lord Edgcumbe, dated- St. James's, 23d

gujl 1779: And also,

. 17 -

-N° 14. 'Extract of Letter from Lord Viscount Weymouth to Earl Foulest, dated St. James's, 27th August 1779: And also,

N° 15. Copy of a Letter from Lord Viscount Weymouth to Lord Edgcumbe, dated St. , 28th Au-

gujl 1779: And also,

N° 16. Copy of a Letter from Loid Amherst to Lord Viscount Weymouth, dated Whitehall, 27th August 1779: And also,

N° 17. Extract of a Plan of a Subscription for raisipg . Twenty-four Companies in the County of — In

Duke of Richmond's, 29th August 1779: And'also,

N° 18. Copy of a Letrcr from John Rogers, Esquire, to Lord Edgcumbe, dated , ill September, 1779 — In Lord Edgcumbe's, 3d September 779: And all'o,

N° 19. Resolutions entered into by the Inhabitants of Helston for the Defence of that Town and its Neighbourhood — In Lord Edgcumbe's, 3d September 1779: And also,

N° 20. Copy of a Letter from James Babbidge, Esquire, to Lord Edgcumbe, dated Pettryn, 9th September 1779 — In Lord Edgcumbe's, 13th September 1779: And also,

N® 21. Copy of Resolutions entered into by the Inhabitants of the Borough of in Cornwall, af-

fmbled at The Guildhall of the said Borough, 26th August 1779 — In Lord Edgcumbe's, of 13th September 1779: And also,

N® 22. Resolutions of a public Meeting of the Gentlemen of Cornwall, held at Bodmin, the 13th September 1779 — In Lord Edgcumbe's, 14th September 1779: And also,

N® 23. Copy of a Letter from the Town Clerk of Marazion to the Right honourable Lord Edgcumbe, dated Marazion, Guildhall, 10th September 17 79 — In

Lord Edgcumbe's, of 17th September 1779: And also,

N® 24. Copy of a Letter from Lord Weymouth to the Duke of Richmond, dated St. James's, toth September 1779: And also,

N® 25. The humble Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town of Liverpool, dated 13th September 1779 — In the Mayor of Liverpool's Letter, 13th September 1779: And also,

N® 26.. Extract of a Letter from Lord Viscount Wty mouth to the Mayor of Liverpool, dated St. James's,

16th September 1779: And also,

N® 27. Extract of a Letter from Lord Viscount Weymouth to the Right honourable Lord Edgcumbe, dated St. James's, 2 id September 1779: And also,

N® 28. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Codd, Deputy Town Clerk of Kingston upon Hull, to Lord Viscount Weymouth, dated Guildhall, 21st September 1779: Arid also,

N® 29. Extract of a Letter from Lord Viscount Weymouth to the Mayor of King/lon upon Hull, dated St. James'25th September 1779: And also,

N" 30. Copy of the Resolutions proposed by the Town of Falmouth, ift September 1779 — In Lord Edgcumbe's, 27th September 1779: And also,

N® 31. Copy of a Letter from J. Hocken, Esquire, Mayor, and Richard Vivian, Esquire, Justice, to the Right honourable Lord Edgcumbe, dated Falmouth, nth ’October 1779 — In Lord Edgcumbe's, 25th October 1779: And also,

N" 32. Copy of Resolutions at a Meeting of the principal Inhabitants of Wh, 13th October 1779 — In Earl Fauconberg's, 18th October 1779: And also,

N* 33. Extract of a Letter from’ Lord Viscount Weymouth to Lord Edgcumbe. St. James's, 23d OHaber 1779: And also,

N" 34. Extract of a Letter from Lord Viscount Wty mouth to the Earl of Faucon, dated St.

1 ft November 1779: And also,;

Pipers

respe&iogthe Disputei with Franct and Spain.

Banbury

to

Edge Hill Road.

Fees of Clerks of Arraigns.

20.Geo. HI. Azlf jametrii. - 53 f

N® 35. Copy of a Letter from Lord Vlfcount Weymouth to Lord EdgcUmbe, dated St. Jameses, lft November 1779.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Chamier presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, and allb pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of the Expose des Motifs de fa Conduite du Roi, relativement a F Angle And all'o, N° a. Exposition of the Motives of the King’s Conduct respecting England. Translation: And <vlfo,

N° 3. Mifnafire justificatif pour servir de reponfe a 1’ Expole, &3V1 de la Cour de Frdnce: And also,

N° 4. Justifying Memorial to serve as ah Answqr to the Exposition, tdc. of the Court of - Tritnjf-

lation: And also,

N° 5. Copy of the Manifesto of the Motives which have guided the Catholic King for the Manner of his proceeding with England, in Spanijk, and a Translation in English: And allb,

N° 6. Copia de la Real C6dula publicada en la de Madrid, N* 51. de 25 de Junto dc 1779: And also,

N° 7. Copia de la Declaration que el Marques de Almodovar debe entregar al Ministerio Britanico I lii delpedida en la Gazeta de MN® 51, publicada el 25 de Junto de 1779: And also,

N° 8. Translation of a Royal Order published in the Madrid Gazette, N° 51, June 25th 1779: And allb,

N° 9. Translation of the Declaration which the Marquis d’ Almodovar is ordered to deliver to the Ml-

niftry before his Departure. Published in the Madrid Gazette, N® 51, June 25th 1779: And also,

N° 10. Copia de la Ileal Cedula publicada en la Gazeta de Madrid, Num. 52, del Maries 29 de Junto de 1779: And also;

N° 11. Translation of a Royal Order published in the Madrid Gazette, N® 52, June 29th 1779: And also, , _ .

N® 1.2. Copy of the Answer tririfrhitted to the Marquis d ’Almodovairby Lord Vifcoiint Wty mouth, July

,13th. 1779 , and Translation thereof.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was1 read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members' of the House.

The said Papers are preservid amongst the othir Papers of this Session.

A Bill for enlarging the ' Term arid Powers of a'n Act:, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act to widen and repair the Road from The Guide Post, hear the End of " Drayton Lane, near Banbury, in the County of Oxford, to the House called The Sun Rising, at the " Top of Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick," was read a Second Time.

Resolved,. That the Bill be committed to Mr. St. John, Mr. Tozvnjhend,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Knapp, Clerk of the Assize for the Home Circuit, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of Fees, Perquisites, and other Emoluments of Office, claimed and usually taken by the Clerk of the the Clerk of the Arraigns, Associate, and

_ You. 37.

Clerk of the tndiftments, and Bailiff, on the Home

Circuit; ^rid also, ....

A^Lift of Fees, Perquisites, and, other Emoluments of (jffice, claimed and usually taken by the Clerk, of Assize, the CJerk of Arraigns, the Clerk of Indictment^, ‘and by the Associate, in the Midland Circuit.: And

also, < , .....a.

A Lift of Fees, Perquisites, and other Emoluments of Office, claimed and usually taken by the Clerk of Assize, (hq Clerk of Arraigns, the Associate, and the Clerk of Indictments, on the Norfolk Circuit: And also, > .

A Lift of Fees, Perquisites, and other Emoluments of Office, claimed and usually taken qy the Clerk of Assize, the Clerk of Arraigns,-the Clerk of In-distrnents, and the Associate, in the Northern Circuit: And also,

A Lift of Fees, Perquisites, and other Emoluments of Office, claimed and usually t^ken by the Clerk of the Assizes, Afifociate, Clerk of Arraigns, and, Clerk of the Indiftcnents, in the Oxford Circuit: And also, .

A Lift of Fees, Perquisites, and other Emoluments of Office, claimed and usually taken by the Clerk of Assize,. Clerk of the Indictments, and the Associate, on the Western Circuit.

And then-he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read. ( Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. . , .

The said Lifts (except, (he Fifth) are preserved amongst the other Paj)ers of this Session.

Note. The Fifth of the said Lifts, was, on account of Mistake therein, withdrawn, by an Order of trip House of the 8th of May, and another presented oh the 1 ith of May.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled^.An Act to enable Mary Ruck,. Spinster, notwithstanding her Minority, to convey, assign, and settle her Real and Personal Estate, on her intended Marriage with Benjamin Keene, Esquire, was read a Second Time. -Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Tovcnjhend, he. \ And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chafriber.

A Petition of John Poore, Esquire, and Henry King, Gentleman, Lords of the Manor of feckford Abbotts znd Abbess, in the County of Southampton, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Being Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Manor and Parish of Lcckford Abbotts and Abbess aforesaid, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Comfnoh Meadows, Common, Pastures, Waste Lands, and fCommonable Places, the Property of the Petitioners, which,.in thejir present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, if the same were divided anu i'nclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to them, according to their respective Rights and fnterefts: And therefore praying,. That Leave may Be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given tP bring in a. Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Jervoise arid Mr. Minchin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A. Petition of the several Perform whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Land Owners,.an.d Persons interested in the Commons, Open Fields, and Common

Pastures,

Ruck’s

liflates.

Lcckford - Abbotts, lie. Indolure.

Findem

IncXoiurc.

Trade of Ireland.

Lancaster

Writ.

The Chaphin to preach on Jan. ji.

Trade of Ireland.

Supply*

Way* and Mean*

Si12 25s

Pastures, within the Liberty of in the Parish

of Mickleover, and County of Derby, was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Liberty, certain Commons, Open Fields, and Common Pastures, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted and aligned to each Proprietor, according to their respective Properties and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commons, Open Fields, and Common Pastures, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition r And that Mr. Coke of Derby, Lord George , and Mr.

Curzcn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to allow the Trade between Ireland and the British Colonies and Plantations in America and The West Indies, and the British Settlements on the

Coast of Africa, to be carried on in like Manner as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Settlements: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon . Thursday Morning next j

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Thursday Morning next," and inferring the Words "

" Sevennight" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Thursday Morning next" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Noes, justreU; } -

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put j Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Lancaster, in the room of the honourable Thomas Stanley, deceased.

Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do preach before this House, at Saint Margaret'%, Westminster, upon Monday next, the Thirty-first Day of this histant January.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon the First and Eighth Days of December last, relating to the Trade of Ireland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Janttarii. A. 1780.

House to consider further of Ways and Means far railing the supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 5° di Januarii;

Anno 20* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

| RDERED, That the Reverend D oft or Horne,

Presideot of Magdalen College in the Unirerfity of Oxford, be desired to preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster, upon Friday the Fourth

Day of February next, being the Day appointed by His Majesty’s Royal Proclamation, for a General Fast: And that the Lord North and die Lord Lewisham do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, One made in the Twency-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Warwick to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, and other Roads therein mentioned; and the other made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stow in the Wold to Ha Bridge aforesaid, and

other Roads therein mentioned; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, with other Trustees in the said Act named, have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be coileded on several Parts of the said Roads, Part of which still remains due j and that the Tolls coileded upon the said Roads from Warwick to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, and so much of the said Road from Stow in the Wold to Halford Bridge aforesaid, as lies between the said Halford Bridge and Paddle Brook, in the Parish of Stretton upon , in the said County, together with the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been applied towards the Repairs of such Roads respectively, and great Progress hath been made therein but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Terms of the said Acts, so far as they relate to the several last mentioned Roads, be further continued, and same additional Powers granted to the Trustees for those Purposes; and that the Petitioners apprehend the several last mentioned Roads might be better amended and kept in Repair, if the same were made a separate District, and put under the Care of separate Trustees, and if the several Clauses and Provisions necessary for repairing such Roads were reduced into and made One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Skipwith, Sir Charles Holte, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

Dr. Horne to preach on the Fad-day, Feb. 4.

Warwick,

Sec.

Roads.

io Geo. 111.

Tlmington

Inclosure.

% l

;rti

,4.

ft

? " ( Charlton

*- ' hclofare.

f t 1 lhJt

la!

d

"A

rro-

ITf

:ii

If

OB

!5

US

\ Mcnham 5 kclosure.

a

Bourne*

Name.

250 Januarii. 533

er and have Power td fend for Persons, Papers, First and other Sons, and their Issue Male, and hisj and and Records. their respective Children, to assume and use the Name,

and bear the Arms of pursuant to the Will

A Petition of Francis Canning, Esquire, Lord of the of Arthur Esquire, deceased i And the fame

Manor of Ilmington, in the Parish of Ilmington, in the was received; and read the First Time.

County of Warwick, and of George Knox, Bachelor Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, in Divinity, Rcttor of the said Parish, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto sub- A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Tiltop'* Inn feribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed and Common* put in Execution an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year able Land there, was presented to the House, and of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widen* Road.2* Tead; Setting forth. That the said Manor and Parish ing the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Town of are co-extensive, and contain several Open and Com* Stroud, in the County of and of the several

mon Fields, and other Commonable Land belonging Creditors who have advanced Money upon the Tolls to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present granted by the said Act, and former Acts thereip tnen-State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, rioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting "but would be much increased in Value by a Division forth, That the Road leading from the City of Glou-and Inclosure of the fame: And therefore praying, to the Town -of Stroud, in the County of

That Leave may be given.to bring in a Bill for dividing ter, under the Care and Management of the Petitioners, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and is also used by Stage Coaches, Diligences, and other other Commonable Land, under such Regulations as Carriages, as the great Road from Gloucester to Math j the House shall think proper. and that, by the former Acts of Parliament reipecling

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, the said Road, the Trustees were authorized to collect pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that a higher Toll than by the said present Act is allowed,

Sir ’Thomas Skipwiihand Sir Charles Holte do prepare, and which was lowered at the Time of passing the fiiid

and bring in, the fame. present Act, with a view to encourage Travelling upon

the said Road, and which in that respect has answered A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are the End intended; and that the Petitioners have pro-thereainto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of the ceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and borrowed Common Fields in the Parish and Manor of Charlton, considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, which have been duiy applied for the Repair of the and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Pro- said Road; but the Materials for repairing the same prietors in the said Common Fields lie intermixed, and being at a great Distance, and of a bad Quality, the dispersed in small Parcels, and are, for the most Part, Amendment of the said Road hath been attended with so inconveniently situated, so that the same are incapable great an Expence, that a considerable Part of the Tolls of any considerable Improvement; and that it would are applied to discharge the Interest of the Money bor-be for the Benefit of the several Persons interested, if rowed thereon; and that the Petitioners observe, by the said Common Fields were divided and inclosed, and the Votes, that a Petition is presented, and Leave specific Parts thereof allotted to them in Proportion to given to bring in a Bill for making a new Road from their respective Rights and Interests therein: And there- Tiltup's in the Parish of through -

fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a worth and to in the Parish of Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Rodborou leading through Part of the Parishes 91 Fields, and for allotting the same to and amongst Horsley, Woodchester Alinehirhamptevi A

the Proprietors, according to their respective Interests, Jlanley, and Rodborough, all in the County of Gloucester; under such Regulations as the House shall think and that the intended Road from to Tiltup's

proper. Inn immediately communicates with the Turnpike

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Road from thence to; and will also open a Copi-pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that munication of Road from Gloucester to Dudbridge,

Mr. Elwes, Mr. Pen-ruddock , and Mr. Goddard, do pre- through the Parishes of and by

pare, and bring in, the fame. which Means the Road from Gloucester to Bath, through

Stroud, will be in a great Measure, if not totally, divert-A Petition of Jane Rooke, Lady of the Manor of ed, as by the intended Road several steep Hills yvill be Ickenham, in the County of Middlesex, and of the Re- avoided; for thele Reafoijq the Petitioners have too verend Thomas Clarke, Patron of the Reflory and Pa- much Cause to believe, tliaf, if the Bill is passed into a rish Church of Ickenham aforesaid, and also the present Law, the Tolls arising from the Gates erected on the Restor of the said Parish, and of several other Per- Road under the Petitioners Care, will be reduced so low fons, being Owners and Proprietors of, or interested, as materially to affedft the Securities of the Petitioners in, the Open Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and the Creditors, and will be very insufficient for keeping Waste Grounds, within the same Parish, on Behalf of the said Road in Repair: And therefore praying, That themselves, and others, was presented to the House; Provision maybe made in the intended Act, to enable and read; Setting forth. That the said Open Com- the Petitioners to increase and advance the Tolls for mon Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, passing through the Gates erected upop the Road un-are, in their present Situation, incapable of any confi- der the Management of the Petitioners, in such Degree derable Improvement, and it would be very advan- as will bear an adequate Proportion to the Lois that tageous to the Petitioners, and all other Persons inte- will be sustained by diverting the Bath Road as afore-rested therein, if the same w'ere divided and inclosed: said, or to increase the Tolls.to the same Sums as were

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to collected and taken upon the said Road at the Time of bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands passing the said present Act of Parliament, and thereby and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Re- prevent the Petitioners the Creditors from losing any gulations, as the House shall think proper. Monies advanced on the Credit of the said Tolls, and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, enable them to keep the said Road in Repair, in such pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr. Wood, and Mr. Jackson, do shall seem meet, prepare, and bring in, the fame. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame,.a» it shall Order, a Bill to enable Richard Bourne, Esquire, his appear to them, to the House:

Vol. 37. 6 U And

5S4

2 5 2 6 s Januarii.

A, 1780.

And it is referred to Mr. Barraza, Sir Thomas Skip-wish, fee.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; arid have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Trent Bridge A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing Road. Two Acts, made, one in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge, in the " County of the Town of Nottingham, through Cojlock, " otherwise Cording flock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the " County of Leieejierand the other in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of the said King, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted " by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through " Cojlock, other wise Cortlingstock Lane, to the Bridges " commonly known by the Name of Cotes Bridges, in the County of Leieejier, and for making the said Act " more effectualand of several Persons who have advanced Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted } was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have put the fau3 Acts into Execution, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain duej and that, in Execution of the said Acts, they find that some additional Provisions and Alterations are necessary to render the same more effectual; and that the Term granted by the said Acts is near expiring, and, unless the Term and Powers thereof are enlarged, the Money still owing upon the Credit of the Tolls cannot be repaid, nor the Road repaired, widened, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to in bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Smith, Lord Edward tinck, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records

Motion ' The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

respetfing Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, in-Infli Affairs, An Act for the better securing the Dcpen-

" dency of the Kingdom of Ireland upon the Crown " of Great Britainmight be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurit, 26* die 'Januarii;

Anno ao* Georgii III. H Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

Fi nford Brnl;e

SIR Thomas Skipwith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, R and altering and enlarging the Powers, oi an Act, passed

Reid/ *n *he Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widen-16

ing the Roads leading from the Crofs of Hand near Fin-ford Bridge, in the County of through the

Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough

of Banbury, in the County of and from The

Guide Poji in the Village of Ain the same County, through Kidl.ngton, to The Mile leading towards the City of Oxford-, and also the Road leading from a Place called The Two Mile Tree, near the City of Oxford, over Gosford, otherwise Gojjard Bridge, to a certain Gate entering upon Wcfion on the Green, in the said County, lb far as the same relates to the Road leading from The Cross of Hand, near Bridge, in

the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Albany Wallis, Gentleman, Lord of Le<hor» the Manor of Legburn, in the County of Lincoln, in IncMute Trust, for the Purposes expressed in an Act of Parliament, for veiling several Estates late of Samuel Shephard,

Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be Ibid. and for other Purposes therein mentioned, Thomas Lifer, Esquire, and others. Proprietors of the several Messuages, Cottages, Lands, an 1 Grounds, in the Parish of aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the fatfl Parish are certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, wherein the different Properties lie intermixed, and so dispersed, that, in their present State, they are incapable of Improvement:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, subject to such Orders and Regulations as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Cecil Wray and Sir John Ihorold do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees for executing Two Acts, Lincoln made in the Twelfth and Thirty-second Years of the koudi. Reign of King George the Second, the one intituled,

" An Act for repairing the Roads from the North Well " Parts of the County of L, through Nettlam " Fields, Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the " Wolds, or North East Parts of the said County:"

and the other, intituled, "An Act to continue, amend,

" and make effectual, an Act, passed in the Twelfth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repairing the Roads from the North Welt.

" Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Nettlam

Fields. Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the " Holds, or North Fall Part of the said County; and " also for repairing and widening the Roads from The " Well, in East Gale, in the City of Lincoln, and from the North West End of Hand from the " Guide Fuji, at the East End ot Hainton, through

" Barkzvilh, to the Roads directed to be repaired by " the said Act;" was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to execute the said Acts, by repairing and widening the Roads therein described, and have, for that Purpose, borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which, together with the Tolls, has been duly applied; and that the Terms granted by the said Two Acts are near expiring, and unless the Term is further continued, and further Powers granted to the Petitioners, the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the Roads described in the said Acts continue to he properly repaired and widened: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for cogging die Term and Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered,

*1 "k.

L,

20 Geo.'III. 26° Janudrii. 535

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John , Sir

Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine- of the Clock, in the Speaker’s; Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

ftmberry A Petition of William , Esquire, Lord of the

Indolure. Manor of Blenchcrrv, in the County of , and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and of the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of E lew berry aforesaid, w'as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others in the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, lie intermixed, and dilpeiied in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, arc incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons entitled thereto, if the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and (pecific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors thereof, in ljeu of, and in Proportion to, their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to "bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lauus, and Grounds, in such Manner, and under lucii Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elites, and Mr. Wincheom do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

Stratton And ey, kc. laclosure.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors, of Lands in the Open and Common Fields < f and in the Parishes or Lordships of Stratton 111 the County of Oxford, and Cavers/e/d, in the County of Bucks, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds' of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields, lie open and uuinclosed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and all others concerned or interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House finall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, puriuap.c to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elutes and Mr. Harriot do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, of

intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Captors of *mc

Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing " certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom " might be read. ..

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, with respect to bringing and landing certain French Prizes in " this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Provisions of the said Aifls to Prize Goods: And that Sir Grey Cooper and Mr. Ord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Warden of Saint Mary , Salperton

Winchester, near IVinclester, and the Scholars, Clerks Lclosure.

of the same College, Edward Sa Esquire, Browne, Esquire, Thomas Browne, Esquire, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto fio-feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Set- , ting forth, That there are, within the Manor and Parish of Salperton, in the County of divers

Common Fields, Common Pafiures, and other Lands; and that the said Warden and Scholars are lei fed of the said Manor, and of a great Pa.-t of the said Lands, subject to a Lease thereof granted by them to the said Edward Samp/on for a Term of Twenty Years now un- . expired; and that the said John Browne is feiled of the Impropriate Rectory or Parlonage of Salperton aforesaid, and entitled to all the Great and Small Tythes within ' the said Parish, and is also feiled of and entitled to certain Glebe Lands, and other Freehold Lands, in the said Manor and Parish; and that the said Thomas Browne, and others, whose Names are subscribed to the Petition, are Copyholders or Customary Tenants of the said Manor; and that many of the Lands of different Proprietors in the said Manor and Parish, lie dispersed and intermixed, and are subject to Commonable Rights; and that the said Proprietors are desirous, that all the said Lands may be divided, allotted, and exchanged, so that specific Parts or Shares thereof may be assigned to and vested in them, respectively, discharged of all Tythes and Rights of Common whatsoever, in lieu of and in Proportion to, their respective Lands, Tythes," and Commonable Rights therein; and also that such Exchanges may be made of their respective Messuages, and other Buildings, Yards, and Gardens, as may be deemed convenient, and for their mutual Advantage:.

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Restrictions. Rules, and Regulations, and with such Towers, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill," pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Chester, Sir William Gui/e, and Mr. Blackwell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ickenham Mr. Alderman Wi/kes presented to the House, ac-Inclosure. cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and Commonable Linds, within the Parish of hkenbam, in the County of And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Trade of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Irehuid.. House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon the First and Eighth Days of December last, relating to } the Trade of Ireland.

Duties on Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-Foreign }ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole obitco. jjoufe> to consider of the Duties payable upon Foreign Prize Tobacco.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the V01. 37:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wh de Supply. House; to consider further of the Supply granted to Pits Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and JVlcan*.

House,

53<5

2.6° — 270 Januarii.

A. 178

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Fpfom

through

Ewell

Holds.

yovis,2 70 die Januarii;

Anno 20® Georgii Ili'"Regis, 1780.

Tr AYERS.

A PETITION of several of the Trustees appointed for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epsom, through to , and from Ewell to King/}on upon and Thames

" Ditton, in the County of Surrey and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to carry the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money, which, together with the

effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, and the Money due repaid, unless the Term already granted be continued and enlarged; and that some Inconveniences and Defects have occurred in the Execution of the said Act, which, if the said Act is not amended, and certain Alterations made therein, will in a great Measure obstruct the Repair of the said Roads, and defeat the good Purposes intended by the said Act; and that, if the said Act was explained and amended, and a further Term granted, it would add to the Security of the Creditors on the said Tolls, and the Petitioners would be enabled more effectually to compleat the Repair of the said Roads: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge, explain, and amend, the Powers given in and by the said Act, and to make the same more effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Thor old, Mr. Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

______________________________ # Mr. Jervoise presented to the House, according to Ledford

Tolls collected upon the said Roads/ have been applied order^a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Com- Abbom,

lndolure.

in repairing and keeping the same in Repair; but the same cannot be effectually done, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be continued and enlarged; and that the Highway or Road leading from the Parish of Ewell, through the Parish of Cudding or Banjlead, to the PyegateTurnpike Road on Borough Heath, in the said Parish of Banjlead, or to the said Ryegate Turnpike Road at Potters Lane End nearest Sutton, is in a ruinous Condition, and in some Parts narrow and dangerous for Passengers, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending the said Act, and for repairing the several Roads or Highways before mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir J Mawhey, Mr. v«,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lobth

Roads.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for

mon Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows,

Common Failures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Leckfo Abbotts and Abbess, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to allow the Trade between Ireland and the Traded British Colonies and Plantations in America and The IreM» West Indies, and the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, to be carried on in like Manner as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Settlements, was, according to Order, read a Second

MV °

lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this I louse will, upon I Tedn:f.Li v M n r n -ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Landing of who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for 1’rizeGood*, extending the Provisions of Two Acts, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for repealing lo much of the said l ift-mentioned Act as relates to the Certificates for Prize Tea and East India

repairin', ami widening several Roadi leading from «0<xlS exported from el, is Kingdom to Zre/., Tn;un 7 ;.r TOrdered, That it be an Instruction to the G<

" the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln,'’ was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, the said Trustees, have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties granted by the said Act, and also made Principal a great Part of the Interest which has accrued due thereon, amounting together to f. 4,684 and upwards, which has been laid out for and towards repairing the said Roads, and the Tolls directed to be taken have been applied for the said Purpose, and paying the Intereli of the Money borrowed; but several Sums so borrowed are ll;:ll owing, the Tolls having been insufficient to pay the Principal Money and Interest, and to keep the Roads in Repair; and that the said Roads cannot be H

Gentlemen,

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for allowing East India Goods, condemned as Prize at any Out Port, to be removed to London for Sale.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision in the said Bill iorthe Removal of Prize Goods for Exportation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten ®f the Clock.

20 Geo. IIL

Veneris, 28* die *,

Anno 20* Georgii IIIth Regis, 1780.

pRAYUtS.

MR. Secretary ai War preferred to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Lift of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half Pay, iri Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof,

for the Year 1780: And aMo,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 17801 And allb.

a8" Januarii.

537-

Estimate of the Charge erf" the but Eenfioners at

C/ie/fea Hospitd'l, for the Year 17 So. t r.

Mr. Secretary at War alto pretented to 'the Horde, pursuant to their Order, .

An Account of the Application of Part pi he £. 20,000 granted for Contingencies hprfn Account, in the Ultimate of the Charge 0! the Guards and Garriiun-. and other His Majesty’s Land Forcer in Great Britain, including those in Jersey and Guer.yey, ireth the 25:!: ef December 1778 to the 24th of 1779, butu

inclusive.

And the Tides of the said Lift, Eftrniates," and Ac Count, were read.

The laid Lift and Account Ate preferred arPcaglt the other Papers of this Session, and the said Estimate? -are as foftoweth; viz

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His, Majesty’s

Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1780.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for 366 Days, from 23th December 1779 to 24th December 1780, inclusive -

For Allowances to Officers of the Reduced Horle -For the Annual Allowances to Seven Private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of Horle Guards, at £. to per Annum each - - - -For 21 Private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at per Diem each.

War-Office, a7th January 1780.

Per Diem.

:£ t.-

226 10 4

\ 17 2

— 12 3

----- — ---- f--

For 366 Da^tf.

1, U X

82,903 2

3H .1 3.r-224 .3 6

83,513 8 6.

=F

C. Jenkinson.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of C/ielfea Hospilaiy for the Year 1786.

10,961 Out Pensioners Handing at present upon the Books of the Hospital 203 Letter Men, at 12 d. per Dion each - - - - 31 Serjeants, at 9 d.per Diem each ----- Per Diem. 1 4 For 3S6 Days.

228 7 i 0 3 — 1 3 3 83,577 i2' 3,714- 18 — 425 9 6

11,195 * - 4 Total - - £. — sese 239 l3 4 . fcf — V- - " ^7,718 —

War-Office,

27th January 1780.

C. Jenkinj

MftTi T-

Vol. 37:

6 X

Ordered,

538 28° Janmrii. A. 1780.

Ordered, That the said Lift, Estimates, and Account, the Privilege of this House, and in Infringement of the do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Member* Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great of the House. v Britain) be received upon Morning next.

Volunteer

AssociatioiM.

Papers Mr. Ckamier presented to the House, pursuant to respeaing their Address to His Majesty,

Copies of Applications for Arms, Ammumtioa, of Accoutrements, which have been received in the Office of His Majesty’s principal Secretary of State for the Northern Department, with the Answers which have been returned thereto; viz. N° 1. Extract of a Letter from the Proyoft of Aberdeen to the Earl of Suffolk, dated , 3d June 1778:

And also,

N* a. Copy of a Letter from Lord Viscount mouth to the Provost of Aberdeen, dated 4th July 1778: And also,

N° 3. Extract of a Letter from the Lord Advocate for Scotland to the Lord Viscount Weymouth, dated 7th August 1779: And also,

N° 4. Extra# of a Letter from the Sheriff of Ross-Jkire to the Lord Advocate, dated 28th July 1779: And also,

' N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Lord Viscount Weymouth to the Lord Advocate, dated 27th August 1779: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from the Lord Advocate to the Lord Viscount Weymouth, dated 25th August 1779: And also,

N° 7. Extra# of a Letter from Sir John Gordon to the Lord Advocate, dated 20th August 1779: And also,

N° 8. Extra# of a Memorial referred to in Sir John Gordon’s Letter: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from the Lord Viscount Weymouth to die Lord Advocate, dated nth September *779-

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Orford

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

Suffolk, in the Room of the Right honourable Francis Seymour Conway, commonly called Lord Viscount Beauchamp, who, fence his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Cofferer of His Majesty’s Household.

IndofoL B'A inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within ffie Parish and Liberties of Barham, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Philip Hales, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Choroid reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for executing Two Acts, made in the Twelfth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of King George the Second,- the one, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads from the " North West Parts of the County of Lincoln, through " Nett lam Fields, Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to The Wolds, or North East Parts of the said County and the other, intituled, "An Act to continue, amend* " and make effectual, an Act, passed in the Twelfth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads from the North " West Parts of the County of Lincoln, through " lam Fields, Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to " Wolds, or North East Part of the said County; and " also for repairing and widening the Roads from The " Well, in East Gate, in the City of Lincoln, and from " the North West End of Horncastle, and from The " Guide Poftat the East End of through

Barkwith, to the Roads directed to be repaired by " the said Aftwas referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to

Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’* Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Samuel Houghton being examined, said. That a Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads; in doing which the Tolls, together with a considerable Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied — That the greater Part of the Money so borrowed. Hill remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, which is near expiring* be further continued. *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to continue, amend, and-make effectual, an Act passed in the " Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the " North West Parts of the County of Lincoln, through " Nett lam Fields, Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to

" The Wolds, or North East Part of the iiiid County; " and also for repairing and widening the Roads from " The Well, in East Gate, in the City of Lincoln, and " from the North West End of Home aft 1^ and from " The Guide Post at the East End of through

" Barkwith, to the Roads directed to be repaired by. " the said Act:" And that Sir John Thor old and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

J.incoik

Rc'*C:.

Committee Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee ,. of Privileges, That they do fit upon Wednesday next, at

nv egefc Qf the Clock in the Forenoon; and that they have Power to adjourn from Time to Time.

Bjtt#. , Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

Privileges, touching the several Complaints made to the House upon the 10th and 17th Days of December last (that the Duke of Ckandos, a Peer of Parliament, and Ibid.Lieutenant of the County of Southampton, had signed several Letters with his own Hand, respecting the then ensuing Election for the said County, thereby concerning himself in the said Election, in Breach of 16

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of Adjournment, the House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Tet- TiltupN rnn bury, and Parishes of Horse/ey, Avcning, and Village of to Nailfxiorth, in the County of Glcuwas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is an °* ' ancient and public Road or King’s Highway from the Town of Tetbury, by Chavenage, Fugard's

Greta, and The Wind's Arse, dawn to The Croft at Nail, worth, in the Parish of Horse/ey, and so on through The For ft Green, in {he Parish of Avening, to many

Towns

Tiltup’s Il D to

Dudbridge

Koact

2o Geo*IIL 2 8° JanuariL 539

Towns and Villages, which has been, and still is, of very great Advantage and Emolument to the Petitioners; and that a Bill is depending in the House, for making and maintaining a Hoad from , in the said

Parish of Horseley, to join the Turnpike Hoad leading from Cirencester to Dudbridge, at or near in

,the Parish of Rodborough, and from the Bridge at worth, in the Parish of Avening, to the Tufnpike Hoad upon Minchinkampton Common, and from the said Bridge by Hoivcombeand Iron Mill up The Well to the

last-mentioaed Turnpike Road; in which Bill a Clause is inferred, that as soon as that Part of the Road which will lead from Nailsworth Croft to Barton End, shall be made paffible for Cattle and Carriages, the Hoad leading from the said Cross to the Top of the lane which joins the Hoad from Barton End to Minchin-hampton, also a Eane going out of the aforesaid Lane to the Top thereof, and likewise joining another Part of the said Lane leading from Barton End to Minchin-hampton, shall be no longer deemed or considered in any respect, or for any Purpose, as a public Highway or public Highways; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the said Clause is inserted in the Manner above recited, with an Intent to mislead the House, because the Road leading from the said Cross to a Place called The Wind’s Arse (being the greatest Part of the said Hoad leading from the said Cross to the Top of the Lane which joins the Hoad from Barton End to Minchin-hampton) and also the Lane going out of the aforesaid Lane to the Top thereof, and likewise joining another Part of the said Lane leading from Barton End to Min-chinhampton, is the said public Highway from let bury to Nailsworth Cross aforesaid, but which is carefully avoided being mentioned in the said Clause, well hoping by that Means, as the Petitioners conceive, no Notice would be taken thereof; and that the Hoad to Barton End leads out of the public Road from Tetbury to Nailsworth Cross aforesaid, at the said Place called The IVinis Arse, and is not above 440 Yards from thence to the Road leading from Barton End to;

and that the Roads comprized in the said Bill do not go in the same Direction with the said Road from Tetbury to Nailsworth Cross, neither has it any other Communication therewith, lave only going across the fame: And therefore praying the House will not deprive them of the Benefit and Advantage of the said ancient and public Highway from Tetbury to Nailsworth Cross aforesaid, and so on, through The Forcfl Green aforesaid, but will totally expunge the said Clause out of the said Bill; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall teem meet.

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of Houses and Lands, and other Persons, affected by the Bill now depending in the House, for making and maintaining a Hoad trom Tiltup's Inn, in the Parish of Horseley, to join the Turnpike Road leading from to

Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of was also

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is a Hoad from Tiltup's , in the Parish of Horseley, in the County of to , in

the said County, which has a firm and very good Foundation, and may be made very commodious for Carriages and Travellers, by only widening the fame, and in fomfe few Places reducing the riling Parts thereof, and by going very little on private Property; and that some Persons, very few of whom have any landed Property in the Line of Direction of the said Road, have brought a Bill into the House, for making a Road from Tiltup’s Inn, aforesaid, to join the Turnpike lload leading from Cirencester to D, at or near Dud-bridge, in the Parish of Rodborough, and have got a Plan of such intended Road drawn out, whereby it appears that they have deviated almost totally from the old Road, and have adopted nearly an entire new Road, through the Garden', Orchards, and Meadows,

Vol. 37.

of the Petitioners and others, which Meadows are of a very rich and deep Soil, and very valuable, and where an entire new Foundation must be made at an enormous Expence, and in many Parts not above One hundred Yards from the old Road, and in other Parts not far from it, the old Road lying between the new-intended Road and the Quarries from whence the Stones must be fetched for making the said new Road; and have given Notices in Writing to the Petitioners, that Powers will be fought for, not only to make such new-intended Road through the Gardens, Orchards, and Meadows, but also the Houses of some of the Petitioners, which the ^titioners Conceive to be not only very oppressive, put unparliamentary, as Houses, Gardens, and Orchards; adjoining to Dwelling Houses, are, in all the Acts of Parliament that have come to the Knowledge of the Petitioners, expressly excepted from such Roads going through them, and therefore hope the House will not grant such oppressive Powers as are fought for by the said Bill; and that the old Road, being so widened and reduced as aforesaid, will be equally near and as commodious as the new-intended Road, and will not be so injurious to, or go through a Twentieth Part of the private Property of the Petitioners and others, and not be One Half of the Expence in making and . compleating as the new-intended Road: And therefore praying. That such Powers may not be granted as are fought for by the said, Bill, and written Notices, for going through. the Houses, Gardens, Or Orchards adjoining the Dwelling Houses of the Petitioners, and which is prevented in all the Turnpike Acts which have come to the Knowledge of the Petitioners, and which would be extremely oppressive and injurious to them, but that such new Road may be carried along the old Road, or deviate as little as possible therefrom; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the acting Trustees for the Turnpike Tiltup’j Inn Road leading from Cirencester to the Town of; to and that Part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dud-bridge, and other Roads belonging to the said Turnpike, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the said Roads; and the Trustees thereby appointed proceeded to put the same in Force, and took up at interest, on the Credit of the said Act, the Sum of £. 600, and expended the same in making and repairing the said Roads, and particularly that Part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dudbridge, and caused Toll Gates to be erected on the said Hill, and also a Checque Gate at the End of Bowel/ Hill Lane, leading into that Part of Rodborough Hill that leads to Dudbridge aforesaid, to prevent Persons avoiding the said Toll Gates; and that an Act: passed in the last Session of Parliament,' to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and to continue the same for the further Term of Twenty-one Years; and that a Clause is inserted in a Bill, now depending in the House, for making a Road from Tiltup's , in the Parish of Horseley, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to Dudbridge, at or near; in the Parish of Rodborough, and other Roads therein mentioned,

and which is Part of the Roads above described, which Clause is as follows: " Whereas One of the Roads hereby " directed to be made, will enter into the present Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to , near

" about 150 Yards from one End thereof, and Travellers may be thereby subject to Payment of Toll " for travelling the said 150 Yards before they enter on " the Road hereby directed to be made; for Prevention whereof, be it further enacted, That the said " Trustees, or any or more of them, thall An-

" nually pay One Half of the Expence of repairing and amending the said 150 Yards, in Consideration whereof, and for so long Time as the.laid Half of

" the

TiUup’s hin

co

Dud hr. Jgc Road.

Duties on

Foreign T obacco.

Landing of Prize Goods.

5^0 28* Januam — i'Fehrmrii. 1 A. 1780.

the Expence incurred in the said. 150 Yards of Road " Pna'! he paid to the Treasurer to the and

" Dudbridge iload, the Trustees for the said Road from Cirencester to Dudbridge shall, and are hereby

" restricted and prohibited from continuing or cresting " any Gate or Turnpike, for the Purpose of taking Toll,

" at or between Dudbridge and the Road hereby directed " to be made to communicate therewith ;" and that the new-intended Road, to enter into the said Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Dudbridge, is in -the (lime Line of Direction with Bowel Hill Lane (at the Lnd whereof the said Checque Gate is (landing) and will totally defeat the Intention of erecting the said Checque Gate, and will thereby take away the Tolls of the said Cirencester iload Thirty or Forty Pounds per a,nd

add the same to the new-intended Road; and that the Petitioners conceive the said Clause to be very oppref-iive and injurious, not only to the predent Mortgagee, Mr. Joseph Cripps, by lessening his Security, but also to the Public in general, by decreasing the Tolls, and rendering them lets able to keep the said Roads in Repair, and paying the Interest of the Money advanced on the public Faith and Credit of the said Turnpike; and moreespecially as the Petitioners have been at a very great Expence in making and keeping in Repair, not only the said 150 Yards, but also the Whole of rough Hill that leads to Dudbridand keeping up the said Checque Gate at the End 01 Bowell Hill Lane aforesaid, for upwards of Twenty-five Years, and yet not able effectually to repair and make the said Road sufficiently commodious for the Public, or pay off the liiid Mortgage; and especially as the Petitioners have been informed, and believe, that a Road from Tittup's Inn to Dudbridge may be made equally near and commodious for the Public, and at One Half of the Expence that the new-intended Road can be made, according to the intended Line of Direction of the said new-intended Road, and without doing One Tenth Part of the Injury to private Property, or in the lead affecting the said Cirencester Road: And therefore praying, 'That the fiiid Clause may be totally expunged from the said Bill 'rand that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premtfes as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Road from Tittup's , in the Parish of Horsley, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to Dat or near Dudbridge, in the Parish of; and from the Bridge at Nailsworth, in the Parish of Aven-ing, to -the Turnpike Road upon hampton Common; and from the said Bridge, by Hawcombe and Iron M Hill, up The Well

to the said last mentioned Turnpike Road, all in the County of Gloucester; is committed.

The House, according to Order, resolved it (elf into a. Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable upon Foreign Prize Tobacco.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a bill for extending the Provisions of Two Acts, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom,

to Spanjb Prize Goods; and for repealing so much of the laid last-mentioned Act as relates to the Certili-.atcs for Prize Tea and Eujl India Goods exported from this Kingdom to Ireland; for allowing East India Goods, condemned as Prize at any Out Port, to be removed to London for Sale; and for the Removal of Prize Goods for Exportation: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. SalujburyBrereton presented to the House, ac- GmWni

cording to Order, a Bill to explain and amend (o much Lne of an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Turnpike. Majesty’s Reign, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehoujeand and for several other Purposes in the said first-mentioned Act contained, as gives Power to erect or remove Turnpikes or Tollgates, (b far as relates to erecting or continuing any Turnpike or Tollgate in Gray's Inn Lane,

or between the said Lane and the new Road leading from IJlingtou to Paddington: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this Houicwili, upon Wednesday Morn- Tndeof ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Ireland. House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord upon

the First and Eighth Days of December last, relating to the Trade of Ireland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Supply-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Wari ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole undMcius. House, to consider further of Ways and Means ior railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Martis, i# dieFebruarii j

Anno 200 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1780.

Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Fife the Petition of John Henderson, Elquin , rldeft Sun Ekdlion. of Sir Robert Henderson, Baronet, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Major General for the County of Fife, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits <jf the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Sneaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members, on the Bu-finess of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned,

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and 107 Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were ceded in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Shaker to read the Cider of the Day for taking the said Petition into C, nlidcrarion.

And the same being read accordingly;

The

Cray’s Inn Lane Turnpike.

Tiffield

Iftdofure.

ao Geo. III. T Februarii. 541

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk, in the usual Manner, and read by Mr, Speaker to the House.

And the Name of One Member, then present, was drawn, who was not objected to.

And the Name of William Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioner, and his Name was let aside.

And the Name of One other Member, then present, was drawn, who was not objected to.

And the Name of William Eden, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Three other Members, then pre-fenr, were drawn wjiowere not objected to.

An i the Name of Sir William , Baronet,

being drawn, he required to be excused fromferving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the rj able verified the same upon Oath, be was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Eight other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the NamC of John Dodd, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be exculed from serving on the said Se- lect Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years . of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Thirty-one other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Joshua Manger, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he was exculed accordingly.

And the Names of Five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Seven other Members, then present, were drawn, and let alidc with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Four, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified on Oath; Two, on Account of their having voted at the said Election; and One, on Account of his Return to serve in Parliament, not having been brought in Fourteen Days.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete. Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened, the Coun-fel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

A Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s lleign, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to HighgatcGatehouse and Hampstead, and for several

- other Purposes in the said first-mentioned Act contained, as gives Power to erect or remove Turnpikes or Toll-, gates, so far as relates to erecting or continuing any Turnpike or Tollgate in Gray's Inn Lane, or between the said Lane and the new Road leading from to Paddington, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. bury Brereton, Mr. Darker, &cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or

VOL. 37.

otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Tiffield, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Estates of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie inconveniently intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested thetein, if the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and ir.closed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors thereof, according to their respective Interelb, Rights of Common, and other Properties: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Darker, Mr. Knight ley, and Mr. do pre-

pare and bring in the lame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by ] virtue of an Act passed in the Tinrty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from The Cross at Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of defter, through Macclesfield Forefi, to the present Turnpike Road at the South End of the Township of Buxton, in the Counry of Derby, and of several of the Creditors upon the 'Foils of the said Turnpike Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads, to the great Convenience and Advantage of the Public; in doing of which, the Toils, together with a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, leave been expended; and that the Powers of the said Act having been found in several Respects defective, and the Term thereof nearly expired, the Debt so contracted cannot be paid off, or the Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unlcfe the said Act is continued, and the Provisions enlarged; and that, by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge the " Term and Poweis of an Act, passed in the Fifth " Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newe a file under to Hafibp,

and from Middiehilis to the Macclesfield Turnpike

" Road near Buxton \ and also the Road branching out " of the full-mentioned Road at Cobridge, to " and to the Uttoxeter Road at Shelton, in the County " of Stafford', and for amending several other Roads " adjoining thereto;" the Trustees for the Second Dif-trict of Roads therein comprized, were empowered to amend several Roads branching out of the said Roa^l between MiddiehilIs and Buxton, namely, from Ladman-

lov), to the AshborneTurnpike Road, at or near

Foot, to Thatch March and Pits, from

Fld/h Toll Bar and Axedge to Sonxedge, and from thence to Knot bury and Black Clough Coal Pits, and from Axedge aforesaid, to Hurkillow Frith and High Edge Lime

Kilns; and also the Road branching out of the said Road between Middlehills anti H»Jjup, from ling‘s House to Golfitck Coal; and that the Inhabitants of Macclesfield, KmtlsforJ, and the adjacent Parts of Cheshire, are supplied with Lime from The Grin Kilns, which was brought into the Road under the Care of the Petitioners (the said Trustees; across the Road from Buxton to Leek, and which, by the said Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, was made Turn-pike; and that, at the Time when the said last mentioned Act was depending in Parliament, the Trustees for the Macclesfield and Buxton Turnpike applied for, and obtained, a -Clause to be inserted therein, de-

6 Y daring,

tCclcsfi

Road

Macclesfield

Road.

Hilton Inclosure.

542 1" Februarii. A. 1780.

daring, that no Toil should be paid at any Toll Bar which then was or should be erected by virtue of that Ad, between the Macclesfield Turnpike and March, Goit, and Ravenfiow Coal for Cattle and

Carriages going for or returning with Coal and Sleek only, or at any Gate which then was or should be erected for the Passage of Cattle and Carriages going for and returning with Lime, from The Grin Kilns to the said Macclesfield Turnpike Road; but the said Clause contained a Proviso, that such Exemptions should extend only to such Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, as should not travel more than Four hundred Yards on the Roads comprized in the said Act; and that the Trustees of the said Second District have, in pursuance of certain Powers contained, or pretended to be contained in their Ad, lately erected certain Wails and Fences upon and near the Side of the said Turnpike Road, and across the Road through which the Carriers of Lime from the said Pits to the field Turnpike Road must pass; by which Means they are compelled to go out of their Way, and more than Four hundred Yards upon the said Leek Turnpike, and thereby are debarred the Benefit of the above-recited Exemptions, being subjected to the Payment of Toll at a Gate erected on Purpose to collect the fame, called Grin Bars, to the great Injury of all Con turners of Lime in those Parts of Ckeshire above described, and the Prejudice of the said Road under the Management of the Petitioners (the said Trustees,) by diminishing their Tolls; and that the Price of Lime is further encreased by the Trustees for the said Leek Road taking Toll for the Passage of Coal to the said Grin Kilns from the Pits at Thatch March and Goit, the only ones from whence they can be supplied; and that, if Powers were given to the Petitioners to make, amend, and keep in Repair, a Road branching from the prefen t Turnpike Road from Macclesfield to Buxton, at or near the House of Edward

to the said Coal Pits at Thatch March and and from thence to rejoin the said Macclesfield Turnpike Road at Thatch March aforesaid, and also one other Branch from the said MacclesfieldTurnpike Road near The Gofiing Bar, to the said Lime Kilns at The Coals might be conveyed to the said Kilns, and Lime carried from thence to the Parts of above de-

feribed, without passing on the Leek Turnpike, more than merely to cross the fame, it would be a great Relief and Advantage to all Persons supplied with Lime from the above Kilns, by restoring to them the Enjoyment of the said Exemption, and con-icquently reducing the Price of Lime to what it was before the said Walls and Fences were erected by the Trustees of the Leek Turnpike: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty; and that Provision may be made for making, amending, and keeping in Repair the above-described Branches of Road, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Daniel Parker , Esquire, Isaac Hawkins, Esquire, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of a very considerable Part of the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Hilton,

in the Parish of Marfion upon , in the County of Derby, on Behalf of themselves and all others interested therein, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Liberty, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Rights and Properties: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such' Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Howe, Lord George Cavendish, and Mr.

Curzon, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of the several Trustees for putting in Grantham Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty- &c* second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Ro4lt George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Roads from Grantham, in the " County of Lincoln, through Bottesford and Bingham,

" to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and from Chappel Bar " near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to " Saint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby, and from " The Guide Pofi in the Parish of Lemon, to " Ferry," so far as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in the Town of Derby, and from The Guide Pofi in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Trustees have made great Progress in repairing and widening the Roads in the said Act contained, or so much thereof as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in the Town of Derby, and from The Guide Pofi in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry; and that several Sums of

Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising upon such Part of the said Road as leads from Chappel Bar to Saint Marys Bridge, in the Town of Derby, and from The Guide Pofi in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferrey, aforesaid, which still remains due; and that the Term granted by the said Act, so far as relates to the Road from Nottingham to Derby, and from The Guide Pofi to Sawley Ferry, is near expiring; and that the said Roads from Nottingham to Derby, and from The Guide Pofi in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry, cannot be effectually amended or kept in Repair, nor can the Money due on the Credit of the Tolls be discharged, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, as to the Road leading from Chappel Bar aforesaid to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the said Town of Derby, and from The Guide Pofi in the Parish of Lenton to Sawley Ferry, be further enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much and such Part of the said Act as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar near the West End of the Town of Nottingham aforesaid, to Saint Mary's Bridge in the Town of Derby, and from The Guide Pofi in the Parish of Lenton, to Sazvley Ferry aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Howe, Mr. Curapis,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of tie Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have

ao Geo. III. i*

Rfpon,

*c.

Road.

Swlnford

Inclosure.

South

Kilwotth

lndoiurc.

have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the High Road from " the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram to the Town

" of Pateley Bridge, in the County of York" was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which have been laid out in defraying the several Expences thereby directed to be paid, and in making, widening, and amending, the said Road; and the Tolls directed to be taken by the said Act, have been applied to those Purposes, and, for forne few Years, in paying Part of the Interest of the Money borrowed; and that, for several Years pad, no Interest of the Money borrowed has been paid, the Whole of the Tolls having been necessarily expended in repairing the said Road, which, in many Places, is still in Want of Repair; and the Money borrowed still remains due, with a large Arrear of Interest, the Tolls having been in sufficient to keep the said Road in Repair, and to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed; and that the said Road cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor the Interest of the Money borrowed discharged, and the Principal paid, tmlcfs the Term of the said Act is further continued: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such further Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Lawrence, Sir William Howe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Cave, Baronet, and of other the principal Owners and Proprietors, of the Lands, Commons, Tythes, and Estates, within the Open and Common Fields of Swin/ord, in the County of Liicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the said Proprietors, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are posselfed of several Lands and Estates within the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Swin/ord aforesaid, which lie inconveniently intermixed, and dispersed over the Whole of the said Parish, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any conGderable Improvement; and that the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Grounds, are very fit and proper to be divided and inclosed, and would thereby be of much greater Profit and Advantage to the several Proprietors and Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and indoling the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Swin/ord aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hunger/ord, Sir John f and Mr. Darker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Proprietors of Lands in the Open and Common Field* of South Vofc. 37

worth, in the County of Le was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are possessed of several Estates in the said Open and Common Fields, which lie intermixed and dispersed in: small Parcels, by Means whereof great Inconveniences arise to the Proprietors ‘ and Occupiers, by continual Trespasses, surcharging of Commons, Inconvenience of Agriculture, and other Disorders, so that the best Advantage cannot be made thereof, and the same are thereby rendered incapable of Improvement in their present Situation; and that the said Common and Open Fields arc very proper to be inclosed, which would be of great Advantage to the several Freeholders and Owners of the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Open and Common Fields of South Kihvorth aforesaid, according to every Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hunger/ord, Sir John Palmer, and Mr. , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Harvey, Esquire, Mr. Thomas Duck, Mr. Thomas Baker’, Mr. Jeremiah Bryant, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Grounds within the Hamlets or Townships of Beeston, Thorncolt, Hatch Budna, Brookend, NorthtU, Ickivell, Upper Caldecott, and Ne-

ther Caldecott, in the County of Bed/ord, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said several Hamlets or Townships, divers Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons; and it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and others interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, subject to such Orders and Regulations as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Ongleyand Mr. Wy Id bore do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Petition of the several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Chappel Bar near the West " End of the Town of Nottito and from the Four Lane Ends near Oakerthorpe, to Ashborne, and from The Cro/s on Wirksworth Moor,

" to join the Road leading from Chesterfiddto " en le /rith, at or near Longfton, in the County of " Derby, and from Seljlcn to Amejley Wood house, in the " County of Nottinghamwhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have made great Progress in repairing and widening the Roads in the said Act described, but find that several of the Powers thereby granted are; ciefeftive, and require Amendment; and that several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which still remain due: and that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring, and the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor can the Money due on the Credit of the Tells be discharged, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, be further enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration

Bet (ton, Sec. Inclosure.

Ckappei 5af near Nottingham Road.

8tiY«lcy

Inclosure.

Heacham

Incloi'ure.

544 i° Februariu A. 1780.

ConGderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord George Coven ji/k, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nineot the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditament, within the Manor and Parish of Staveley, in the County of , and in respect thereof intitled to Right of Common upon certain Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Staveley aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the several Co - mons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor ind Parish, in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be a consideruble Improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish Lord Richard 'and Mr. Curzon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Nicholas Styleman Esquire, Edmund , Esquire, George Chad, Esquire, Robert , Clerk,

and the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, bn Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements in; in the

"County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish of Heacham, several Lands and Grounds, called IVhole

Year Lands, Half Year InclOpen Field Lands, Breeks, Commons, and IVafles, containing together by Estimation, 4,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that there are Rights of feeding Sheep and Great Cattle upon the said Commons and Wastes, and of cutting and taking Firing from off the said Commons, and of Sheepwalk and Shackage for Great Cattle upon the said Half Year Inclosurcs, Open Field Lands, and Breeks; and feme Parts of the said Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosure*, Open Field Lands, and Breeks, are ‘inconveniently situated for the Owners and Proprietors thereof; and great Part of the said Commons and Wastes are found by Experience to be bad Pasturage for Sheep, and are inconveniently situated for those having Right of feeding Great Cattle thereon: And ' therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, and Breeks; and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk and feeding Sheep in, over, and upon, "the said Commons and Wastes, and allotting Part thereof in lieu of such Rights; and for dinting the Number and Kind of Beast and Great Cattle to be kept upon the Residue of the said Commons and Wastes; and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk, Sheepfeed, 'and Shackage for Great Cattle, in, over, and upon the said Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands,

' and Breeks, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bacon, Mr. Coke of NoSir Harbord Harbord, and Mr. de Grtf, do prepare, and bring- in, the fame.

A Petition of Thomas Pie,'low, Esquire, Lord of the TottenM Manor of Tottenliill, within the Parish of Tottenliill with wil11

West Briggs, in the County of Norfolk, ’James Smith, T*? {®"»' William Wright, Thomas Watts, and the several Persons whole Names are thereuntp subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements in Tottenliill with Wef aforesaid, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish of Tottenliill,

Briggs, several Lands and Grounds, called Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Shack Meadows, Commons, Severals, and containing toge-

ther by Estimation, 1,400 Acres, or thereabouts (exclu-five of a Common or Meath called Briggs Common, containing by Estimation 200 Acres) and that there are Rights of feeding Sheep and Great Cattle upon certain Parts of the said Commons, Severals, and Wastes, of cutting and taking Whins, Brakes, Thorns, and Flags, from off the said Commons and Severals, and of Sheep-walk and Shackage for Great Cattle upon certain Parts of the said i lalf Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, and Shack Meadow's; and forne Parts of the said Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosurcs, Open Field Lands, and Shack Meadow's, are inconveniently situated for the Owners and Proprietors thereof; and great Part of the' said Commons and Severals ;.s found by Experience to be bad Pasturage for Sheep, by rotting them in w'et Seasons: And therefore praying.

That Leave may ‘be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Whale Year ‘Lands, Half Year Inclosurcs, Open Field Lands,

Shack Meadows, Commons, Severals, and Wastes (except the said Common or Heath called Briggs

Common) and for extinguishing all Tythes, and all Rights of feeding Sheep and Great Cattle in, over, and upon the said Commons, Severals, and Wastes; of cutting and taku . is, Brakes, Thorns, and Flags, from and off the said 'Ccivm'ous and Severals and of Sheep-w.i'k and Shackage of Great Guide in, over, and upon the said Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Linds and Shabk Meadows, in l'uch Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward AJlley and Mr. Bacon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Crofter, of the Parish of leken- ickenhi* ham, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, was present- Inclosure-ed to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields and Commonable Lands within the Parish of Ickenham, in the County of Middlesex; and Setting forth. That the said Bill was brought into the House on the Petition of Jane Rooke, Lady of the Manor of Ickenham aforesaid, and the Reverend Thomas Clarke, Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of Ickenham, and also ’the present Rector of the said Parish, and others, being Owners and Proprietors of, or interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable 'Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish, stating, that the said Open Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, are, in their present Situation, "incapable of any considerable Improvement, antithrit it would be to the Advantage of the Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed; and further Setting forth, that the said Common ’Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Ground*, con lift of about Six hundred and Forty Acres; that the same is enjoyed by the Owners and Proprietors separately and iff distindl Lots from each other; and that about One Fourth Part in Quantity thereof i? the Property of the Petitioner, whose Land is very far superior in Quality, and of infinite more Worth, than the reftof the-laid Lands and Grounds, from an enormous Expence he has been at to improve the same; but that such Improvement

Bourne's

Kame.

Accounts of Oltkes and Employments.

t

20 GeO; III. Ib Februatii, 545

ment is not equal to the Expenfce it occasioned; and that, from the Fiatness and Lownels of Situation of the Lands and Grounds, and the same being subject to frequent Floods; it would not by an Inclosure be capable of Improvement adequate to thti Expence necefla-rily attending it; and that, if the same were to be inclosed, it would be attended with a Disadvantage to the Persons in general interallied therein; and that the Petitioner would particularly be injured by such Inclosure, he being a Proprietor in Common Field Lands in Rufiip, which adjoin lekenham Common Field Lands, and such Inclosure would (hut the Petitioner out from the Lands in Rujlip, and would otherwise be attended with great Inconvenience to him: And therefore praying the House will not suffer the said Bill to pass into a Law, and that the Petitioner may be heard against the fame, by Counsel at the Bar of the House, on the Second Reading of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time: And that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counlcl, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill to enable Richard Bourn, Esquire, his First and other Sons, and their Issue Male, and his and their respective Children, to aflum'e and use the Name, and bear the Arms, of Char left, pursuant to the Will of Arthur Charlett, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page, Sir Roger Newdigate,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 15th Day of February, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Officers employed in the Office of Alienations on the 25th of 1705; and also

an Account of the Number and Names of the Officers in each Department, together with their respective Salaries, as they stood on the 5th of January 1779: And also.

An Account of the Offices and Employments in, and under the Direction of, the Office for Taxes, at the Establishment of that Office, with their respective -Salaries, as they stood on the yth of January 1779; distinguishing the Time when any Increase in the Number of such Officers, or their Salaries, were first made: And also,

A Lift of Employments in the Office of the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold, as they stood in the Establishment of the Chamber on the 25th of October 1705: And also,

A Lift of Employments in the Office of the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold, as they stood in the Establishment of the Chamber on the 5th of January 1779 > also a List of the Employments in the said Account that have been erected since the 25th of October 1705: And also,

An Account of the different Establishments of His Majesty’s Houshold, under the Lord Steward, in the Reigns of Queen Anne, George the Second, and His present Majesty, specifying the Officers and Servants on each Establishment, with their respedHve Salaries and Names, as they stood January the 5th 1779: And also.

An Account of the Officers and Employments under the Crown, existing on the 25th Day of 1705,

in the Navy Office, the Number of Officers employed at that Time in each, with their respective Salaries: and also an Account of the Number and Names of the V«l-37-

Officers in each department, With their Salaries, as they stood on the 5th January 1779, distinguishing the Time when any Increase of the Number of such Officers, or their Salaries, was first made: And also.

An Account of the Officers and Employments under the Crown, existing on the 25th 1705, be-

longing to His Majesty’s Dock and Rope Yards, with the Number of Officers employed at that Time in each; with their respective Salaries; and also an Account of the Number and Names of the Officers in each Department, with their Salaries, as they stood on the cth January 1779, distinguishing the Time when any ln-crease of the Number of such Officers, or their Salaries, was first made: And also,

An Account of the Officers and Employments under the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty’s Navy, existing on the 25th Day of 1705, with theif

respective Salaries; and also an Account of the Number and Names of the Officers, with their Salaries, as they stood on the January 1779, distinguishing

the Time when anf1 increase of the Number of such Officers, or their Salaries, were first made: Apd also. An Account of Officers and Employments existing on the 25th March 1705, in- the Department of the Office for Sick and Wounded Seamen, and for exchanging Prisoners of War; as also the Names and Salaries of Officers in that Department, as they stood on the 5th January 1779: And allb,

An Account, or Return to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the Number and Names of the Officers employed in the Hanaper Office, with their relpeCbive Salaries, as they stood on the 25th of October 1705, and also on the 5th of January 1779: And also.

An Account of the Offices and Employments under the Crown, existing on the 25th Day of 1705,

in the Department of the Auditor of the Exchequer, the Number of Officers employed at that Time in each, with their respective Salaries; and also an Account of the Number and Names of the Officers in each Department, with their Salaries, as they stood on the 5th Day of January distinguishing the

Time when any Increase in the Number of such Officers, or their Salaries, was first made: And also,

An Account of the Number of Officers, with their respective Salaries, employed in collecting the Duties of the Hawkers Office, as they stood on the 25th of ber 1705, distinguishing the Time when any Increase or Alteration has been since made, and shewing the Number and Names of the Officers in each Department, with their respective Salaries, as they stood on the 5th January 1779; And also,

An Account of the Offices and Employments in the Office of Ordnance: And also,

An Account of the Number and Names of the Officers under the Board of Ordnance: And also,

An Account of the Employments in His Majesty’s Mint, with the Salaries to each, in the Year 1705; also the Additions made thereto since that Time, with the Names of the Persons employed therein on the 5th January 1779: And also,

A State of the Salaries of the Officers in the General Port Office, on the 5th of July 1708, the Sum Total of which appears to be the same as in October 1705, but the Particulars of that Year cannot be made out: And also,

- A State of the Salaries of the Officers oh the Establishment of the General Pod Office, oh the 5th of January 1779: And also.

An Account of the Number and Names of the Persons in the Department of the Secretary at War, on the 5th January 1779, with their respective Salaries, distinguishing the Time when any Increase in the Number of such Persons, or in their Salaries, was first made, as far as the same can be prepared from any Documents in the War Office: And also,

6 Z Ati

54 6 i 0 Februarii.1780.

Account of An Account of the Offices and Employments ex-

O.-tueianii in the Salt Duties, on the acth 170c, the

tmployment*. £> r J \ . r

Number 01 Officers employed, with their respective Salaries; and also an Account of the Number and Names of the Officers, with their Salaries, as they flood on 5th January 1779, distinguishing the Tittle when any increase in the Number of such Officers, or their Salaries, was first nude: And also,

An Account of the Number of Officers employed in the Revenue of Excise, on the 25th 1705,

upon the London Establiftmient, with their respective Salaries; and also an Account of the Number and Names of the Officers on the London Establishment, with the Number and Names of Collectors, Supervisors, and the Number of inferior Officers in the Country, and their respective Salaries, on the 5th January 1779: And also.

An Account of the Offices and Employments in the Customs, existing on the 25th Day of October I/Oj, with the Number of Officers employed at that Time, and their respective Salaries: ArtcLalfo,

An Account of the Number and Names of the Officers of the Customs, with their Salaries, as they flood on the 5th Day ol January 1779; distinguishing the lime when any increase in the Number of such Officers, or their Salaries, was first made: And also,

An Account of the Officers and Salaries in His Majesty’s Office of Works, on the 25th Day of October 1705, and as they flood on the 5th January 1779: And also,

An Account of Offices and Employments in the Departments of the Secretaries of State for the Northern and Southern Departments: And also.

An Account of the Office of Lord George,

one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Comparative State of the " Office of Trade and Plantations on the 25th Day of October 1705, and the 5th Day of January 1779 And also,

An Account of the Offices and Employments in His Majesty’s Treasury, on the 25th of October 1705, the Number of Officers employed, with their respective Salaries; and also an Account of the Number and Names of the Officers, with their Salaries, as they flood on the 5th of January 1779, distinguishing the Time when any increase in the Number of such Officers, or their Salaries, was first made: And also,

An Account from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, of the Offices under their Management at their Commencement 1708, and as they flood on 5th January 1779, with the Officers Names and their Salaries, distinguishing the Time when any increase in the Number of such Officers, or their Salaries, was first made: And also.

An Account of the Offices and Employments under the Crown, existing on the 25th Day of October 1705, in Scotland, the Number of Officers employed at that Time in each, with their respective Salaries: And also.

An Account of the Offices and Employments under the Crown, existing on the 23d 1709, in Scotland, the Number of Officers employed at that Time in each, with their respective Salaries; and also an Account of the Number and Names of the Officers in each Department, with their Salaries, as they flood on the 5th Day of January last, distinguishing the Time when any increase of the Number of such Officers, or their Salaries, was first made: And also,

An Account of the Number and Names of the Established Officers in the Service of His Majesty’s Revenue of the Customs in Scotland, with their -Salaries, as they flood on the 5th Day of January 1779, distinguishing the Time when any increase in the Nuinbe^ of such Officers, or their Salaries, was first; made; to which is subjoined, a List of Incidental Officers, aad‘ their Salaries, as they flood on the 5th

of January 1779; as also a Copy of the Original Establtfitment at the 4th March 1 7; £: And also.

An Account of the Number and Names of the £fia-blished Officers in the Service of His Majesty’s Revenue of the Salt Duty in Scotland, vviih their Sn'an<;..;, as they flood on the 5th of January 1779, distinguish-ing the Time when any increase in the Number of such Officers, or their Salaries, was first made; to which is lubjoined, a List of Incidental Officers, and their Salaries, as they flood on tire 5th of January 1779; as also a Copy of the Original Establish* ment at tire tft of May 1714.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Papers.

And‘the said Lift was read. ' *

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers (except the Account of the Offices and Employments in the Office of Ordnance: and the Account of the Number and Names of the Officers under the Board of Ordnance) are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Note. The Account of the Offices and Employments in the Office of Ordnance; and the Account of the Number and Names of the Officers under the Board of Ordnance, not being prepared according to the Order of the House, were withdrawn the 15th of 1 February, and others pi eft n ted on the yth of March.

Sir henry Gough reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Mary Ruck, Spinster, notwithstanding her Minority, to convey, assign, and settle, her Real and Personal Estate, on her intended Marriage with fienjamiu Keene, Esquire, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Gough do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Counsel and Agents before^mentioned, being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House, One of the said Lifts which had been struck by the Counsel in his Preknee, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift, the Names of IViihan Pultensy and William Eden, Esquires, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows;

Sir John Griffin Griffin, Knight of the Bath,

Strahan, Esquire, John Elwes, Esquire, Temp eft,

Esquire, Frederick Montagu, Esquire, Ah el El-

quire, George Lewis Nawnham, Esquire, John Pringle, Esquire, Richard AldworthNeville, Esquire, Sir Philip

Jennings Clerke, Baronet, Sir Bare/, Baronet,

the Honourable Charles MarsharJohn Darker, Equire,

William Pulteuey, Esquire, William Eden, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of John Henderson, Esquire, eldest Son of Sir Robert Henderson, Baronet, now taken into Confederation, were (worn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Or cfered.

Ruck’s

Estate*.

Fife

Election*

Call of the Hoafc.

Duties on

Foreign

Tobacco,

Louth

Roads,

20 Geo. III. i° — 2°

547

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The Order of the Day, for the call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the House be now called over.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Amts attending this House, do go with the Mace into the Speaker’s Chambers, FPeJhninster Halt, the Court of Requests,

and Places adjacent, and I'ummon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was called over, and several of the Members appeared; and the Names of such Members as made Default to appear, were taken down.

And the Names of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared; and several of them were excused, fotne upon Account of their own Illness, or of the Death of a near Relation, as being in Parts beyond the Seas, or abienc in the Service of the Public. . *

Ordered, That the Names of such Members as have made Default to appear, and have not been excused, be again called over upon Sevenmght, the

Tenth Day of this ] nil am February.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom ic was referred, to consider of the Duties payable upon Foreign Prize Tobacco be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 2° die Februarii;

Anno 2o* Georgii III"* Regis, 1780. Puyeis.

SI R John Thorold reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several " Roads leading from the Town , in the County of Lincoln," was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the lyrh of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Phillips, Treasurer to the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution, produced to your Committee, a State of their Debt, to the Amount of the Sum of £.4,684; Part of which, he said, the Trustees have borrowed on the Credit ^of the Tolls and Duties by the said Act granted, and Part arises from the Interest: Money which has become due thereon being made Principal: That the First Year that the Subscribers received any Interest, they were paid only Three per Cent, and since that, no more than Two and an Half* and he has at present only £.11 in his Vot. $7.

Hands. He further said, That since the first of gufl last, the Trustees had laid out upwards of £. 200 on the Roads; and had only received for TclU£. 164:’

That the Money 1 borrowed has been applied towards repairing the said Roads, shod the several Tolls authorized to be taken, have been received and applied for the said Purpose, and keeping down the lmereft of the said Money borrowed; but there still remains a great Sum of Money due ano owing, the present Tolls and Duties being inlufhcient to pay the Principal Money and Interest, and to keep the fipd Roads in Repair.

That the great Inconveniences and Defers which occasion such Deficiency in the Tolls, arise from Two Restrictions in the said Act; the one, preventing the Trustees from erecting -any Gate within the Parish of Louth, except within One hundred Feet from the North-east End of Stanmore Hill Lane, in consequence of which Restriction, all Persons travelling from the Country, South and , South West of Louth, and who travel to the Canal, go almost Two Miles on the Road Toll-free. Which Space of Road, Mr.

Robert Hall, the Surveyor of the Roads, informed your Committee, was the most expensive Part of the Road, and cost near £. 200 a Mile making. Then;

Mr. Phillips being examined, laid, That the other Restriction is, that the Trustees have not a P-wvcr of letting up a Turnpike Gate nearer the Town of -cajile than at the North End of the Town of West Ajiiby.

And he added, That People travel Fifteen Miles -on tlus Road, paying only One Toll. And Mr. ing again examined, said. That the Materials upon many Parts of the Road were very expensive, and of a perillruble Nature, and the Advantage aiding by the Statute Duty was very ttrail. T en,

Mr. Phillips further said. That if the above-mentioned Restrictions writ- taken off, a {mail additional Toll granted, and the Term of the said Act further continued, it would add to the Security of the Creditors on the said Tolls, and the Trustees would be enabled more effectually to complete the Repair Of the said Roads, a:to the Country in general would be thereby benefited.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His pres'-m Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Louth,

" the County of LincolnAnd that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring ip, the fame.

The Lord Lijburne (from the Commissioners for ex- „ Navy ecuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great " ,rn’tei Britain) presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy for the Year 1780: And also, ’: -

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1780.

The Lord Lijburne also (from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain) presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copies of the Correspondence tjetween the Commissioners of the Admiralty and the Board of Ordnance, and the Reports made to those Boards from the Officers in their respective Departments, since the i ft of January 1778, relating to the Purchase of Prize Powder suppJied to His Majesty’s Ships in North America; together with the Proceedings had thereupon viz.

N* r©

V

I,

k

i° Februarii.

A. 1780.

fciper» N* i. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to the refecting Lieutenant General and principal Officers of the Ord-nze ow *r‘ nance, dated 21st May 1780: Inclosing, N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Lord Viscount to Mr. Stephens,‘dated 20th February 1778: And also,

N° 3, Copy of a Letter from Mr. Boddington, Secretary to the Board of Ordnance, to Mr.

dated 29th May 1778: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Boddington to Mr. Stephens, dated 5th May 1779: Inclosing,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Mr. John Grant, Commissary and Paymaster to the Royal Artillery in North America, to the principal Officers of the Ordnance, dated 26th December 1779.

N° 6. Copy of a Protest from Mr. John Grant, dated Province of New York in North the 24th December 1778.

JST® 7. Copies of Orders given by Rear Admiral Gambier, and of other Papers annexed thereto: And also.

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to the Lieutenant General and principal Officers of the Ordnance, dated ift April 1779: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens, to Rear Admiral Gambier, dated 20th December *779: And also,

N° 10. Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Gambier x.o Mr. Stephens, dated 16th January 1780: And all'o,

N° 11. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to the Lieutenant General and principal Officers of Ordnance, dated 27 January 1780.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the Titles of the said Estimates, and the said Lift, were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, and the said Pipers, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, and the other Estimate, are as followeth; viz.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1780.

jft. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto. ——

1.

3l

4-

5-

6.

7-

8.

9-

10.

11.

12.

*3-

M-

J5-

16.

*7-

> Yards.

Superannuated Sea Officers -»*--- Pensions and other Allowances -

r Chatham -

I Deptford -

I Woolwich -

Portsmouth -

Sheerness -

L Plymouth -

Muster Master, and other Officers of the Out Ports Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary - -

Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein -Charge of Harbour MooriogS, and Harbour Riggings -Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Buildings, (Ac. ——

Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers -

Bounty to Chaplains ——

Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen -

Docks, Wharfs,

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1780 £.

* d-

48,632 8 1

31,629 — 5

24,618 2 —

7,220 16 ti

32,1s2 5 5

15,558 2 6

35,700-----

101,120 — —

77,500----

1,231 17 6

10,008 14 9

>85>3Si 7 7

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1789, amounts to Three hundred Eighty-five thousand Three hundred and Eighty-one Pounds Seven Shillings and Seven Pence.

Cha' Middleton. EdvA Hunt.

J. Williams. W. Palmer.

Geo. Marsh. R. Temple.

T. Brett,

E. Le Cras.

Works; oJlil CI,arSe oFwIia* may be necessary for rh-d i , . , „ . Navy Office, 7th 1779;

Commons da ted r ^hat are proposed to be done upon^he HeadSf »n^. . of Ships of War, in His Mojcftys and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra

o Hons, dated the 30th past. Up n t,lc Heads of e‘r and 1 ear and Ordinary; for the Year 1 780: Prepared pursuant to an Order of the honourable House of

D

to'

I-h

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

o

0Q_-

ft

Place where.

Deptford

Veolwfeh

Chatham

Sheentefs P or if mouth

Plymouth

Gin*, s.

74

64

3

22

74

64

5°

33

5°

98

64

5°

44

32

74

64

98

74

50

24

90

84

100

98

74

64

5°

20

74

Ship}* Names.

Goliath -Magnanime -Standard Flora -Myrmidon - -New - .

Sampson -

Enropa -Minerva Mermaid New.

Diadem -

Leander Dolphin Amp hi on Bel Iona - -New - - .

Polyphemus - -

*W;// George IVnr rior

Bulwark - -Leopard -

Crocodile - -Eurydice - -

Barfieur -

ityw/ William -

Royal Sovereign Glory -Cre far -Anson -Medusa - -

NarciJJus - -

Hero -A>;// - - .

..... . Time when may be Charge of their

Nature of their Hulls, Masts, and Yards. 1 Rigging and Stores. i total.

Repair. T*ken in Hand. Completed,

£ / L-

- - Building - In Hand - - - July 1781 - - - 4,000 1,000 5,00°

- - Building- - In Hand - August next - 16,394 7,000 23,3-94

- - Ordered to be built - November 1781 - 4,000 - - - 4,000

- Building - In Hand - - - February next - - 5,000 5>°5° 10,050

- - Ordered to be built ... September next - 6,coo 3,000 9,000

- - Proposed to be set up - - - 1,500 - — - 1,500'

- - Building - - - - In I land - December 1780- - I3>393 3.647 17,040

- - Building - - - - In Hand - Uncertain - - 3,000 2, COO 5,000

- - Building - - - In 1 land - - April next - - - 5,400 3*3co 8,700

- - 1 Building - In Hand - - - Uncertain - - - - 1,200 1,400 2,600

- - Proposed to be let up - - - 2,000 " — — 2,000

- - Building- - - - In Hjyul - Uncertain - - - 10,000 - - - 10,000

- - Building - - - - In Hand - Uncertain - - - - 6,000 6,000

- - Building- - - In Hand - Attgujl next - 7,000 4,500 11,500

- - Building - In Hand - Uncertain - - - 6,000 3,°oo 9,000

- _ Building- - In Hand - - - Uncertain - - - 3. oco 1,000 4,000

- - L-arge Repair - - In Hand - May next - - - 6,oco 3.400 9,400

- - Proposed to be set up - - - 2,000 - 2,000

- - Building- - - In Hand - - - Uncertain - - - - 10,000 3,000 13,000

- Building - In Hand - Uncertain - - - 6,000 - - - 6,000

- - Building- - In Hand - September next - - i6,coo 5>100 21,100

- - Ordered to be built - Uncertain - - - 1,000 - 1,000

- Building- - In Hand - Uncertain - - 2,000 r 2,000

- - Building- - - In Hand - May next - - - 800 I?40C 2,200

- - Building- - - - In Hand - May next - - - 1,000 i>7°° 2,700

- - Small Repair In Hand - - - February next - - - 2,000 5*100 7,100

- - \ Between Middling? 1 and LargeRepair j February next Uncertain - - - - 14,000 4>°94 18,094

- - Building - - - - In Hand - - - December 1783 - 9,000 - 9,000

- - Building- - - In Hand - Uncertain - - - 500 - - - 500

- - Ordered to be built April 1780 - - 0 Bober 1785 - - 7,000 - - - 7,00a

- - Buil 4 - rj> In Hand - April 17 81 - - - - 9,000 - - - 9,000

- - Budding - In Hand - - Uncertain - - 500 - - - 5°°

- - Building- - - In Hand - - - September next - - - 2,000 3,coo 5,000

- - Large Repair - - In Hand - Apyl next - - 7,000 6,700 13,700

- - 1 Middling Repair - In Hand - - - December 1780 mm 19,000 2,700 21,700

1 Total King’s Yards - - £ 208,687 71,091 279,778

On

4*

'O

ao Geo. III. ss6 Februarii.

M E R. CHANTS' YARDS.

itiver Thames at m «» 74 Fortitude - - - Building - - - - In Hand - May nexi - - - 10,080 7,600 17,680

64 Sceptre - - - Building - - - - In Hand - - - April iq'&i - - - - 12,400 12.400

44 Assurance - - - Building - - In Hand - - - , June next - - - 5,836 5,cco 10,836

33 Latona - - - Building - - - In Hand - - January 1781 - - 9*945 5,000 14.945

64 Dictator - - Building - - In Hand >- j Oclcber 1781 - - 9,920 2,000 11,920.

32 Juno ' - - - Building - - In Hand - May next - - - 7*365 4,200 11,565

64 Africa - - - Building - - - In Hand - - - February 1781 - - 12,400 6,000 18,400

New - - - - Agreed lor to be built October 1^82 - - 5,000 - 5,000

52 Orpheus - - - - Building - In Hand - - - March next - - - 6,800 4,2CO 11,000

64 Beiliqueux - - - Building - - - In Hand - Augiiji next - - - 9*394 5,600 14.994

Crown - - m' m - Building - - In Hand - - - February 1782 - - - 15,100 2,700 17,800

Gravefe - m Sloop > 16 j Building - - - > In Hand - - - December 1780 - 2,871 2, ICO 4,97*

Dover m Fireship New Agreed for robe built February 1781 - - - j 3>5°0 7,000 4,500

— New - - - Agreed for to be built March 1781 - - 3»5°° 1,000 4,500

Miftley - 32 Iphigenia - - Building - - - In Hand - - March 1781 - - 4,640 1,000 5,640

Harwich - 74 lrrejijlible _ Building - - - - In Hand - - - September 1781 - - 9»5*° I,5°0 11,010

64 Inflexible - Building - - - - In Hand - March next - 5>924 3>5°° 9.424

East Cowes - A — Reful/e - Building - - - - In Hand - - June next - - - * 1',4*5 5.656 17,141

3* - Building - - - - In Hand - April i 781 - - - 3,600 1,000 4,600

Northern 64 Stately - Building - In Hand - - June 1782 - - - 7.350 - - - 7.35°

32 A£live - Building - - - In Hand - A ngufl next - - - 7>°44 .3,800 10,844

Burfledon — - /o* - - Building - - - - In Hand - August next - - - - 5*739 3,800 9.539

64 Ardent - - Agreed for to be built April 1783 - - - - 7.440 - - - 7,440

32 Quebec - - - - Agreed for to be built October 1781 - - 4,800 - - - - 4,800

Bucklerjhard - - 64 Agamemnon - - - - Building - - - - In Hand - - - October next - - r 19.438 5.656 25,094

Bristol - . - 44 Diomede . _ _ Agreed for to be built Attgujl 1781- - V- - 3*420 - - - 3,420

1 — 1 38 Arethusa - - - - Building - In Hand - - - February 1781 — - - . 8,5510 4,268 12,768

cq‘ 1 1 Howdenpans - - 44 Argo - Building - - - In Hand - - - November next - - - 10,760 4,268 !5,02t

n‘ CD Liverpool - „ 23 Dedalus - Building - - - In Hand - March next - - 5.555 4,000 9»555

Q_ CT Sloop 7 14 I Alligator - - - - Building - In Hand - September next - - - 3,200 2,100 5,3°°

n T J 32 Success - Building - In Hand - - - December 1780 - - - 6,764 4,000 10,764

U V 5° Affijiance - - - - Building - - - - In Hand - - November next - - - I3,0I4 4,563 17*577

0 32 Ceres - - Building - - - In Hand — - - March 1781 5,000 1,000 6,000

00^ Total Merchants’ Yards < 257,294 96,5 II 353,805

FT Total King’s Yards - - - 208,687 71,091 279,778

Grand Total ----- *1 465,581 167,602 633,583

550 2 FebruariA. 1780.

oj Pirtfumth

Plymouth -

D

CQ

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

On Works of the Yards:

To 500 Feet running Length of Stone Wharf to the West Side of the Watering Istand -To 116 Feet running Length of Stone Wharf to East and West Sides of the Camber -To 275 Feet running Length of Stone Wharf in the Boathouse Channel

To completing the Rigging House ——

To completing the Storehouse for fitted Rigging ——

To completing Four new Houses for the Surgeon, Boatswain, Clerk of the Rope Yard, and Mailer Roptfmaker -To Building a new Hejnphouse ——

13,200

3>3co

5,760

5.79°

4,900

1,250

S>'$°

o

w

o

Towards completing the Wharf, and Town Drain at the Back of it. Building a.Cabin for the Matter Boatbuilder, a Pitch House, and Steam Trunk for the Use of the Boathouse, on the North Side of the Mali Pond, in Front of the new Boaihouies -Towards completing Two Bays of Boathouses, and forming a Slip in Fi‘int of them -

Towards completing Three Bays of Top and Capstand Houses, and a Slip in Front of them ——

Towards carrying up Five Walls for forming the Locks, making the Locks in the Matt Pond, and completing the same -

Towards erecting a Mould Loft, and Five Bays of Plank Houses over the Locks -

Towards completing a Bridge at the East End of the new Mafthouse -

Towards Building the new Barracks for Marines at Stone/mfe, near Plymouth -

2,300

1,200

75®

5,700

4.35®

690

10,000

ABSTRACT.

For the Ships in His Majesty’s Yards

For the Ships in Merchants Yards - -

Towards the Improvements in the Yards

J Hulls....

I Rigging and Stores -V Hulls - -

I Rigging and Stores -

c

208,687 7 71,091 j

257>294 1 96,511 I

Grand Total - -

Total - 64,320

Grand Total - - h7’9°3

£ - - 279,778"

- - 353> 5

- £. 697..903

o

Viz. The Sum of Six hundred Ninety-seven thousand Nine hundred and Three Pounds.

Chef Middleton. T. Brett.

% Williams. Edw* Hunt.

W. Bateman. Ji. Temple.

Geo. Marsh. E- Le G as.

c_n

cr»

5 5 -2 2° Februarii. . 1780.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perufed by the Members of the House.

Mansfield A. Petition of the Trustees for executing an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the lteign of King George the Second, intituled, " An «Act for repairing " and widening the High Road leading from the Town " of Mansfield, in the County of , through

" the Towns of Pleafie', and

menton, and the Liberty of to the Turn-

" pike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the " Town of Chefierfieldin the County of Derby," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have made great Progress in repairing and widening the Road therein described, and have borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, which Hill remains due; and that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring, and further Provisions and Powers are wanting (the said Act being in many Particulars very deficient) in order that the said Road may be completely repaired, and the good Purposes intended by the said Act effectually answered: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to in bring a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Bent huh, Mr.

Medows, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Brixworth A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Inctoture. thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Brixivorlh, otherwise in "the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Estates of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the fame, together with the said Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted amongst the several Persons entitled thereto, in lieu of and in Proportion to their Lands, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests therein, great Advantage would arise to the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Powys and Mr.' Knightley prepare, and bring in,

the lame.

Grewtlthorp A Petition of the Right honourable Sir John Inclosure. riche, of Ribfionc, in the County of York, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Gin the said County, and of several other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Manor, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Manor, certain Moors or Commons, or Tracts of Waste Ground, uninclosed, called Grewelthorp High Moor, Grewelthorp Lozv Moor, and Ov.llaypotts, containing, by Eft imation, 1,700 Acres, or thereabouts, which are capable of being greatly improved, if the same were inclosed and divided amongst the several Proprietors, in Proportion to their Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Goodricke and Mr. Daniel Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Xeath holders, and other Inhabitants of the Parishes of Neath, Road< Cadoxton, and Landwick, in the County of Glamorgan, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Neath and Penllyr Caficll by Felin Fro, over

Wain Kaegurwen to the Banks of the River,

in the Parish of Langwick, in the said County, and the Road leading from the said Road, at or near a Smith’s Shop situated on Wain Kaegurwen, by wen Mill, to join the Turnpike Road leading from diio Fawr, in the County of Carmarthen, to the Con-

fines of th.e County of Glamorgan, and the Road leading from a Place called Bzvlch-y bryn-d,in the Parish of Langwick, to join the Road aforesaid leading over Wain Kaegurwen, are in a very ruinous Condition, in some Parts founderous, and in many Parts extremely narrow, incommodious for Travellers, and impafl’able for Carriages, for Want of a sufficient Width, with very steep Ascents, which cannot be effectually altered, repaired, and widened, by the ordinary Courie of Law:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, and for building and keeping in Repair a Bridge or Bridges over the River Amman aforesaid, with such further and other Powers as may be necessary and proper to carry the same into Execution, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vernon, Sir* Herbert Mack-worth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth anil Forth and Clyde Navigation, was presented to the House, N and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, made in the av s Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal, from the Firth or River of Forth to the Firth or River of Clyde, the said Company were empowered to make and complete the said Navigation, and to receive certain Tolls and Duties for the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, upon the said Cut or Canal, and are also empowered to lower the Tolls thereby granted upon all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, but have no Authority vested in them to make a partial Reduction upon any particular Species of heavy Goods that may be carried and conveyed thereon; and that, if the said Company were empowered to reduce any Part of the said Tolls or Duties, they apprehend it would tend to facilitate the Purposes of the said Act, as well as be

attended

XeWb Two Permies

Scots.

20 GeO. III. 2° Februar553

attended with gTeat Advantages to Persons navigating upon the said Cut or Canal; and that several other Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made in the said Act: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring m a Bill for the above Purposes, Under such Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the find Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Gilbert Elliot reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies or One Sixth

Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scot's Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a Bridge crols the River Tweed, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and of several other Persons, being Inhabitants of the said Town of Kelso, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; whereby it appeared. That the Duty thereby granted was to commence and have Continuance from and after the 24th Day of June 1759, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and to the End of the Then next Session of Parliament, for the Purposes of building and compleating the said Bridge, repairing the Streets of the said Town, and procuring and conveying to proper Places within the said Town, a sufficient Supply of fresh and wholesome Water; and building and erecting a Workhouse for maintaining and employing the Poor of the said Town and Parish: And,

Sir James Douglas informed your Committee, That the Trustees appointed by the said Act, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have cauled the said Duty to be regularly collected; but although the same has been expended with the utmost Frugality, the Whole thereof (together with a considerable Sum of Money which has been borrowed, and dill remains due, upon the Credit of the said Act) has been applied in finishing and compleating the said Bridge only, and the Trustees have net yet been able to proceed in any of the other Works directed by the said Act to be performed; which Works would be of great Advantage to the said Town, and of public Utility; but the same cannot be done, and the Money due as aforesaid be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued, there being no other Revenue belonging to the said Town.

And the Witness produced to your Committee, a Certificate of the Overseers appointed by the said Act to audit the Accounts of the Trustees; by which it appeared, that they had considered the Receipts and Disbursements vouched by the Books and Accounts of the Trustees, and the Building of the Bridge, and found that the Money had been applied as directed by the said Act, and there had been no Misapplication or Embezzlement thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth " Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every s Pint of " Ale, Porter, and Beer, which shall be brewed for " Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town VOL.37.

" of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a " Bridge cross the River Tweed, and for other Pupposes therein-mentioned And that Sir Gilbert Elliot and Sir John Paterson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in execution Two Acts of Parliament, made in the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fishertonbridge to- the Turnpike Road at

Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoy/e, and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Redhone Hill.in the Parish of to the Mile

Stone at the Western End of Street, in the County of Wilts, and also of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls; which, together with the Tolls, have been applied in repairing the said Roads; but the same cannot be kept in good Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts is enlarged; and that Part of the Road in the said Town of Wilton is very narrow and unsafe for Passengers, and, in order to widen and render the same convenient and safe, it will be necessary to empower the said Trustees to purchase and take down a House of small Value, in the Possession of James Bland, and to purchase and lay into the said Road a small Parcel of Ground belonging to Sander Sidford: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

Anti it is referred to Mr. Mr. Goddard,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, ac Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Housholders and Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Mile End down, in the Parish of Saint Dun fan Stebonheath, otherwise Stepney, in 'the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Poor of the said Hamlet

7 o #

are very numerous, and are maintained and supported by the Inhabitants thereof, at a very great Expence, separately and apart from the said Parish, and without any affiltance from the same, inso much that they have unavoidably contracted a considerable Debt for the Relief of the said Poor, which they can never be able to discharge, unless Power be granted them by the House, to raise a Sum of Money sufficient for that Purpose j and that the building, or hiring, and furnishing a Workhouse, for the better governing, regulating, employing, and maintaining the said Poor, would be a Means of their being more effectually relieved and provided for, and be a great Eai’e and Convenience to the Inhabitants; and that the piefent Mode of assessing the Monies for the Relief of the Poor of the said Hamlet, hath been found inconvenient and oppressive to the lower Sort of Inhabitants; and there are many Houses in the said Hamlet let in separate Apartments, or ready-furnished to Lodgers, which burthen the said Hamlet with a great Number of casual Poor, and from the Occupiers of which little or no Money can be raised, upon any Poors Rate made for the said Hamlet, to the great Detriment of many industrious Families, who now p&y

7 B towards

Fisherton

Bridge*

tiC.

Road.

Mile End Poor.

Accounts; Lind Tax Arrears.

Produce of the Land Tax.

Lift of the Receivers General of the Land Tax.

Tax upon Servant*.

House Tax.

Tax upon Port Horses.

Lift of Inspectors of the House Tax.

R«-coinage of Gold.

Lands fold in the Ceded Ifonds.

554

3° Februarii.

A 1780.

towards the Relief of the said Poor, and of the rest of the Inhabitants in general j the evil Tendency of which would be remedied, if some further Powers were given to regulate the Mode of assessing the Monies to be raised for the Relief of the said Poor, and to charge the Landlords of the said Houses let in Tenements, instead of the Occupiers thereof, and for enforcing the Payment of the same as the Necessity of the same may require; and that the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and Open Passages and Places within the said Hamlet, are not properly paved, nor sufficiently cleansed, lighted, or watched; and it would tend greatly to the Safety and Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, and of all Persons resorting thereto, if the same were properly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and the Obstructions therein, and in passing to and from the same, removed, and an able Watch provided and kept for the Security of the said Hamlet in the Night Time: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, or to grant the Petitioners such other Aid as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George , Mr. By tig.

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of what Arrears of Land Tax were {landing out at Lady Day last, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Land Tax, for the last Ten Years, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

Forfeited

Estates.

Islanda, the Persons to whom fold, the Time of Sale, and the Sums for which the same were respectively fold, specifying what Part of the Purchase Money has been paid.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of what Part of the Forfeited Estates in Great Britain have been fold, to whom, the Time of Sale, the Sums for which the same were respectively fold, and what Part of the Purchase Money has been paid.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of all Charges attending the hiring of Transports by the Navy Board, by Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Ditto, particular Account of" all Charges attending the hiring of Transports by Messieurs Mure, Son, and

Tnnfpom.

Subsistfiice of the Foret! in Amwici.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Minutes made by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, from 31st May to this Day inclusive, reipeding the providing sufficient Quantities of Money for the Subsistence His Majesty’s Forces in North America.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co- Aniclec pies of all Minutes made by the Lords Commissioners proviaed of His Majesty’s Treasury, from the 31st May 177710 _ u?0" this Day inclusive, respetfeing the providing of various *'omn) oa‘ Articles upon Commission for the of Government.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of all Profits and Advantages arising of Spanish by or upon all Monies issued to be inverted in the and Purchase of Spanish and Portugal Coins, to be remitted for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North America, from the aoth Day of December 177010 this Day inclusive, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Names of the present Receivers General of the Land Tax, and their respective Sureties, and the 15*. Sums for which they are respectively bound.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co. Ptymsfia’i pies of the Paymaster’s Receipts for £. 3,636,139. Receipts;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Tax upon Servants, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the late Tax upon Houses, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Ditto. Lift of Paymaster’s Receipts for Money remitted to North America, for the LJle of His Majesty’s Forces, since the last Account furnished.

to Anierict

Bills of Exchange drawn on

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of the Gross and Net Produce of same were respectively drawn, the Tax upon Poll Horses, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of all Bills of Exchange that have been drawn from North America, upon Messieurs Harley and Drummond, for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces there, from the 29th of November 1770 to this Day inclusive, spe- Drummond. drying the Dates, Drawers’ Names, Time of Payment, in Favour of whom, with the Exchanges at which the

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Persons appointed Surveyors and Insepctors of the House Tax, with the additional Salaries allowed to . each.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of all Charges attending the late Re-coinage of Gold in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of all Lands fold in Ike Ceded ‘7

Subfifcoce of the Forces ia America;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of all Allowances made to the Clerks or Agents of the Persons employed for providing sufficient Quantities of Money for the Subsistence of His />

Majesty’s Forces in North America, from the 20th Day toCicks. of December 1770 to this Day inclusive. *

1

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of such former Paymasters General of His - Accounts of

jesty’s Forces, whose Accounts yet remain unfetf/ed, specifying the Sums they respectively had in Hand at the Gener'

Time of their quitting the Office, and what Sums have been paid in Discharge of the fame.

Ordered,

1

«!t

Sums issued to American iommifiarics.

i;

Vfh- Warwick, fcc.

Roads.

;cc

Or.

Vi

c,a:

:5

iV

*r

*i

C>, v

ffl!

Oj

J:

;i*

:jd >*%

'j. ’*

f ''

1

J „|-J

Ty msen Road.

20 Geo. III. 2 0 Februarii555

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money issued to the respective Commissaries in North for the Use of

His M:\jest y’s Forces there, specifying the Dates, Sums, and Names of the respective Commissaries, from 20th

November 1770 to this Day inclusive.

Sir Thomas Skipwith reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, one made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Warwic to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, and other Roads therein-mentioned; and the other made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stow in the Wold to Halford Bridge aforesaid, and

other Roads therein-mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, 10 the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. William Hunt being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed by the first-mentioned Act, have proceeded in the Execution of so much thereof as relates to the Roads between the Street Bridge in or near Warwick and Halford Bridge, and between Long

Bridge and Stratford upon Avon, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls collected upon the same Roads; which Money, together with the said Tolls, have been applied towards the Repairs thereof; but the same cannot be kept in good Repair, and the Money now due be repaid, unless the Term of the same Act, so far as relates to the said Roads between West Street Bridge and Ha ford Bridge, and between Long Bridge and Stratford upon Avon, be further continued, and l'ome additional Powers given for those Purposes. He further said, That the said Roads might be better repaired, if the Provisions ne-ccssary for that Purpose were reduced into and made one Act of Parliament.

And the Witness added, That so much of the Roads eompriled in the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of his late Majesty, as lies between Halford Bridge and Paddle Brook (being about Four Miles in length,) might be better repaired if the same was put under the Care of the same Trustees as the said Roads between Street

Bridge and Halford Bridge, and between Long Bridge and Stratford upon Avon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads from Warwick to Paddle Brook, and from Long Bridge to Stratford upon Avon, in the Counties of Warwick and that Sir Thomas Skip wit It and Sir Charles Holte do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Petition of the Creditors and Trustees of Holywell and Flint Turnpike Districts, in the County of and other the Gentlemen and Clergy, and Owners and Occupiers ot Lands, and Inhabitants, residing near or contiguous to the.Road branching out of Flint Turnpike at or near Ty maen, in the Parish of Whit ford ,in the said County, and extending itself from Ty maen aforesaid through the Towns of Newmarket and Rhuddlan in the said County, and over or across a certain Marshcalled Rhuddlan to the Town of Abergeley in the County of Denbigh, being an Vol. 37.

Extent of about Thirteen Miles of a direct Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for amending, widening, draining, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge in the " County of Flint, and from the Town of Mold to " Northop, Holywell, and Rhud, in the same County, " and from thence to the Ferry House opposite the " Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon, and " from Ruthin to the said Town of Mold," the said Road from Ty maen through the Town of Rhuddlan and over Rhuddlan Marsh to the said Town of was made Part of the Turnpike Roads erected by that Act; and that above Eleven Miles of the said Thirteen, viz. so much thereof as extends from Ty maen aforesaid to that Side of Rhuddlan Marsh next Abergeley, was by that Act made Part of Holywell District, and the rest, being near Two Miles, extending from that Side of the said Marsh to the said Town of Abergeley, was made Part of Conway District, and the Term of the said Act expired at the End of the last Session of Parliament; and that by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of " the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for " repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate in the " Township of Greenfield, to the North Limits of the " Towndvp of Mojlyti, and from to Henllan,

" and from Lanerch y Mor to Fordd Waen, in the

" Counties of Flint and Denbig, and for extending the " the said Act to several other Roads in the said Counties and the County of Carnarvon, and for taking " several Roads within the said Counties, out of the " Power of the Trustees appointed by Two several " Acts of Parliament of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, and for putting the " laid Roads under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said former and this present Act ;" the Turnpike Roads in the Holywell, and Conway Dif-trifts were ( along with the said and another District,) put under the Direction of the Trustees of Mostyn District appointed by the said Acts of the Ninth and Eleventh of His present Majesty’s Reign, for a Term which will expire about the Year 1812, except as to the aforesaid Road of about Thirteen Miles in Length, which, being omitted in the said Act of the Eleventh of His present Majesty, ceased to be a Turnpike Road in 1779, the same never having been repaired or made palfable for Carriages, although eompriled in the said Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, the Tolls having been lcarce sufficient to repair the other Part of the Roads, besides defraying the Interest of the Money borrowed; and that the said Road, of about Thirteen Miles in Length, from Ty maen through Rhuddlan, and over Rhuddlan Marsh, to Abergeley, is in a ruinous and dangerous Condition, and the Part called Rhuddlan Marsh is totally impalpable for Carriages; and that the repairing, widening, and making thereof, would not only be very beneficial to the Inhabitants residing near the fame, but would also be of public Utility, and particularly of great Advantage in Point of Expedition, Cheapness, Satety, and Accommodation, to all Persons going to and coming from Ireland, through Chesterand Holyhead, the Road from Holywell to Aber-geley, over the said Marsh being wholly in the direct Way, shorter by Six Miles, and leveller, and freer from Hills and Snow, than the present Irijk Road between Holywell and Abergeley, besides the Saving in paying at Two Turnpike Gates only instead of Five, and the Road from London to Holyhead through Chester being shorter by Thirteen Miles than by any other Rout; and that the said Road of about Thirteen Miles from Ty maen aforesaid to the said Town of

Abergeley,

Finford

Bridge

o

to

Banbury

Roud.

Banbury

t)

Edvehill

Ruad.

, Vo Member to be able t 'v shout leave

a0 Februarii. 1780.

Abergdey, particularly that Part which leads over Rhiuld/an Marsh, cannot be effectually amended and repaired by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That the said Road from mam to geley, over the said Marsh, be constituted again a Turnpike Road, but as a separate District, by putting the same under the Power and Direction of the Trustees appointed and to be appointed by the afore-hid Acts passed in the Ninth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and that all and every jjie Authorities, Powers, Articles, Rules, Penalties, Exemptions, Provisoes, and Clauses therein-contained, shall be and continue in Force for the amending, widening, draining, and keeping in Repair of the said Road, and other the Purposes relative thereto; and that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, in such Manner as to the fioufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names Shenningwa are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, lnc^"r#‘ and otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of , in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are most of them inconveniently situated with respect to the Houses of the Petitioners, and in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and, it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the said Field, Lands, and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Owners and Proprietors thereof, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Chester and Sir William Gnife do prepare, and bring in the feme.

Tii;£ Jru'

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from The Cross of Hand near Bridge, in

the County of Warwick, through the Town of in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford; and from The Guide Post in the Village of Adder bury, in the same County, through

Kidlington, to The Mile Way leading towards the City of Oxford-, and also the Road leading from a Place called The Two Mile Tree, near the City of Oxford, over Gosford, otherwise Gojjkrd Bridge, to a certain Gate entering upon Weston on the Green, in the said County, so far as the same relates to the Road leading from The Cross of Hand near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of in the feme County, to the Borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford; was reacf a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Hkifniith, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. St John reported trom the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Tiventy-tixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " widen and repair the Road from The Guide Post " near the End of Drayton Lane, near Banbury, in the County of Oxford, to the House called The Sun " R sing, at the Top of Edge in the County of

" wick," was committed; That the Committee had examined ihc Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to go out of Town without the Leave of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Contrafts made by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or others, on the Public Account, for the Supply of Bread and Flour to His Majesty’s Troops, or any of them, serving in Great Britain, from the lft oi January 1777 to the lft of February 1780.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of effective Men to whom Bread and Flour have been served during the said Time, according to the said Contrafts.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a par- Account; ticular Account of the Expenditure of the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, voted for Contingencies of the Army for the Year 1778.

A Petition of Richard Johnson, Esquire, an Infant, Thornton under the Age of Twenty-one Years, Lord of the Ma- *acloluiT‘ nor of Thornton, in the North Riding of the County of York, and also Owner of divers Messuages, Cottages, |

or Scites thereof, Oxgangs, or Parcels of Land, Tenements, and Premises, within the Lordship or Manor of Thornton aforesaid (by Josiah Maynard, Esquire, his next Friend and Guardian) and of the Reverend Joint Ward, Clerk, lleftor of the Rectory or Parish Church ot Thornton aforesaid, and the said josiah Maynard, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of other Estatesand Hereditaments there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Lord(1)ip or Manor of Thornton, several Open Fields, called Botton Field, Town End Field, or Middle Field, and The Far Field, containing by Estimation Eight hundred Acres; and that the several Properties in the said Open Fields lie intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of much Improvement; and that there are also' within the said Lordship or Manor, several large and extensive Commons, Carrs, or Waste Grounds, the Soil whereof belongs to the said Richard Johnson, as Owner or Lord of the said Manor, and to the Owners of ancient Messuages or Cottages within the said Lordship or Manor; and that it would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested in the said Open Fields, Commons, Carrs, or Waste Grounds, if the same were inclosed, and divided into specific Al« lotments, and exempted from Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues: And therefore praying. That Leave

may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, and

ContriSi for Bread and flour.

'"ttafii

to

Nucf

fc

kb

’i'rade of Ireland.

Stock bridge to

Winchester, See. Roads.

20 Geo. III.

for making a Compensation to the Persons entitled to the Great and Small Tythes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues arising within the Lordship or Manor of Thornton aforesaid, and for other Purposes to be therein contained, in such Manner as to the House shall leeni meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Daniel Lascelles and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to allow the Trade between Ireland and the Britljh Colonies and Plantations in America, and

The West Indies, and the Brili/k Settlements on the

Coast of Africa, to be carried on in like Manner as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Settlements, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lari of Drogheda took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Earl of Drogheda reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Howfe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put into Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of in the County of Southampton, to the City of " and from the said City through Belltnour Lane to " the Top of Stephens Castle Down, near the Town " of Bishops Waltham, in the said County, and from " the said City of Winchesterthrough Otterborne, to Bargate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton," was pretented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and great Progress has been made in repairing the said Roads; and, in pursuance of the Powers vested in them by the said Act, have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied in repairing and amending the said Roads; but the Money owing cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be effectually amended and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof varied, altered, and enlarged; and that, if the Road from the City of through Otter-

home, to Bargate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, being Part of the Roads di-

redted by the said Act to be repaired, was divided into separate Diflridls, the Petitioners apprehend it would contribute greatly to the more speedy and effectual Reparation of the said Road: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Benton, Mr. Minchin,: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have -Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol. 37.

557

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to \’i,tes 3r resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Bacon; according to Order, reported from the Privilege. Committee of Privileges, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the several Complaints made to the House, upon the Tenth and Seventeenth Days of December last (that the Duke of Chandos, a Peer of Parliament, and Lord Lieutenant of the County of Southampton, had ligned several Letters with his own Hand respecting the then ensuing Election for the said County, thereby concerning himself in the said Election, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, and in Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain) together with the Refactions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

To prove what is alleged in the said Complaints, the Seven Letters mentioned therein, were delivered in to your Committee; and Five of them being shewn to the Persons to whom they were addressed (the other Two not attending the Committee) Four of the said Persons said they had received them by the Poll, and the other Person laid* he had received a Letter to that Purpose; but could not say that was it, as it had been out of his Custody, but he believed it was.

The said Five Letters were traced by your Committee from the Hands of the Persons to whom they were addressed, into the Hands of the Member who delivered them in to your Committee. Then,

Mr. William Lawless being called before your Committee, and the several Letters mentioned in the Complaints, being shewn him, said, That he wrote them all himself, and saw the Duke of Chandos sign them; and that he had written 3 or 400 such Letters, moll of which were ligned in his Pretence.

Mr. Coulfton, Inspector of the Bye Days at the General Poll Office, being examined, laid. He had never seen the Duke write. — Being shewn the Super-feriptions of the Letters, said, he believed, from the Number he had seen, they were the Duke’s Hand Writing; that he had passed them as franked; and that when he law any which he suspected, he charged them.

Then Five of the said Letters were read, and appeared to relate to the said Election. — And the Resolution of the House, upon the 26th Day of November last, " That it is a high Infringement of the " Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord " Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves " in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament," was also read.

Upon the Whole, your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That James Bridges, Duke of Chandos, a Peer of Parliament, and Lord Lieutenant of the County of Southampton, has concerned himself in the late Election of a Knight of the Shire for the said County.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comnflt-tee. That James Bridges, Duke of Chandos, a Peer of Parliament, and Lord Lieutenant of the County of Southampton, has been guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House, and an Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Britain.

7 C And

2° Februa

558

2° — 3® F

A. 1780.

And a Motion being made* and the Question being propoted. That the said Report be taken into further Consideratioa upon this Day Four Months;

The House was moved. That the Resolution of this House, of the afith Day of November last:, " That " it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great , for any

" Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of " any County, to concern themselves in the Elections " of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the iSth Day of November

lowing East India Goods, condemned as Prize at any Out Port, to be removed to London for Sale; and for the Removal of Prize Goods for Exportation, ' is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Chiplam the Reverend Doctor Allanfon, Chaplain to this House, thanked for for the Sermon by him preached upon Monday last, prcachin2 before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster.

before the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the 1701, of the Proceedings of the House, upon taking House by the Lord , upon the First and Eighth into Consideration the Complaint of Sir John Packing- Days of December last, relating to the Trade of Ireland, tost, against the Lord Bishop of ITorceJlerznd Mr. Lloyd Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

his Son, relating to the Rights and Privileges of the Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee,

house of Commons, might be read. Mr. Shaker resumed the Chair.

And the feme was read accordingly. Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That

Then the Question being put. That the said Report they had come to several Resolutions; which they had he taken into further Consideration upon this Day Four directed him to report, when the House will please to

receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Tndc of Ireland

Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Trite for the Yeas,* Mr- .

Tellers for the N0esi"%A'^anS; ", W^} (Sir jofepn: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

]-87.

3°-

Landing of A Bill for extending the Provisions of Two Acts, Prize Guo.b. made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to S Prize Goods; and for repealing so much of the said Lift-mentioned Act, as relates to the Certificates for Prize Tea and East India Goods, exported from this Kingdom to Ireland; for allowing East India Goods, condemned as Prize at any Out Port, to be removed to London for Sale; and for the Removal of Prize Goods for Exportation; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejched, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Dit;o. Mr- Bacon, according to Order, rcpoited from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties payable upon Foreign Prize Tobacco; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as lolloweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee,

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

S»ppb-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- W»v$ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Mm.ii. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 30 die Februarii;

Anno 20* Georgii IIIti! Regis, 17S0.

Lift,

Prayers.

SIR John Thorold presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening several Roads leading " from the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Louth

Roadi.

Kelso

j - . , - , - Sir John prerented to the House, according

Thar all Tobacco, of the Growth, Product, or Ma- to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Ptnnic

nu failure of any Foreign Colony or Plantation, which an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign cot‘

harl) been, or shall be. taken and condemned as Friz?, of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

be liable to the same Duties as Tobacco of the Growth, " An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or

of a Penny Sterling,

Product, or Manufacture of any British Cuiony or Plantation in Amerlcp, is or may be liable to by Law.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by tire House.

Ordend, That it be an Ir.strudion to the Committee of tire whole House, to whom the Bill for extending the Provi lions i of Two Acts, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and in the last Sdfton of Parliament, with respect to bringing Prize

" One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every " Scot's Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, which shall be " brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, " within the Town of Kefo, in the Shire of Roxburgh, " for finishing a Bridge cross the River 'Tweed, and " for other Purposes therein mentionedAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

______ _.r_„ __ a-o Mr. Bacon presented to the House» according to

Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods; and Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the inclourt,

for repealing so much of the said last mentioned Act, Landsand Grounds calledWholeYear Lands, Half Year In-

as relates to the Certificates for Prize Tea and East India closures, Open Field Lands, Breeks, Commons, and Wastej,

Goods, exported from this Kingdom to Ireland j for al- within the Parish of Heat ham, in the County of Norfolk

22

20 Geo. III. 3* Febrmrit.

S 59

folk: And the same was received > and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

King’* A Petition of John Newton, Esquire, Lord of the Bromley Manor of King's Bromley, in the County of Stafford, inclosure. ancj Qf several other Persons, having Hight of Common on, or other Interest in, certain Waste Lands, within or belonging to the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested in the Waste Lands called Bromley Common, The Shows, Alrewas Hay, and other Waste Lands, belonging to the said Manor, to have the same inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House fhati think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that the Lord Trentham, MrAnjou, and Mr, Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

i Totten hill Sir Edward AJlley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Inclosure? Lands and Grounds called Whola Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Shack Meadows, and also i certain Commons, Severals, and Wastes, within the Parish

{ of Tottenhill with West Briggs, in the County of Nor-

folk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

- Heaton A Petition of Joshua Field, Esquire, Lord of the Inclosure. Manor of Heaton, in the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto sub- feribed, Owners and Proprietors of MdTuages, Cot-

tages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Town(liip of Heaton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole 575 Acres, or thereabouts, within the said Township, which are, in their present open and uninclosed State, incapable of Improvement j but would be veiy advantageous and beneficial to the Petitioners, and the several Persons interested therein,

; if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

k for dividing and inclosing all and every the said Commons. Moors, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner

as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Billi

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And: that Mr. Spencer Stanhope and Sir George Savile do pre-

pare, and bring in, the lame.

lirkcuJbright A Petition of one of the Noblemen of the Stewartry

Kirkcudbright, and also the humble Petition of fe-

vera^ Gentlemen, Heritors, and others, Proprietors of

Land in the same Stewartry, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Powers granted by Law for making, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the said Stewartry, arc not sufficient for those Purposes j and that the Performance of Statute Labour, when rigorously exuded, is very unequal and oppressive to the Petitioners, and it would be more equitable and convenient if a moderate Assessment or Conversion in Money was paid in lieu thereof; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for converting into Money the Statute Labour in the said Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, for the Purpose of amending, widening, and repairing, the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said Stewartry, in such Manner as the House dull think proper.

Vo-37.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Can (deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Adam Sir William

Cunynghame, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Wood presented to the House, according <0 Member* Order, a Bill to enable Metnbers of the Haute of Commons, to be eligible to serve is Parliament for any other County, City, Borough, Town, or Piaoe-: piice.

And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevenftight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Leckford Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Common aWkhu, Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within inci0fure. the Pari Hi of Leckford Abbots and the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jer-voife, Mr. Patton, 8cc.: And they are to meet -this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Trustees fof putting in Execution Birmingham, Three several A£h, made in the Twelfth Year of the *c* Reign of King George the First, and in thfe Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing thf Roads leading from Birmingham', through Warwick, to Warming tan, and from -

ham, through Stratford upon Avon, unto Edge HHi, Hi the County of Warwick, and of several of the Gre* ditors who have advanced Money, or have Money dot to them, upon the Tolls by the fttid Act$ granted; was presented to tl»e House, and Tead i Setting forth,

That the Trustees of the said Roads have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which cannot be repaid, nor the Roads described by the said Acts be effectually repaired and widened, nor the good Purposes of the said Acts cotqpleated, unless the Terms and Powers thereby granted be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue, enlarge, and render more effectual, the Terms and Powers of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Birmingham, through Warwick, to ingtou, and the utmost Limits of the said County on Edge Hill, in such Manner as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thfc Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Skipzoith, Mr. Hungerford, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to enquire Expiring what Laws are expired, or near expiring: And to Law*, report their Opinion to the Hoiile, which of them art (it to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Ord, Mr.

Bacon, Stc.: And they are to meet upon Motfday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed,: to pre- Militia

pare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay j»nd at*A

Cloathing.of the Militia,.for the Year.1780.: Cleathing.

.And

Kghlcy,

&c.

Irtclosure.

Matlook

Inclosure.

Landing of Prize Goods,

Guldeford

and

Faruhatn

Rati.

3° — f Februarii. A. 1780*

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. < Ord, Sir "George Savi/e,&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday

Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

A Petition of the several Persons wlvofe Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or interested in, the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Kighley, Thwaites, and , in the Parish of Kighley, in the County of York, ,was prefehted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Manors, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that; if the same Were divided and allotted amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be a minifeft Advantage to them, and tend greatly to the Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Sir George Savi/e, and Lord Richard Gavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or interested in, the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Matlock, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be a manifest Advantage to them, and tend greatly to the Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Curzon, and Lord Richard

Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Provisions of Two Acts, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, with Tefped to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods; and for repealing so much of the said last mentioned Act, as relates to the Certificates for Prize Tea and East India Goods, exported from this Kingdom to Ireland; for allowing East India Goods, condemned as Prize at any Out Port, to be removed to London for Sale; and for the Removal of Prize Goods for Exportation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

" ing the Road from the Town of to The

" Dire Bing Post near the Town of Farnham, in tire " County of Surrey," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and others, the Trustees appointed by the said Act, have proceeded in repairing the said Road, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which still remain owing; and that the Powers granted by the said Act have, in feme Instances, been found ineffectual for the Purposes thereby intended, and the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring; and that the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Norton, Mr. Onslow, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are GuMtfmi thereunto subscribed, being Mortgagees of the Tolls anJ* granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Road from the Town of (( Guldeford to The DireBing Post near the Town of " Farnham, in the County of Surrey," on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Creditors under the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, and several other Persons, have advanced very considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said Act, which, together with the ln-terest due thereupon, amount to the Sum of £. 1,153 and upwards; and that the said Act will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament, unless the Term thereby granted be continued; and that, if the said Act should expire, the Money due as aforesaid will be entirely loft by the Petitioners and the rest of the said Creditors, although the same was advanced, as they conceive, upon the Faith of Parliament: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be continued, and such Provisions made for securing the Money so advanced as aforesaid, as to the House shall appear reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the l ift preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Pe- MidJ ' tition of the Freeholders of the County of Middlesex, FrctboW be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight. 1

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Eleven,

Luries, 7’ die Februarii j

Anno 20* Georgia IIP11 Regis, 1780.

Prays rs.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in and by a certain Act of Parliament, palfed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widen-

MR. Frederick Montagu, from the Select Commit- pvf tee, who were appointed to try and determine E<&w. the Merits of the Petition of John , Esquire,

eldest Son of Sir Robert Henderson, Baronet, complain-

OxdowA

Gate,

to

Winchester,

&c.

Road.

2D Geo. III. 70 Febfuarii. g

ing of an undue Election and Return for the County of life, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Major General Robert Skene, the Sitting Member, is not duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament, for the County of Fife:

And also, That the said Committee have determined. That John Henderson, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament, for the County of Fife:

And also, That the said Committee have determined. That the said John Henderson, Esquire, is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said County.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, immediately, with the last Return for the County of Fife, and amend the fame, by raling out the Name of Major General Robert Skene, and inferring the Name of John Henderson, Esquire, instead thereof.

And the Deputy* Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the said Return accordingly.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdown Gate in Popham Lane, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through Hursley, to Chandler's Ford, and from Hurjley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longhant Bridge and Winhorne Minster, in the County of Dorset; and also, of an Act of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the said former Act, and for amending and widening the Road between Gate, in the County of Southampton, to W and from thence to the great Western Road between a Place called Thick Thorn and Cajlmore Inn, was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth, That by the said first-mentioned Act, the Four Branches or Divisions of Roads therein mentioned, were directed to be repaired; and that by the said amended Act, the Powers contained in the said first-mentioned Act were extended to the Road leading from Woolsbridge, through Horton, to the great Western Road aforesaid between Thick Thorn and Cashmore Inn, and it was thereby enacted, that the said last mentioned Road should be deemed and taken to be a Fifth Division of the Roads to be repaired by the said first-mentioned Act, and by the said amended Act, and that the same should be repaired independently of the said other Divisions; and that the Trustees appointed for putting the said several Acts in Execution, borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Fifth Division of Road, which still remains unpaid, and, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied in making and keeping the said Fifth Division of Road in Repair, and for such other Purposes as by the said Acts were directed; but the said Fifth Division of Road cannot be kept in effectual Repair, and the Money remaining due on the Credit thereof repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts are extended and enlarged, and the Acts amended and made more effectual; and that the Road leading from the said great Western Road at or near Cashmore Inn, through the Parishes of Tarrant-Hinton, Tarrant-Gunvil/e, ton-Waldron. Font hill, Me/bury-A Chet tie, Minching-

ton, Farnham, Nezvtozvn, Toller, and Ashmoor, or some of them, to the Turnpike. Road leading to Shaflesbury, in the County of Dorset, is exceeding bad in many Places, very narrow and dangerous, and cannot be ef-Vot. 37.

ffiftually repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would tend greatly to the Convenience and Advantage of the Country, and be of general Utility, if the Powers of the said Acts were extended to the said last mentioned Road, by adding and uniting the same to the said Fifth Division of Read:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Two several Acts, lb far as the same relate to the said Fifth Division of Road, and for rendering the same more effectual, and for extending the same to the making and repairing the said Road leading from the said great Western Road* at or near Cajlmore Inn, to the said Turnpike Road leading to Shaftesbury, and for uniting the same to the said Fifth Division.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as itlhall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Bond, Mr. Townshend,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Gloucedet Common Council, of the City of Gin Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and streets, read; Setting forth. That the several Markets of the said City are held in the principal Streets and public Passages thereof, and are very inconvenient to the Inhabitants, and to the Public resorting thereto; and that The Upper Northgale or Common Gaol of the said City, is inconvenient and incommodious, and is situate across One of the principal Streets, which often occasions Obstructions to loaded Waggons and Carriages; that the same is an ancient Building, and greatly decayed, so that it is necessary that a new and more commodious Gaol for the said City should be built; and that the Two other Gateways, called The Lozver Nortligate and The South-gate, within the said City, are also across principal Streets, and are inconvenient to Persons, Cattle, and Carriages passing through the same; and that there are manyDe-fefts in the several Acts of Parliament passed relating to the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting the fame; and there are also several Defects and Imperfections in the Act lately passed, for inforcing the proper paving and cleansing the several Streets within the said City, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and that sufficient Powers are not given therein for effecting those Purposes: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing and making a new Market, and removing the several Markets to more proper and convenient Places; for removing the present City Gaol, and erecting a new and more convenient one, and for removing the Two other Gates of the said City, called The Lozver Northgale and Southgate; for amending the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and better lighting the fame; for amending the said Act lately passed, for the proper paving and cleansing the several Streets within the said City, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for giving further and other Powers for those Purposes, and for further Improvements of the said City.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that tlpey do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Barrow, Sir William Guise,

&c.: And they are to met Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

7 D A Bill

5 6a 7° FebruariiA. 1780.

Kdfo A Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Two Pennie* Act, made in the Thiity-feeond Year of the Reign of his Cdt,> late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One *< Sixth Part ofa Penny Sterling, upon every Scot's Pint " of Ale, Porter, and Beer, which shall be brewed for " Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a Bridge cross the River Tweed, and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," was read a Second Time,

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Eden, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Thair.e* Petition of Michael Dicker Sanders, of the City of bridge. Exeter, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioner’s Uncle Samuel Dicker, of Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, Esquire, was, by virtue of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, enabled to build a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Parish of Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to Shepperton, in the County of Middlesex; and, in pursuance of the Powers granted by the said Act, did build and complete such Bridge, which has been passable for several Years; but the said Bridge hath, from various Accidents, become ruinous and in a dangerous Condition, in-so much that it has become necessary to support the same by Props from the Bed of the River; and that the Petitioner is now foie Proprietor of the said Bridge; and it has been found, from Experience, that the Tolls payable by the said Act are inadequate to anliver the Expence of building and maintaining the said Bridge, and the Reparation thereof will be attended with a very considerable Expence: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to brine in a Bill to enable him to repair or rebuild the said Bridge, and to collect such new and additional Tolls as shall be thought reasonable, and adequate to the very large Expence that will attend effectually fijpporting the said Bridge.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Norton, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Slower A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Navigation, thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of the River Slower Navigation, from the Town of Maningtree, in the County of Essex, to the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of Queen Ann, for making the River Stower navigable from the Town of in the County of Essex, to the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, divers Persons therein named were impowered to make the said River navigable for Barges, Boats, Keels, Lighters, and other Vessels, from the said Town of Maningtree to the Town of Sudbury, and from Time to Time to continue, support, maintain, and use such Navigation in such Manner as they should think fit, and for that Purpose divers Powers and Authorities were given to the several Persons named in the said Act; and, for the better effecting the Purposes of the said Act, certain Persons therein named were appointed Commissioners; and it was thereby enacted, that, for supplying the Number of the said Commissioners in case of Death, or Refusal to act, the'Turviving Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, should, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, nominate and appoint feme other Person or Persons *7

within the said Counties of Suffolk and Essex, having atl Estate in Land of the Yearly Value of £. 150 at the lead, or a Personal Estate of J. 3,000, in the Place of him or them so dying or refusing, which said n<_w Commissioner or Courniissioners should from thenceforth have like Power and Authority in all Things relating to the said Navigation, as if he or they had been expressly named in the said Act; and that all the several Persons nominated and appointed Commissioners by the said Act, are deceased, and there are now only remaining, of Persons appointed Commissioners under the Powers of the said Act, William Jennens, of Aden, in the County of Suffolk, and Charles Grey, of in the County of Essex, Esquires, who are not a sufficient Number to do any Act for continuing and effecting the Purposes of the said Navigation, and for appointing new Commissioners; and that the Powers and Authorities given to the said Commissioners by the said Act, have, in some Respects, been found defective and ineffectual for the Purposes thereby intended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for naming new Commissioners, and for inventing them with proper Powers and Authorities for continuing the said Navigation, and such other Purposes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fcnncreau, Mr. Bacon, See.:

And they are to meet To morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stonrbridp Stourbridge Navigation, was presented to the House, and Nlv'oal'0Q‘ read; Setting forth. That, by an Act made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were impowered to make a navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and

Canal at or near Stourtcn, in the County of Stafford-, and also Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens upon PeijnstChafe, to communicate with the said intended Canal, and the other from a Place called The Black Debit, to join and communicate with the said first-mentioned collateral Cut; and the Petitioners were thereby enabled to raite the Sum of £. 30,000 for carrying the said Undertaking into Execution; and that the Petitioners have completed the said Canal and collateral Cuts, and the same are now rendered navigable into the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, and they have expended the Whole of the said £. 30,000 in the Execution thereof; and that the great Object of the Petitioners, in obtaining and carrying the said Act into Execution, was to open a Communication between the Coal Mines lying upon an.d near to the said collateral Cuts, and the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, in order that the said Coals might be conveyed upon the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal into the more remote Parts of the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Hereford, and Warwick-, and that, previous to the passing of the said Act, -the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Company were only entitled to a Tonnage Duty of Three Halfpence a Ton per Mile, on all Coals navigated upon the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal; and that, by a Clause inferred in the said Stourbridge Canal Act, the Company of Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, are impowered to lay and receive a Tonnage, not exceeding Two Pence a Ton per Mile, on all Coals brought down the said intended Stourbridge Navigation, and which should be navigated upon the said, Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, and are likewise impowered to reduce the Tolls, Rates, and Duties by the said Act, and by Two Acts made in the Sixth and Tenth Years

20 Geo. III. 70 Februarii. 563

of His said Majesty, granted to the said Company, such Reduction being made with the Consent of the major Part of the Commissioners appointed by the said Act of the Sixth Year of His laid Majesty, assembled for that Purpose, of which Assembly or Meeting Twenty-one Days Notice at least is directed to be given in One of the Birmingham Newspapers, provided there be Twenty-one Commissioners at lead present at such Meeting; and that such Powers of laying a Tonnage of Two Pence per Ton on all Coals brought down the said Stourbridge Navigation, and of reducing the Tonnage upon the said Staffordshireand Canal

Navigation, as aforesaid, were given in order that a due Equilibrium might be maintained between the Collieries lying upon and near to the said Stourbridge Canal, and the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Cofeky,

and Tipton, so as to ensure a regular Supply of Coals to the Public on reasonable Terms; and that the Petitioners had no sooner completed their laid Navigation, than the said Staffordshire and Canal Company immediately imposed and received the full Tonnage of Two Pence a Ton per Mile, on all Coals brought down the Stourbridge Canal, and navigated upon the said Staffordshireand Worcestershire Canal, and, without

assembling the Commissioners for that Purpose, as directed by the said Act of the Sixteenth of His present Majesty, in express Violation thereof, have reduced the Tonnage of all Coals brought down their Canal from Auther/y, to the Amount of Ten Pence Halfpenny per Ton, by sinking the Tonnage for Seven Miies on their said Canal, by Means whereof the Petitioners find that the Coal Trade down the said Stourbridge Canal is in Effect totally stopt; and that the Petitioners find themselves Hill further aggrieved, by a partial Allowance being made by the Company of Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, in the Weight of Coals navigated from Antkerly as aforesaid, without making any Allowance whatever with respect to the Coals brought down the Stourbridge Canal; and the Petitioners now find, that in case the said additional Duty of Two Pence a Ton on all Coals brought down the Stourbridge Canal, is continued, and the said Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcejerjldre Canal is permitted to exercise an unlimited Power of partially reducing the Tonnage on all other Coals navigated on the said Canal, that it will be at all Times in the Power of the said Staffor and Canal Company to flop the Coal Trade on the Stourbridge Canal, for the Supply of the Severn Markets, by Means whereof the Public will lole the Benefit intended by the said Stourbridge Canal Act, of being supplied with Coals in greater Plenty and at a cheaper Rate, and the Petitioners will be obliged to fit down under the Lois of the Whole or greatest Part of the Monies expended in carrying the said Act into Execution, without any Prolpeft of Dividends or Interest arising therefrom, and at a Time when the said Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and bVorceflershireCanal Navigation are en-

abled to make very large Dividends on their Shares in the said Navigation: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the aforesaid Clause contained in the said Act of the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which impowers the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Company, as well to impose and receive a Duty of Two Pence per Ton upon all Coals brought down the Stourbridge Canal, and which shall be navigated upon the said Staffordshire And Worcestershire Canal, as to reduce the Tolls, Rates, and Duties by the said several recited Acts granted to the said last mentioned Company, upon any Part or Parts of the said Canal, or otherwise to alter, explain, and amend the said Clause, as to the House shall seem meet; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Vol. 37.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Lands and Grounds called Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Breeks, Commons, and Wastes, within the Parish of Heacham, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Townshend, ice.: And they are to' meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Bacon Frank, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Campjall, in the West Riding of the County of York, and of several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Manor, on Behalf of themselves and the other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the Township of Moss, otherwise , in the Par lh of Campjall, and also within the Parish of Bram-with within the said Manor, several Oj en Common Fields, Commons, and Low Grounds, the Property of the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement y and that if the said Lands and Grounds were divided, inclosed, and properly drained, they would be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such. Regulations, as the House Hull think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the la;d Petition: And that Mr. Bacon, Sir Georg: Sav'de, and Mr. Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the honourable Henry Cecil, Lord of the Manor of Hanbury, in the County of Worcester, and the several cti.er Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Lands and Estates within the Parish of Hanbury in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests there-’ in: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring m a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Foley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Edward Bentinck reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for executing an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of ti e Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the " Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, " through the Towns of Pleaftey, G/apwe/l, , and " Normenton, and the Liberty of Ilnjland, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the " Town of Chesterfield, in the County of " was

referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bids, had

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined

Heacbarfl

Inclosure.

Camptall,

Sec.

Indofarfe

Hanbury

Inclosure.

MsnsfielJ

Rend.

Grantham,

kc.

Roadj,

564 70 Februarii. A. 1780.

amined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read: and is as tblloweth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr, John Gladwin being examined, said, That the Trustees have regularly executed the said Act, and a considerable Progress hath been made in amending the said Road; in the performing of which, the Tolls, together with a large Sum of Money borrowed and Hill due on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied — That by reason of the Smallness of the Tolls, the Steepness and extremely ruinous State of some Parts of the Road, the Badness and Scarcity of Materials, and a Diminution of the Income of the Turnpike Gates, the Trustees have not been able to put the Roads into a proper State, and keep them in Repair, inso much, that of late Years several Parts of them have been threatened to be indicted — That the Road at Pleajley is liable to be overflowed, and it is necessary to build a Bridge there, which it is computed will cost /. 200 — That for these and other Reasons the present Tolls are very inadequate to the Occasions of the Trust, and the Intentions of Parliament in passing the said Act; and that unless the Term thereof, which is near expiring, be enlarged, some additional Tolls granted, and further Powers given, the Money now due cannot be paid off, or the Roads be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the High Road leading from the Town " of Mansfield, in the County of , through

" the Towns of Pleajley, Glapzvell, Heath, and Normenton, " and the Liberty of Hajland, to the Turnpike Road " leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of " Chesterfield, in the County of Derby: " And that Lord Edward Bentinck and Mr. Medows do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Howe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Roads from , in the County of Lincoln, through Bottesford and , to Not-

" tingham Trent Bridge, and from Chappel Bar, near " the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint " Mary's Bridge in the Town of Derby, and from The Guide Pojtin the Parish of Lenton to Ferry,"

so far as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in the Town of Derby, and from The Guide Post in the Parish of Lenton to Sazvley Ferry,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. James Foxcroft informed your Committee, That great Progress has been made in the Execution of the said Act, so far as relates to the District of Road leading from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in the Town of Derby, and from The Guide Post in the Parish of Lenton to Sazvley Ferry; and several Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the 'Polls arising upon such Part of the said Roads, which still remain due, and the Term of the said Act is near expiring.

That the said District of Road cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor the Money owing repaid, unless the Term of the said Act, so far as relates to the said District of Road, be further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

And the Witness added, That a Power is wanted for getting Gravel and other Materials for repairing the Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An " Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " tham, in the County of Lincoln, through Bottesford " and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and from " Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of " Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in the Town of " Derby, and from The Guide Post in the Parish of " Lenton to Sazvley Ferry" as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar, near the West Ena of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby, and from The Guide Post in the Parish of Lenton to Sawley Ferry :And that Sir William Howe, Mr. Robert Smith, and Lord George Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Romfcy, and others, residing near the Road leading from the &c-

Town of Romsey, through Bishop's Stoke, to the Town Kojli‘

of Bishop's Waltham, in the County of Southampton, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was prclemed to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Town of Rorafey, through Bishop's Stoke, to the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in tii County of Southampton, which is the nearest Road from the Western Parts of this Kingdom to the County of Sussex, and to the major Part of the Counties of Southampton,

Surrey, and Kent, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Methods prescribed by the Laws now in being; and that it W"uld be of great Advantage and Convenience to the several Persons relkling near or travelling the said Road, as well as of public Utility, if the same was amended, widened, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall appear to be proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Sloane, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Gmt thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Aditwgii* Lands in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, nc°'"rc' Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Great Addington, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dif-perfect in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and

that

Long Stow, &c. Inclosure*

Lincoln

Ronds.

Melton

Mowbray

to

Grantham Roda.

Bid da ford. See. Roadi.

20 Geo. III.

that, if the same ware divided and inclosed, it would be very advahtageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore playing. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Powys and Mr. Knight ley do prepare, and bring in the (ante.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds in Long Stow and Little Cal worth, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners, and others in the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in their present Situation incapable of any. considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclolcu, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pupfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition:- And that Mr. Pozvys, the Earl Ludlow, and the Lord brook, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir John Thor old presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to continue, amend, and make effectual, " an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the North West Parts of the County " of Lincoln, through Nettlam Fields, fVragby Lane, " and BaumberFields, to The Wolds, or North East

" Part of the said County; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from The Well in East Gate, in the City of Lincoln, and from the North West End of Horncastle, and from The Guide Post, at the East " End of Hainton, through to the Roads

" directfed to be repaired by the said AftAnd the same w'as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Moist Noble Charles Duke of Rutland, and the bumble Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the Counties of Lincoln and Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the road from a bridge called Thorpe Bridge, at the East End of the Town of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leiceftto the town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, is much out of Repair, narrow in some Places, and cannot be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, aS it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Goddard,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty JCing

Vol. 3.7.

65

George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Hollow Way on the West Side of Lord Clifford’s Park Gate, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, to a Place called Biddaford, in the County of Devon; and also of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution another Act of Parliament, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Bridgetown Po-hteroy, and from Teing Bridge, in the County of Devon, and of several Persons who are entitled to the Money now due on the Credit of the said Acts, and also of le-veral Gentlemen and Freeholders of the said County; was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said Act?; have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that great progrefehath been made in the repairs of the said Roads; but the same cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair, and the Money owing on the Credit of the said Acts be paid off during the Terms of the said Acts; and representing to the House, that the several Roads directed to be repaired by the said Acts, are all contiguous to each other, and might be conveniently managed, and at a Icls Expence than at present, if the same were included in one Act of Parliament, and put under the Care and direction of Trustees to be appointed by the said Act, and if some further and other Powers than are contained in the present subsisting Acts were granted for repairing the said several Roads: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually amending and keeping the said Roads in Repair, by such ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to then)* to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Philip Mr.

Drake, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Knightley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common "Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of East Farndon, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Knightley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadow's, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Grendon, in the County of Northampton: and the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Roads from Bar, near the

tc West End of the Town of Nottingham to " and from the Four Lane Ends near to

" Ashborne, and from The Cross Post on " Moor, to join the Road leading from to

7 E " Chappel*

70 Fehructrii.

East

Farndoi) Iiitlolurt,

Grendon

Incldtmt*

Chappd Art,

near Not tin gharri' Road.

Stavely

inclosure

Shepton

Malet

Koadi.

566 70 Februarii. 1780.

" Chapel en-le-frith, at or near , in the County of Derby, and from Selston to Woodhouse, in

" the County of Nottingham," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. James Foxcroft being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted; which has been duly applied in the Repairs of the said Roads. And he produced to your Committee an Account, whereby it appears. That there now remains due upon the Credit of the said Act, between Sixteen and Seventeen thousand Pounds.

That the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and unless the same is further continued, and the Powers of the Act are altered and enlarged, the Monies now remaining due, cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in fuftkient Repair. And the Witness further added. That it is proposed to alter the Tolls, by laying them on the Horses and other Beads drawing, instead of the Carriages; and that some further Powers should be given to the Trustees, with regard to getting Gravel and other Materials for the Repair of the Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Roads from Chappel Bar, " near the' West End of the Town of , to

" Newhaven, and from the Four Lane Ends near Oak.

" erthorpe to Afoborne, and from The Cro/s Post on IVirk/worth Moor, to join the Road leading from " Chesterfield to Chappel en-le.frith, at or near Longston, " in the County of Derby, and from Selston to " leyWoodhouse, in the County of Nottingham And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Curzon, Sir William Howe, and Mr. Robert Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the l'everal Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Stavcley, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

P.efdved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two l'everal Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading '* to and from the Towns of Shepton Malet and Ivelchester, ir} the County of lb far as relates

to the several Roads therein called 7he Shepton Malet Turnpike Roads-, and the other in the Fifth Year of tire Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act of the Twenty-sixth of King George the Second, and for repairing the Roads from Shepton Malet to Leighton, and from Shepton Malet to Lcug Crops Bottom-, and of several Persons who have lent and advanced Money on the Credit of the said Acts; and all'o of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholder's, and others, of the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of thena->9

selves and others; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected on the said Roads, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied in repairing the said Roads, and great Progress hath been made in the Repairs thereof; but the same cannot be complected, and the Money due be repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts are continued-and enlarged, and the said Acts amended and made more effectual; and that Part of the Road comprized in the said first-mentioned Act, leading from Shepton Maid aforesaid, over Pye Hill to The Red Pojt by Lidford Park Gate, is very steep, inconvenient, and unsafe for Travellers and Carriages, and it would be a great Benefit to the Public, if the Course of the said Road was diverted and turned lb as to avoid the said Hill; and that the Roads leading from the West End of the Turnpike Road at Steen Bow Bridge, in the Parish of Pilton, in the said County, through the Parish of West Pennard, and the Hamlets of Ed^arlv and Chilkwell, and along a

o ' O

Lane called Bser Lane, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Glastonbury to Pipers; and also from Chilkwell aforesaid, to or near The Conduit at the East End of Glastonbury aforesaid; and also from the present

Turnpike Road at the West End of the said Town of Shepton Malet, over the Forest of Mendip, and through the Parishes of AJlnvick and Stratton on the Fofs, to join (he Turnpike Road leading from Wells to Bath, at a Place called The White Post, are in a ruinous Condition, and, in many Parts, narrow, incommodious, and unsafe for Travellers and Passengers, and cannot bs effectually amended and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and the Petitioners apprehend that the said several Roads might be more conveniently amended and kept in Repair, if the several Clauses and Provisions, necessary for that Purpose, were comprized in One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That I-cave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Coxe, Mr. St. &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor. Jurats, Common Council, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants of the King’s Town and Parish of Ilone, in the County of Kent, whose Names aie thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Poor in the said Town and Parish are veiy numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great Expence by the said Inhabitants; and that the granting of proper Powers for the better Goverment and Regulation of the said Poor, will tend to their more effectual Relief and Assistance, and be a great Eafeand Convenience to the Parishioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulatiens as the House shall think, proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Finch, Mr. Gregory, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nina of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

Maid (low Pqcl

20 Geo. III. 7° Februarii. 567

Pontcfradt A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Ports for the Importation of Foreign Oats, whenever Park of the Borough or Town of PontefraSl in the County of the Oats grown at or near Stockton are sold at or above

loclosure. York, and of the several other Owner* or Occupiers Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, and that those Oats

of Mcffusges, Lands, and Tenements, in the Towns of weigh full Eleven Store per Sack, containing Fottr Pontefratl and Tanjiclf, in the said County of York, Bushels to the Sack; and the Petitioners conceive, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to that those Oats are of too good a Kind to have been the House, and read; Setting forth. That His Majesty intended by the Legislature to be the Standard, or to is feiled, to Himself, His Heirs, and Successors, as Par- come under the Denomination of MiddlingBnV^ Oats, cel of the Post'dlions of the Dutchy of Lancaster, of a and that when, in Consequence of Applications grounded large Tract of Ground, called Pontefract Park, situate on this Standard of Middling Oats, the Ports are opened near the said Town of Pontefract, and within His Ma* for the Importation of Foreign Oats, all the Oats of an jesty’s Manor of Tanjhelf cum Car let on, in the said County inferior Quality, which amount to Two Thirds of the of York, subject to a Lease thereof, granted by His whole Quantity grown in England* and in general Majesty under the Seal of the said Dutchy, bearing weigh rather under ren Stone Sack, are immediately

Date the 25th Day of March 1778, unto the Right ho- so lowered in Price as not to fell for more than about

pourable William Earl of Bejborough, and the Reverend Nine Shillings per Quarter, upon such Opening of the

John Fountayne, Doctor in Divinity, and Dean of the Ports; and that this Diminution of the Price of Oats Province of York, as Trustees of the Will of John late is very injurious to the Growers in general throughout Lord Viscount Gail way of the Kingdom of Ireland, de- England, and particularly to the Occupiers of Low ceaftd, for a Term of Thirty-one Years; and that ccr- Lands in the Counties above mentioned; and represent-tain Parts of the said Tract of Land have been for many ing to the House, that the Low Lands in the said,

Years inclosed, and held in Severalty by the Crown and Counties contain about 450,000 Acres, and arepafticu-its Lessees, and the Residue thereof consists of a large larly adapted to the Cultivation of Oats, and which Pasture, containing about 900 Acres, lying open and would create a Supply not greatly short of the Con-uncultivated, whereon the Inhabitants of the said Towns fumption of the London Market, if it were not for the of lontefraSt and Tanjhelf claim, and have, fora great Discouragement under which the Farmers lie from this Number of Years, enjoyed, a Right or Privilege of put- frequent Importation of Foreign Oats, at the Time ting certain Kinds of Cattle, without Stint or Number, when there is a sufficient Quantity of Middling for a limited Time in every. Year, paying to the Lef- Oats, either, in or ready for the Market, according to fees or Tenants of the said Pasture, certain small Sums the fair and equitable Standard of Oats of that Quality; of Money or Acknowledgments for every Head of and that the Occupiers of Low Lands in Particular lie Cattle so put or kept thereon; and that the said Open under great Disad vantages, and are subject to constant Pasture is capable of being improved and rendered of Expences and frequent unexpected Losses, from the much greater Value, as well to the Crown and its Situation of the Ground they cultivate, and they, as JLeffecs, as to the Inhabitants of the said Towns, than well as the Occupiers of Lands throughout England, em-aan possibly be derived therefrom whilst it remains in ployed in the Cultivation of Oats, are material and real its present State, and with that View certain of the Of- Sufferers from the Law respecting the Importation of ficers of the said Dutchy of Lancaster, on the Behalf Foreign Oats, as it now stands; and they submit to the of His Majesty, and also His Majesty’* said Lefl’ees, House the Consideration of the Advantage that would have come to an Agreement with the Petitioners and arise to the whole Kingdom, from a proper Encourage-other Inhabitants of the said Towns, that a certain Part ment given to the Occupiers of Lands in this material of the said Pasture shall be set apart and inclosed for Article of Oats, and how much such Encouragement the Use of the said Inhabitants, in Satisfaction and would contribute to save the great Suras ^ow Annually JDischarge of their Claims of Right of Common or Paf- paid to Foreigners for Oats: They trustj' therefore, in turage, and other Rights, over the Residue thereof: And the Wisdom and Equity of the Legislature, that the therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring Standard of Middling Oats of British Growth should in a Bill for dividing the Open Parts of the said Trad be ascertained by the Weight of 34 Pounds per Bushel, of Ground, called PoiitefraClPark, with such suitable which amounts very near to the Weight of 10 Stone Provisions for the Enjoyment and Improvement thereof, fer Sack, and that, whenever such Middling British

and under such Prov.ifoes and Kcftrictions, as the House Oats of such a Weight fell at or above i-js. per Quar-

fbalt think expedient. ter, the Importation of Foreign Oats may be permitted;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- and the Petitioners submit the Whole to the Wisdom

suant to the Prayer O' the said Petition: And that Sir of Parliament, and doubt not but that they shall meet

John Goodricke and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and bring with that Relief which the Equity of their Cafe, and

in, the fame. the Particular Hardships under which they have la-

boured since the passing of the said Act of the Thir-knportjt'on A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, teenth Year of His present Majesty, as well from the

of whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, in Behalf of Construction given to the Meaning of the Words

Oau’" themselves, and the other Owners and Occupiers of Middling Oats of British Growth," as from the Low-Lands, in the several Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, ness of the Price limited by the said Act for allowing Lincoln, Norfolk, Sujj'olk. and Northampton, was pre- the Importation of Foreign Oats, will, upon Examina-. fented to the Hou'.i*, and read; Setting forth, That, tion, appear fairly to require, by an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate ConGderation of a Committee: And that they do exa-

" the Importation and Exportation of Corn," the Im- mine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact con-

portation of Foreign Oats is allowed, whenever the tained in the said Petition;

Price of Middling Oats of British Growth shall appear And it is referred to Mr. Sir George Yonge,

to be at or above Sixteen Shillings per Quarter; and & c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at that the said Act has not acertained by any Description Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and what particular Sort of Oats shall be deemed Middling have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records;

Oats; and that the Dealers in Oats, taking Advantage and all who come to the Committee are to have of this Uncertainty and Want of Specification in the Voice*, said Act, have endeavour, act to supply that Deficiency,

by considering those Oats as Middling British Oats Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account;

which are grown at or near Stockton, in the County of Account of the Quantity of Corn imported into Great _ Corn

Durham, and make Application for the Opening of the Britain since the ill Day of January 1772, distinguishing You 3?. the

5«8

the several Species of Grain, and the several Years,

and the Ports into which the same have been imported.

Warminster A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Lord and Viscount Weymouth, Lord of the Manors of

Inclosure. ^#r an<^ Corfley, in the County of , and Patron

of the Rectory of Corfley aforesaid, and the humble Petition of several other Persons, Owners, and Occupiers of I<ands and Estates within the Manors and Parishes of Warminster and Corfley aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manors and Parishes, several Open and Common Fields and Common Downs, and also several Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Commonable places, which are at present intermixed and dispersed, and incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Proprietors, and other Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, if the said Common Fields and Downs were allotted, and laid in Severalty, and the said Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Goddard and Mr. Ptnruddock do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

Tetbury Mr. Chester reported from the Committee, to whom 10 the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, SImond’sllill passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Roadt. Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Tetbury to the Gates on the West of Simond’s Hall Down, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Market House i nTetburyto the Turnpike Road on kamjiton Common, and from the said Road in -

hampton Field, unto the Turnpike Road from

cejlerto Stroud, near Burnt and from the said Turnpike Road to Tay toe's Mill Pond, in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide, to the Bottom of The Bourn Hill, in the County of G was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Middle A Petition of divers Owners and Occupiers of cer-

Bed.ord tain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, lying in the Middle Level Part of the Great Level of the inaSe* pens^ caucd Bedford Level, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and are bounded by certain high Lands in Doddington and Wimblington, and a certain Drove called Boot's Drove, on the North, by the Sixteen Feet Drain on the East, by or The

Forty Feet Drain, on the South, and by the Turnpike Road on the West, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petition-efs, and of several oth*r Owners and Proprietors, within the Limits above-mentioned, have been for several Years past, and still are, very much annoyed with Water, through the Defect of their Outfall to Sea, to the great Damage of the Owners and Proprietors 16

A. 1780*

thereof, and Impoverishment of the several Pari the* and Places where the same lie, as well as Loss to the Public: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to drain the fame, as to the House shall fefcm meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do era-mine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Sam Gideon, Mr. Drake, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable the Earl of Powys, Lord of the Manors of Teirtriff and in the County of Montgomery, and the humble Petition of Thomas Browne, Esquire, the Reverend Samuel D'Elbtuf Edwards, Clerk, and several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor of Teirtriff, in the Parishes of Churchjlokt, Mainftone, and Lydham, certain Open Common and Waste Lands, and within the said Manor of in

the Parish of Churchfloke aforesaid, a certain Parcel of Open Common and Waste Land, called Gwerny Mynydd, over which said several Commons and Waste Lands the Petitioners and others are entitled to Right of Common; and that the said several Commons and Waste Lands are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; but if the same were divided and inclosed, they might be put in a State of Cultivation, and greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to "bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Whit find Keene and Mr. Johnes do prepare, and

bring in the fame.

A Petition of the Merchants, Navigators, and other Traders, of the County and Town of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Navigation for Boats, Lighters, and other Vessels of Burthen, has heretofore been carried on from the County, University, and Town of Cambridge, through the Rivers of Cam, otherwise Grant, and Ouse, and from the Town and Port of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk; by Means of which the said County, Unj-

verlity, and Town of Cambridge, have been conllantly supplied with Coals, Deals, Iron, Salt, Wines, and other Commodities and Merchandize, upon moderate and reasonable Terms: and that a Part of the said River Cam, otherwise Grant, from Clayhithe Sluice, in the Parish of Horningfey, in the County of Cambridge, to the River Ouse at Harrimeer Point, in the Parish of Strethum, in the Isle of Ely, in the said County of Cambridge, and a part of the said River Ouse, from Harrimeer Point, to the Turn of the said River Ouse next above the Tampike Bridge in the Parish of Little-port, in the said Isle of Ely, are, for Want of a Supply of Fresh Water from the upper Part of the said River Ouse, through a Sluice let down at a Place called The Hermitage, near the Town of Earith, in the County of Huntingdon, across the ancient natural Course of the Waters of that River down to Harrimeer aforesaid; for Want of the free Admission of the Tides from the Sea through a Sluice set down at a Place called Denver, in the County of Norfolk, across the ancient natural Flow and Reflow of the Tides into and out of the said River Ouse up to and from Harrimeer aforesaid; by realoo of the great Quantities of Mud, Soil, and Gravel, brought into the above-described Parts of the said

River

70 Februarii.

Trirrriff

and

Hopton

lodofur*

Cm

and

Ouse

stircrft

20'Geo. IIL 70 Februanu 569

Hivers by the Descent of the high Land Floods, and the working of the Mills or Engines erected for the Discharge of the Waters of the adjoining Lands into the said River; and for Want of deepening, cleanfingj and scouring out the aforesaid Parts of the said Rivers, become fh allow, and in dry Seatons rendered unfit for the Purpose ot Navigation and Commerce, inso much that the Navigators, woo formerly made their Voyages between Cambridge and King's Lynn aforesaid, in Two or Three Days (the Distance of about Fifty-two Miles) have frequently of late been retarded Eight Or Ten Days in their Passages between Sluice and

Littleport aforesaid (the Distance only of about Nineteen Miles) and have not been able to carry One Half, and sometimes not Ooe Fourth Part of their proper Buf-thens, and with such small Burthens have been often obliged to make use of an additional Number of Horles; which Obstructions and Delays have occasioned a great Increase of Expence, and Advance of Freight on all Goods and Merchandize, to the Prejudice of the said County, University, and Town of Cambridge, and the Country adjacent; and the deepening, improving, re-lloring, and preserving, o( the above described Parts t)f the said Rivers Cam, otherwise Grant, and will be a great and general Advantage to the County, University, and Town of Cambridge, and Counties adjoining, Port of King's Lynn, and to the Towns and Villages situate near the said Rivers; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for deepening, improving, reiloring, and preserving of the River Cam, otherwise Grant, from Sluice in the Parish of in the County of

Cambridge, to the River Ouse ar Point, in

the Partih of Strctham, in the lile of in the said County of Cambridge, and also the Navigation of the said River Olifefiom Harr:mere Point to the Turn of the said River Ouse next above the Turnpike Bridge in the Parisl) of Littleport, in the said Isle of Ely, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do Examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as jt (bail appear to them, to the House.

And it is reterred. to Mr. Keene, Sir Sampson Gideon, iVc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to tend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Grav’s Inn Petition of several Trustees appointed in or by Lane virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixteenth

Turnpike. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Hjg/i-gate Gatehoujc and Hanvpjlcand other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of and also to continue and render more effectpal an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to ifilburn Bridge, to make a new Road from the Great Northern Road at to

the Edgeveare Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first-mentioned Act^; and for making a Road from the said new Road, near Queen's Row, to Wash; and for watching, lighting, and watering the said Roads; on Behalf of theniklvesand.others, the Trustees named in cr by virtue of the said Act, and of the several Persons who have lent and advanced Money on the Credit of the 'lolls authorized to be collected by virtue of the fold Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe a Bill is depending before the , House, to explain and amend so much of the said recited Act.as gives Power to eveft or remove Turnpikes or Toll House?, so far as re-- Vat.. 37.

lates to ereAing or continuing any Turnpike of Toll Gate in Gray's. Jttn Lane, or between the said Lane and the new. Road leading from Islington to Paddington; and that there being a Debt of £. 13,000, and upwards, due from the Trust, the Chief Object of solicitirtg the said Act of the Sixteenth of His present Majesty, was to enlarge the Term vested in the Trustees by former Acts of Parliament, and for Powers to light, Watch, and water the said Roads; and that, in the Progress of the Bill for such Purposes, a Clause was introduced for making a new Cut from Queen's to Baghtgge IVafk; the Expences of passing the said Act, making such new Cut, and for Watch Boxes, Fire Arms, and other Accoutrements for the Use of the Watchmen, of the Lamp Polls, Irons, Lamps, and other necessary Matt ere for lighting* being added to the said Debt, the Came amounted to £. 1.8,000, and Upwards, at Michaelmas 1777) and that the said Trustees, finding the State of their Finances to be such, that the Income was inadequate to the Outgoings, they resolved to farm the Tolls; and accordingly did, of the 13th of August 1777, by virtue of the Powers to them given by the General Turnpike, Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, let to Farm, by Public Auction, to one John Evans, the Tolls that might lawfully be demanded and taken at the several Turnpike Gates on the said Roads, and granted him a Leal’e thereof; by which the said Trustees de-inifed unto the said John Evans, all the Tolls which could be lawfully demanded and received at the said Toll Gates then erected, or any other Gate or Gates which might thereafter, during the Term thereby granted, be erected, to hold the same unto the tixdjohn , his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the 29th Day of September then next eniuing, for the Term of Three Years, at the clear Yearly Rent of £.5,410; and that the Income of the Trust was thereby increased to the Amount of £. 800, apd upwards, Yearly, exclusive of saving the Expences of Coals, Candles, Turnpike Tickets, and other incidental Outgoings, and which may be reasonably estimated at an Annual Sum of £. 200; besides which, the said Lessee permits the Servants-employed in the Service of the Trust, to pass through the said several Gates Toll-free; and that it was represented, at a General Meeting of the said Trustees, some Time after the said John Evans was in the Receipt of the Tolls, that many Horses and Carriages passed on the said Roads by Way of Gray’s Inn Lane, and travelled several Miles, without paying any Toll, and that thereby the Toll at the Cold Bath Fields Gate (which had been erected but a small Space of Time before the said Tolls were farmed to him) was continually decreasing, to his great Injury, therefore Kquested, ;that a Gate might be erected at the End of Gray's Inn Lane; and that the said Trustees, being satisfied

of the Truth of such lleprefcntation, so far as it related to the Opportunity that Persons had of travelling several Miles on such Roads without paying any Toft, did, in pursuance of the Power in them veiled by the said recited Act, order the said Gate to be erected; and considering that they had, by the said Indenture of Lease, granted to the said John Evans all the Tolls that might lawfully be received, as well at the Turnpike Gates which should be erected, as those which were then erected, did not claim to receive the Tolls payable at the said newly-erected Gate, but permitted the said John Evans to receive the same; and that such Persons who travel through the said Gate, may proceed to Highgate and HampJ,through the several Turnpike Gates, and travel on great Pan of the said new Road, without paying any further Toll; and that the Debt due from the said Trust, at this Time, amounts to £. 18,600, and upwards, for the Payment of which, the Tolls payable on the said Roads are a

7 F Security;

Gray’s Inn Lane Turnpike*

576 j Februarii. x 780,

Security; and that if the said Gate shall be removed, and the said Trustees be restrained from taking Toll from those who travel on that Part of the Road, it will occasion a considerable Decrease' of the Tolls; which, as it.will affect the Security of their Creditors, niay lay the said Trustees under much Difficulty, if nbt deprive them of the Means of railing further Sums to pay off such Creditors, who may be desirous to call in their Money; and if the same should happen, it will be impossible for the Petitioners, under the Powers granted by the said recited Act, to discharge the Debt now outstanding, or keep the Roads in a proper State of Repair; and that Persons having lately given Notice for Payment of Money advanced by them on the Credit of the Tolls, the said Trustees did advertise to borrow Money, but no Person offering to lend, and the Creditors being frequently very pressing, and threatening, if they were not paid, to take Possession of the Tolls, several of the said Trustees entered into a Resolution to advance on the Credit of the said Tolls £. too each, in Order that a sufficient Sum of Money might be raised to pay off such Creditors; and, in consequence of such Resolution, a sufficient Sum of Money was advanced, and applied accordingly; and that such Money was advanced on the Credit of the Tolls, payable as well at the said Turnpike Gate In Gray's Inn Lane, as at the other Turnpike Gates on the said Roads, and if the said Trustees had apprehended that the said Gate would have been discontinued or removed, they w'ould not have advanced the lame; and that several Buildings have been erected near to the End of Gray's Inn Lane, which are at present in an unfinished State; that the Brick and Rubbish Carts, paf-sing to and from the same and other Places, occasion considerable injury to the said Roads; and the Petitioners apprehend, that the taking Tolls at the said Gate will not be more oppressive than at the several Turnpikes which are now Handing in the Avenues leading into London and West several of which separate a much greater Number of Houses from the Town than the said Gate; and that, by reason of the Vicinity of the several Houses erected on the North Side of the said Gate to London and the

Inhabitants of such Houses will necessarily occasion more Damage to the said Road than those who relide at a greater Distance, and in case the said Gate shall be removed, they will have the Benefit of a good Road without contributing to the Repairs thereof; and that notwithstanding the said Increased Income, the Trustees have been under the necessity of shortening the Time for watching and lighting Two Months, and of reducing the Expences thereof nearly Two Thirds: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may be heard by themselves or by Counlei, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Htgkgate Gatehouse and and for several other Purposes in the said first-mentioned Act contained, as gives Power to erect or remove Turnpikes or Toll Gates, so far as relates to erecting or continuing any Turnpike or Toll Gate in Gray's Inn Lane, or between the said Lane and the new Road leading from Islington to Paddington, is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee; to whom the Bill to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the South End of 7 South Street, in the Parish of South Mailing, near the Town of Ltwes, to Glyndbridge, and from therice through Firle Street under the Hill to Longbridge, in the Parish of Alfrifton, in the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the tame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, aid made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ia his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of an Act, made in the Thirfy-second Year the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Mold to Denbigh, and from thence to Dal y Cand Conway, and other Roads in the Counties ol Denbigh, and Carnar-

von, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre-lented to the House,' and read; Setting forth, That the Roads directed to be repair, d by the said Act, were divided into Three Distriits or Divisions, and the Road leading from Wrexham- to through the

Par illirs of Wrexham, Llandeg in Yale,

Llanfair, Dyjfryn, Chvyd, Ruthin, -

fur eg, Lhvnnys, Llanrkaiadr, an 1 Denbigh, is therein

called The Third Divifon of Roads, and the Petitioners

arc Trustees for the Gate of th it Division; and that several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls collected within the same, which* together with the Tolls, have been duly applied to the Repair of the said Road, and great Progress has been made therein; but a conficfcpaUie Sum of Money is now owing on the Credit"of the Tolls, which Cannot be repaid, nor can the Road be com pleated and kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as the same relates to the said Third Division of Roads, be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as they shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Wat kin WilliamsMr. Myddelton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Pa- pers, and Records.

A Petition of Charles Henry Cazenove and David Duval, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Popham and Mr- St. John do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Thomas Skipwith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads from Warwick to Paddle Brook, and from Longbridge to Stratford upon Avon, in the Counties of Warwick and

Warcester >

South

Mulling,

&'C*

Road.

Mold,

Road

Cazenove and i Duvtl'i

Nat.

Wanriefc

&c.

Roads.

ao Geo. III. 7* Februarii. > %ni

Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tirhe.

Birmingham A Petition of Samuel Raker, Jonathan

Towa. jon Freeth, Edward RijlThomas Edward

Thomafon, Timothy SmithJofeph Jukes, JoJ'eph Guejl,

Rickard Dear man, John Turner, "John Francis

Parrott, William RuJJ'ell, Thomas arid

Elias Wallin, Commissioners constituted and appointed in and by Two respective Acts of Parliament, one thereof passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third; intituled, "An Act for laying (.pen and widening certain Ways " and Passages within the Town of and for cleaning and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways* " and PatTages there, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructi.ms therein;" and the other, palfed in the Thirteenth Year of His laid Majesty, to amend and explain the iaid former Act, and for widening certain other Streets and Places, and for establishing a Nightly Watch, and for regulating Carts and Carmen employed in the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find the Powers contained in the said Acts are greatly insufficient for the Purpnibs intended; and that the present Public Market in the said Town is very incommodious, and insufficient for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants and the Public at large retorting thereto, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage and Improvement of the Town, if the present Market Place was enlarged; but that to accomplish the fame, it will be necdlary to Purchase and take down several Buildings in different Streets and Past'ages in the Town, not only for the Purpose of forming and establishing the said Market, but to make proper Openings and Avenues thereto; and that it will also tend greatly to the Advantage and Ornament of the said Town, and to the Safety of the Inhabitants, if certain other Ways and Passages were laid open and widened, and many Buildings, Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein removed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Improvement and Accommodation of the said Town, with Powers similar to those granted by the said former Acts, and such other Powers as the House shall think fit and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it 111 all appear to them, to the House.

- And it is referred to Sir Thomas Skipwith, the Lord Beauchamp, &c.: And they are to meetTo-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Banbury An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and to Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of

Road'1* ^1C RciSn his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act

" to widen and repair the Road from The Guide Post " near the End of Drayton Lane, near Banbury, in the County of Oxford, to the House called The Sum " Rising, at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of " Warwick," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass i And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act> made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act to widen and repair the Road from The Guide Post near the End of Drayton Lane, near Banbury, in the County " of Oxford, to the House called dhe Sun Rising at <c the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of " wick"

Ordered, That Mr. St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

You 37.

A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas. Lord Oldfwinford

Foley, Baron of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, and the humble Petition of the Honourable Andrew Foley, Esquire, and the Reverend Robert Foley;

Doctor in Divinity, and Dean of Devices

in Trust named in the last Will and Testament of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Foley, lately cleccafed,

Lords of the Manors of O/dfivinfBedcoat, and

Siuurbridge, and of the Hamlet or Manor of in the l’arish of Oldfwinford, in the County of

refer, and Patroh or Patrons of the Rectory, and Church of Oldfwinford aforesaid; the Reverend Robert Foley, Rector of the Parish of Oldfwinford aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whose Names' are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands and Tenements Within the liiid Manor and Parish, was prefenred to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there arc, Within the Hamlets of Oldfwinford,

Wollefcott, The Lye, Stourbridge, and in this

Parish of Oldfwinford aforesaid, several Commons and Waste Lhnds, called The Short Hcath, The Lye, or Wafe, Stourbridge Common, and Common,

Which lie open arid unincldfed, hnd contain in the Whole, by Estimation, 700 Acres or thereabouts; and that the said Commons and Waste Lands at present afford little br no Profit or Advantage, but are capable of great Impfovemerit, and the same would, if divided and inclosed, so as to be converted into Tillage, be df great Advantage to the Persons interested therein, and of public Utility; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said several Commons and Waste Lands called The Short Heathj The Lye or Wajle, Stourbridge Common, and Woil aft on

Common, in the Parish of Oldfwinforin the County of WorceJIeraforesaid, unto arid amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Manner as to tire House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Foley do prepare, and bring in; the fame.

Sir William Guise preknted to the’House, according Burford

to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Road*

an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road from The Hand and Post " in Upton Field, in the Parish of in the County of Oxford, through the several Parishes " within mentioned, to a Place in the Parish of,

" in the County of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy And the same Was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant td Coventry the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, in the County of Warwick, in the room of Waller Waring, Esquire, deceased.

The House was nioved, That the Order, made upon Middlesex Thursday last, for adjourning the further Confident- freeholder* tion of the Petition of the Freeholders of the ’

County of Middlesex till that Day Sevennight, might be Election, read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Petition* be further adjourned till Thursday Fortnight* the Twenty-fourth Day of this Instant February.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account; ^Account of how much of the Land Tax for the Year Land Ta*. 1779, is paid into the Exchequer.

Mr.

57*

7° — 8* February.

; A. 1780.

LandUgof . Mr. Ord, according to Order, Reported from the rmc ood*. comm|ttce of the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending the Provisions of Two Act’, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to bringing' Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanijl) Prize Goods ;and for repealing lb much of the said last mentioned Act as relates to the Certificates for Prize Tea <md East India Goods, exported from this Kingdom to Ireland; and for allowing East India Goods, condemned as Prize at any Out Port, to be removed to London for Sale; and for the Removal of Prize Goods for Exportation, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Dr. Home Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be. given thanked, to the Reverend Doctor Horne, President of Magdalen College, in the University of Oxford, for the Sermon by him preached upon Friday last, before this House, at Saint Margaret*s, Westminster; and that he be desired to

print the lame: And that the Lord Lewisham and the Lord North do acquaint him therewith.

Oyrter Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Fithcriej. the better Protection of Oyster Fisheries, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Mr. St. John and Mr. Ord do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Votes at The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a County Committee of the wiiole House, upon the Bill to re-e , UJ1S‘ fnove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Elwes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunied the Chair.

Mr. Elwesreported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Elwes accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee Had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Instant February.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-tad Mean*. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

20

Martis, 8° die \

Anno 4o® Georgii III"1 Regis, 17S0.

Prayers.

AP E T IT I O N of 'Robert Langford, Lord of the Manor of Ensham, in the County of Oxford, and an Owner and Proprietor of some considerable Part of tire Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, and of the Op en Heath called Ensham Heath, within the Parish of Ensham aforesaid, and intitled to Right of Common in and upon the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other the Commonable Lands within the said Parish, on Behalf of himself and of the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements, and Persons intitled to Common Right, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish, several large Open Common Fields and Common Meadows, in which the Lands of the Petitioner, and the other Owners and Proprietors thereof, lie inte’mixed, and in small Quantities; and all!) a large Quantity of other Lands, which are Commonable to the Petitioner, and others the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the said Parish, at stated Times in che Year; and likewise a large Parcel or Tract of Open Land called Heath; all which,

in their present Situation, are incapable of any conti-derable Improvement; and that it will be very advantageous to the Petitioner, and the several other Owners and Proprietors thereof and Persons interested therein, if tire laid Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands anti the said Parcel or Tract of Open Land called Ensham Heath, were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, and the said Parcel or Tract of Open Land called En~ sham Heath, within the said Parish of Ensham, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall appear reasonable and proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Page, Lord Charles Spencer, and the Lord Wenmon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to enable Richard Bourne, Esquire, his First and other Sons, and their Issue Male, and his and their respective Children, to afiume and Use the Name and bear the Arms, of Charlett, pursuant to the Will of Arthur Charlett, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Most noble John Duke of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for carrying into Execution a Contract made pursuant to an Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of his late Majesty King George the First, between the Cornmil-fioners of His Majesty’s Treasury and the-then Duke and Dutchess of Athol (at that Time the Proprietors of the Isle of Man) and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Island, and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly named, it I? enacted, that immediately after the Payment of the

sum

Enfluni

Indofury

Bmimt't

Name

[(leaf Man-

20 Geo. III. 8° Fel573

Sum of £. 70,000 by his Majesty, at the Time and in Manner therein mentioned, the Island, Cattle, Pec!e, and Lordship of Man, and all the Islands and Lordships thereto appertaining, together with the Royalties, Regalities, Franchises, Liberties, and Sea Ports, to the same belonging, and all other Hereditaments and Pre-tn lies comprized, mentioned, and granted in the Letters Patent t.icrein recited, beanng Date respectively the 6th April 7th Henry 4th, the 28th June 7th James id, and 2d May 8th James ill, and the Act therein recited, made in the said Eighth Year of the said King James the First, and every or any of them (except as thereinafter is excepted) lhon'd be, and they were thereby unalienably vested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, treed and discharged from all Estates, Uses, Trulls, Intails, Reversions, Remainders,- Limitations, Charges, Incumbrances, Title-., Claims, and Demands whatlocver, as fully and entirely as if the said Letters Patent, and Act of Parliament, and the Estates, Interests. Hereditaments, and P.emifils therein or in any of them comprized, mentioned, and granted, were therein again transcribed and repeated; in which said Act is contained a Proviso, whereby it is enacted, that nothing in the said Act contained should extend, or be construed to extend, to veil in His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, the Patronage of the Bishoprick of the said Island o f Man, or of the Bishoprick of , or of the Bi-

shonrick of Sodor and Man, or the Temporalities of the fad Bishoprick or Bishopricks, whenever it or they shall become vacant, or the Right of Advowson, Patronage, Presentation, Collation, Donation, Nomination, or free Disposition, of or to any Archdeaconries, Canonaries, Prebends, Colleges, Hospitals, Churches, Chapels, Rectories, Vicarages, or other Ecclesiastical Benefices or Promotions whailoever, within the said Island, Lordship, and Territory of Man, or the Dependencies thereof, or any Hundreds, Wapentakes, Manors, Towns, Vills, Churches, Monasteries, Abbeys, Priories, or the Scites, Circuits, or Precincts thereof, Farms, Messuages, Houses, Granges, Tofts, Cottages, Curtilages, Barns, Stables, Mills, Dove Houses, Orchards, Fruiteries, Gardens, Lands, Demesne Lands, Glebe Lands, Meadows, Lea-lows, Feedings, Failures, Wood Lands, Woods, Underwoods, Coppices, Trees, or the Soil or Ground thereof, Walles, Void Grounds, Roads, Paths, Heaths, Furzes, Moots, Marlhcs, Mines of Lead or Iron, or other Base Metals, Collieries, Quarries, Inland Waters, Pools, Fishponds, Wateroourles, Streams, Rivulets, Aqueducts, Rents, Arrearages of Rent, Rents Services, Rent Charges, Kents Seek, Rents Reserved, Annual Farm Rents, Fee Farm Rents, Rents of Assize, Annuities, Ilerriots, Services or Works of Tenants, either free or cn (ternary, Rectories, Tythes, or Impropriations of Tythes, cither great or final), predial, personal, or mixed, Portions of Tythes, Pensions, Oblations, Ob-ventions. Commons, Frankfolds, Eftovers, Commons of Ellovers, Turbaries, Ways, Passages, Easements, Forests, Parks, Liberties ot Parks, Chafes, Lawns, Warrens, Afiarts, Purpreftures, Chiminages, Hawkings, Huntings, Pilcaries, Fishings, Fairs, Fair Days, Markets, Stallages, Tolls, Multures, Waifs, Estrays, Deo-dands, Wrecks of the Sea, A fuze or Assay of Bread, Wine, or Beer, Fealties, Reliefs, Escheats, Forfeitures, Goods and Chattels of Traitors, Felons, Clerks, Convict Fugitives, Persons convicted, attainted, condemned, outlawed, put in exigent, or Handing mute. Suits of Tenants, Courts Baron, Profits or Perquisites of Courts Baron, Fines, Amerciaments, or any Thing to Courts Baron appertaining, or any Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Emoluments, or Appurtenances, Spiritual or Temporal, to the said reserved and excepted Premisses, or any of them, belonging, incident, appendant, or in any wise appertaining, or any Interest therein, in possession, Remainder, or Reversion, within the said Island of Man, or any of the Hlands and Dependencies to the same belonging, but that the same and every Part V01. 37-

thereof should stand and be fully and clearly excepted IfleofMan and reserved out of the said Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, and all and every the Provisions therein contained, and should be, remain, and continue vested in such and the same Person and Persons, for such and the same Estate, and Estates, and to and for such and the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as if the said Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty had never been made; and should be holden of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by the said honorary Service of rendering to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, Kings and Queens of England, Two Falcons on the Days of their respective Coronations, and at and under the Yearly Rent ofj£. 101. 1 11 to be paid

at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer at Westmin-Jier aforesaid; and that in several Instances, the Refer-vations, Rights, and Interests, intended and agreed by the said Contraft between the said Commissioners of the Treasury and the said Duke and Dutchess of to

be reserved to them, their Heirs and Successors, and to be fully and clearly excepted out of the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, require Explanation and Amendment, and in many other Instances proper Remedies or Powers were omitted to be given by the said Act to the said Duke and Dutchess of Atholl, their Heirs or Assigns, Seneschals or Stewards, Moars or Bailiffs, for the obtaining due Exercise and Enjoyment of the several Rights and Interests, which, in and by the said Act, were agreed, or intended to be reserved; and t hat the several Doubts, Difficulties, and Omissions hereinbefore mentioned, cannot be effectually obviated or supplied, nor can many of the Records of the said Islands, which are so incorporated or intermixed as to be incapable of Separation, be properly preserved, not only for the reciprocal Use and Benefit of the Crown and of the said Duke of Atholl, their respective Officers and Servants, but also for the Use and Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Isle of Man, nor can the said John Duke of Atholl be protested and quieted in the Obtaining, Exercise, and Enjoyment of his just Rights, or be enabled to take or use summary and adequate Remedies for the Recovery thereof, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty; and to ascertain and establish the Jurisiliftion of the Manerial Courts of the Most Noble John Duke of , in the said Island; and to enable the said Duke, and his Heirs, to obtain, exercise, and enjoy, certain Powers and Remedies therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Colonel Murray and Lord Frederick Campbell do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Lands Touenhill and Grounds called Whole Year Lands, Half Year In- with closures, Open Field Lands, Shack Meadows, and also certain Commons, Severals, and Wastes, within the Parish 0 of Tottenhill with West Briggs, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Refobed, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward AJiley, Mr. Bacon, &cc: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

A Petition of James Townsend, Esquire, Lord of the Walpole several Manors of Walpole, formerly Eldreds, and ar,d

Walpole, on the Part of Walpole, in the Township of '^^fure0" Walpole, otherwise Walpoo! ',in the County of Norfolk,

Robert Cony, of North Runiion, in the said County,

Esquire, and Richard Fawffsti, of Castle Rising, in the said County, Gentleman, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of Commonable Messuages in the Township of Walpole aforesaid, on Behalf of themselves

7 G and

574

and the other Owners of Commonable Messuages there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Manors and Township, a Common or Waste Ground, called The Salt Marfa, containing, by Estimation, 2,000 Acres, lying on the South East Side of the River, or Channel, running from Wisbech to the Sea, and extending from tire Sands at Low Water Mark on the Norfolk Side of the said River, or Channel, to the Sea, or Fence Bank of the Township of Walpole, and from the inclosed Marsh in West Walton, Northward, unto a Ditch, or Creek, dividing the said Common Salt Marsh from a Salt Marsh in the Tenure of Tweedy, Yeoman, lying in

Walpole aforesaid, which Creek begins at the South End of the inclosed Marsh of the said James Townsend, in Walpole aforesaid, in the Occupation of the said Tweedy, and extends Northward to the Sluice erected for running the Water from the said inclosed Marsh, and from the said Sluice Northward, towards the lliver, and also several other Commons or Waste Grounds; and that the Petitioner James Townsend is Lo’d of the said Manors, and, as such, Owner of the Soil of the said Commons or Waste Grounds, and the Petitioners are Owners of several Messuages fituUe in the Township of Walpole aforesaid, and they and the several Occupiers thereof, are intituled to a Right of Common or Feed upon the said Commons or Waste Grounds, in respect of their said Messuages, but receive little Benefit from their laid Rights, as the said Commons or Waste Grounds, or great Parts thereof, are frequently overflowed with the T ides, whereby the Feed is injured, and their Cattle are frequently drowned; and that the Petitioners are delirous to have the said Commons or Waste Grounds embanked, inclosed, and di-

I vided, and that specific Shares thereof lhouicl be allotted

to them, and all other Persons imerelted therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, which will not only greatly improve the Soil and Feed thereof, and secure from Danger the Cattle feeding thereon, but also be a Defence for the rest of the said Township against high and violent Tides, of late Years frequent and sudden; and that such Embankment, Inclosure, Division, and Allotment, would be for the Benefit of all the Parties interested in the said Commons or Waste Grounds, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for embanking, inclosing, dividing, and allotting the said Commons or Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring, in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Aftley and Mr. Coke of Norfolk do prepare, and bring in, tire fame.

M 7 A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

C,l"r" ’ thereunto lubscribed, on Behalf of themselvesand others, the Trustees for putting in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, made, one in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " building a new Parish Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a Chapel, and for making a Cosmetary, or Church Yard, and for building an House " for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint " Mary le Hone, in the County of ;" and the

other in the'Twelfth of His said Majesty’s Reign, fir amending and rendering more effectual, the aforesaid Act, wss presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by the last mentioned Act it was enacted, that it should and might be lawful for the said Trustees, or an.v Nine or more of them, and they are thereby authorized and impowered to caute a Church to be built unon a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging to Henry I! illiam Portman, Esquire, therein particularly described; and that it is now found inconvenient to build a Church upon the said Piece of Ground, and the said Trustees have, at the Request of the said Henry

178 CL

William Portman, agreed to relinquish to him and Iris Heirs, all their Estate, Right, Title, and Interest in and to the said Ground, but cannot carry the said Agreement into Execution without the Aiel of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the repealing of so much only of the said last mentioned Act as authorizes and impowers the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, to cause a Church to be built upon the said Ground, and for vesting the Freehold and Inheritance thereof, discharged from every Power and Authority that might be executed upon it by virtue of the said last mentioned Act of Parliament, in the said Henry William Portman, his Heirs and Assigns, to and for the only proper Ule and Behoof of the said Henry William Portman, his Heirs and Assigns, absolutely, for ever.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Popltam, Mr. Recorder of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Bartholomew Huber, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Natu alization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prajer of the said Petition: And that M . Popium and Mr. Macdonald do prepare, and bring in the lame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Weymouth, Lord of the Manor of Pembridge , in

the County of Hereford, and the humble Petition of James King, El quire, Owner and Proprietor of the greatest Part of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Township of Noke, in the Parish of Pembridge, in the said County, on Behalf of

them (elves and the other Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Township, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that there is, within the said Township, a Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Northwood Common or H ood, over which the Petitioners, and the other Owners and Proprietors aforesaid, are entitled to Right of Common; and that the said Common is, in its present Situation, incapable of Improvement, but, if divided and inclosed, the same might be put in a State of Cultivation, and greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common or Waste Ground, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Harley and Sir George Cornewall do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition ol Tomkyns Dezu, Esquire, Thomas IVeale, of the Parish of Win the County of Hereford, Gentleman, Francis Eves, of The Hay, in the County of Brecon, Gentleman, Charles Haywood, of The Sheepcott in the Parish of C/iford, in the said County of Hereford, Gentleman, Lewis Chambers, of the said Parish of Clifford, Gentleman, and John Phillips, of The Hay aforesaid, Gentleman, and of several other Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the said Counties of Hereford and Brecon, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said

Petition;

8® Februarii.

Huber’s

Nat.

Northwood

Inclosure.

Rye Riter Bridge.

ao Gjeo. III. 8° Februarii. 57$

Petition; and had directed him to report the tame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as i'ulloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; a Member present informed the Committee, That the present Ferry over the River between Whitney and Clifford, in the County of Hereford, is very dangerous and inconvenient for Passengers, and sometimes impalpable; and that it would be of great Benefit and Conve* nience to all Persons travelling that Road, and of public Utility, if a proper and substantia! Carriage Bridge was built over the said River at the said Ferry — That certain Persons are willing, at their own Expence, to undertake to build l'uch Bridge, on being permitted to receive reasonable Tolls thereat. And Dew,

Esquire, the Lord of the Manor, and Owner of the said Ferry, being present, informed your Committee, that he was contenting thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge across the River Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in the County of Hereford: AnJ that Mr. Alderman Harley and Sir George do pre-

pare, and bring in, the lame.

Ww-ett street Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, &c- w|lorn the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Owners, Occupiers, and Inhabitants, of Grounds, Houses, and Premifl'cs, in Gofwe/l Street, leading from Aldersgate Ears, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aider fate, London, to the Turnpike Gate at the End of Goswel Street aforesaid, lying in the several Parishes of Saint Luke Old Street, Saint James and Saint John Clerkeinvell, and Saint Botolph without AUerfgate aforesaid, in the County of A was

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Repoit in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving the " High Street or Road leading from Aldersgate Bars,

" in the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldersgate,

" London, to the Turnpike near the End of Street, in the County of Middlesex; and for applying " the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, to be raised upon " the Credit of the Surplulfcs to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphan’s Fund, for that " Purpose," was read; whereby it appeared, that there are no Powers or Authorities therein for keeping the said Street in Repair, after the same has been effectually paved by the City of London. And,

Mr. Edward Seivard being examined, informed your Committee, That Application has been made to the City of London, for paving the said High Street; but they decline doing it, until an Act of Parliament has been procured, for cleansing and keeping the same in perpetual Repair.

And the Witness further said, That the aforesaid Parishes are very large and extensive, and such Parts thereof as lie on the East and Welt Sides of Goswell Street, are much improved of late Years, with new Buildings; and that there is room for further Improvements, which are neglected on Account that the Pavement of the said Street is in bad Repair — That the said High Street is the most public Road leading from the great Northern and West Chester Roads, to the Interior Parts of the City of London, and by reason of the great Number of Carriages which pals through the fame, the Pavement thereof will want a continual Repair, after the same shall have been paved agreeable to the said Act,

Vol, 37.

Then an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for paving,

" repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the " Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages within " the Parish of Saint John ClerkenWctl, in the County " of Middlesex; and for removing Obstructions and " Annoyances therein And also,

Another Ad, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, and keeping in " Repair, the Streets, Lanes, and Passages in the Parish " of Saint Luke, in the county of ; for remov-

" ing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and for " widening the Passages at the West End of Chiswell " Street, and at the South End of Brick Lane, in the said " Parish And also,

An Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " paving, repairing, lighting, and watching, the Streets " and other public Passages and Places within that " Part of the Parish of C/erkenwell called Saint " and removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein;

" for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell Green to " the Parish Church; and for watching and lighting " certain Highways within the said Parishwere read.

And the Witness said, That in pursuance of the said Acts, such Parts of the Foot Paths of the said High Street or Road called Goswell Street, as lie on the East and West Sides thereof, within the said Parishes of Saint John, Saint Luke, and Saint James, have been paved, lighted, and watched, under the Direction of Commissioners authorized by the said Acts, and the Expence thereof defrayed by certain Rates levied by virtue of the said respective Acts.

That from the Vicinity of the said Parishes to the Fields leading to Islington and Places adjacent, the Road is dangerous, being subject to disorderly People; and it would be a great Security to the Inhabitants, if a Nightly Watch was to be established, and a Power granted to remove Nuisances and Incroachments, and to prevent the same for the future; and that if the said Streets were regularly cleansed and lighted, it would be of great Benefit to the Petitioners, and the Public in general.

And the Witness added. That the Petitioners and other Inhabitants living in and near Goswell Street and Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, are willing to take the Repair of the said Street under their own Management and Direction, and to light, watch, and cleanse the fame, upon being inverted with proper Powers for that Purpose.

Mr. James Austin confirmed, the Evidence of Mr.

Sezvard.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, lighting, watching, and cleansing Street,

in the County of Middlesex, and for removing Nuisances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future: And that Mr. Alderman Harley and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Goswell str«« thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the Pav*"£' *c* rest of the Owners, Occupiers, and Inhabitants, of Grounds, Houses, and PremilTes, in Bull Yard, house Yard, and the North Side of Fans Alley, all within the Liberty of Glafts-houseTard, in the Parish of Saint

Botolph without Aldersgate, in the County of Middlesex, and Mount Mill and Willow Court, lying on the East Side of Goswell Street, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the said County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observed, by the Votes, that aPetition has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for keeping in Repair, lighting, watching, and cleansing, the Street or Road called Goswell Street, leading from Aldersgate Bars without Alder fate, London, to the Turnpike at the End of

576 8* Februariu A. 1786.

the said Street; and that the said Places called

Yard, Glass-hotifeYard, the North Side of Fans and Mount Mill and Willow are greatly out of

Repair, and in a ruinous Condition, and it would be of great Convenience-and public Utility if the same were properly paved, lighted, watched, and cleansed, and all Nuisances and Incroachments removed therefrom, and prevented in future: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the above Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman , Mr.

Recorder of London, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sleaglll A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are liicioiure. thereunto set. Owners of Land, and having Right of Common, or other Interest, in the Common or Waste Grounds within the Manor of in the County of Westmoreland, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, in the Year 1777, Application was made to Parliament, for an Act for dividing and iri-closing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Lordship of Kings in the Parish of

Moreland, in the county of ; and that pend-

ing the Application for the said Act, the Solicitor for it, who was Steward or Agent to the Lord of the said Manor or Lordship, and also a Steward of the Courts of the said Manor, and a Commissioner named in the said Act, was repeatedly asked and very urgently prelT-ed by the Lord of the Manors or Lordships of Sleagill, Rea0ill, and Mauls Meabu, by which the said Manor

or Lordship of Kings Measurn is in Part bounded, to be informed if there were any Disputes touching the Boundaries of the said Manor or Lordship of Kings and the Boundaries of the several other Manors or Lordships by which the said Manor or I.ordship of Kings Measurn was bounded, because if there were any Disputes, the said Act would be opposed, but if there were none, then that no Opposition would be given to it; to which the Solicitor for the said Act repeatedly declared, that there were no Disputes whatsoever about the Boundaries of the said Manor or Lordship of Kings Measurn, or any of the adjoining or bounding Manors or Lordship?, and the said Act accordingly passed without any Opposition; and that (bon after the passing of the said Act, it appeared, that there were Disputes touching the Boundaries between the said Manor or Lordship of Kings Meab, and all or most of the other Manors or Lordships adjoining to or bounding thereon; for though the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Lordship of Kings before and at the Time of the passing of the said Act, according to the Reputation of the Country, did not consist of above Two Hundred Acres of Ground, yet the said Steward of the Lordship or Manor of Kings Measurn, in the Perambulation of the Boundary of the said Manor, and the Common and Waste Grounds within the said Manor, on the 12th Day of June 1777, very soon after the passing of the said Act, rode in a great Number of Acres of Common or Waste Ground belonging to the Manor or Lordship of Sleagill, and other the adjoining Manors or Lordships, or ioine of them; and that the Tenants o( the said Manor of Sleagill immediately applied to the Steward of the Courts of the said Manor, in order to do what was proper to preserv their Rights, who promikd them to do it, and allured them, that their Rights should be taken Care of; and that feme short Time alteruards one of the Tenants of the said Manor of Sleagill, by Accident, was informed, that the Claim

which had been made of their Rights had been objected to, and that if an Action had not then been taken out in order to have their Rights tried, it would alter wauls be too late, and they would be debarred therefrom; and that the Steward of the Courts of the said Manor of Sleagill had been for some Time before, and was then, in a very bad State of Health, and loon afterwards died: and upon the Tenants of the said Manor making Application to know what had been done respecting their Rights to such Parts of the said Common and Waste Ground which they claimed to belong to, and to be Part of, the Common and Waste Ground of the Manor of Sleagill, and which the Steward of the Lord of the said Manor of Kings Measurn, in the Perambulation of the Boundaries of the said Manor, and of the Common and Waste- Grounds intended to be divided and inclosed by the said Act, had rode in, they were informed, that their Claim which had been delivered in to the Commission rrs at their Second Meeting, on the ift Day of October1777, had been objected at their Third Meeting, on the 15th Day of the same Month, and that they were totally debarred from all Right and Title to the Common and Wb.fte Grounds contained within the Boundaries of the said Manor of Kings Measurn, as perambulated as aforesaid, as they had not brought an Action at Law in order to have their Right tried within One Month after their Claim had been objected to, as by the said Act was required:

And that the Tenants of the said Manor of Sleagi/J bring in Manner aforesaid deprived of their Bights to a considerable Part of the Common and Waste Ground belonging to the said Manor of , and of all

Means for the Recovery thereof without the Inteipo-fition of Parliament, the Petitioners therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Recorder of , Mr,

Lowther, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. St. John presenteu to the House, according to 0l'IV Order, a Bill for the better Protection of Oyster Fisheries, within that Part of Great Britain called And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Edward Banner, William , John Hirwu';'’1

Gimblett, and William Smith, Churchwardens, and Poor’sK.w* James Greaves, ’Thomas Gill, John Rickards, John Berry, and Stephen Seager, Overi'eeis of the Poor or the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Town of Birmingham is very large and populous, containing upwards of 8,cco (loufes, a great Number of which are of small annual Rents, and occupied by Manufacturers who are employed in the several Branches of Trade carried on in the said Town; and that 'the Petitioners observe, from the Parish Books, that only 2,823 Houses are rated towards the Maintenance of the Poor, and many ThouLnd Houses are not afll-lTed to Church and Poor, to the great Burthen of those who are a 111: tied to and now pay the said Rates; and that the Petitioners have great Realbn to believe, that Landlords or Owners of many of the Lid Houses Jet them to Tenants at a high Rent on account of their not being addled to the Poor, by which Means they obtain to themselves the Whole or a Part of that Money which ought to be paid to the Overseers for the

Support

20 Geo III. 8 Feb fuaf£77 -

Support arid Maintenance of the Poor; and that the Sum levied, and to be levied, upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish for the present Year> for the Maintenance of the Por only, wiil amount to the Sum of 9.500, which Money will be collected from the Occupiers of about 2,500 Houses, who, in Consequence, pay for the other Houses which are not asseflld, and which are upwards of 5,0oo; and that the Petitioners apprehend it will be a considerable Relief to the Inhabitants who are rated to the Poor, if the Landlords or Owners of all Houses under £. to a Year were to pay the Rates for the fame, and such a Regulation would be for the Advantage of the Town, and would not materially affect either the Owners or Occupiers of such Houses: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to oblige the Landlords or Owners of all Houses under £. 10 a Year, to pay the Church and Poors Rates for the lame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Mr. Grey,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Stockbridge Mr. Penton reported from the Committee, to whom . w the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put

"ic. *r* into Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-full Year of Road*, the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Roads from the Town of S in the County of Southampton, to the City of and from the said City, through Bellmour Lane, to the Top of " Stephens CastleDown, near the Town of Bishop's " ham, in the said County; and from the said City " of Winehefter, through Otterborne, to Bargate, in the

Town and County of the Town of was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: YY here the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Bob Burt informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and borrowed several Sums of Mo;icy upon the Credit thereof, which, with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied in repairing and amending the said Roads — That the Money so borrowed still remains due; and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unlel's the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof varied, altered, and enlarged.

And the Witness added, That if that Part of the said Road which leads from the City of , through

Otterborne, to Bargate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, was divided into separate Districts,

it would greatly contribute to the more speedy and effectual Reparation of the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a feill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Adlj made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stock-, bridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winehefter; and from the said City, through Lane, to the Tcp of Stephen's Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said County; and from the said City of Winehefter, through , to

Bargate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton: And that Mr. Penton and Mr* S/oane do prepare, and bring in, the famci

A Petition of John Robert Lloyd, Esquire; Lord of Whfctmgto* the Manor of Whittington, in the County of Salop, was *n<j, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign Boundaries of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Linds Within the Manor of Whittington, in the County of Salop; and that the Provision made by the said Act, for ascertaining and settling the Boundaries between the said Manor of Whittington, and the Manor of Ofvoeftry, within the said County, have been found inlulhcient for that Purpbfc; and, unlets some further Provision be made for ascertaining and settling the Boundaries between the said Manors, the Division and Inclosure of the fjiid Commons or YVaftc Lands cannot be established and completed: And therefore prayiitgy That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaining the said Boundaries, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Ba/dwyn, Mr. Hill, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of the Sums paid for Amount of " Contingencies for the Year 1778, out of the Sum of c^n1^’g.e* " £. 20,000 voted for that Service, on the Establishment of G uards and Garrisons, and £. 4,000 on the " Establishment of the Forces in the Plantations;

" making together £. 24,000."

Mr. Secretary at Y\7ar also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Expence of the New Roads of Com- Estimate munication, and building of Bridges, in the Highlands of of North Britain, in the Year 1780, pursuant to the New Road* Order of Lieutenant General Sir Adolphus Oughtem, com- $cotkud manding His Majesty’s Forces in North Britain.

And the Titles of the said Paper and Estimate were read.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Voi-37- 7 H ESTIMATE

8° Februarii,

A. 1780.

578

ES Tf M AT E of the Expeace of the New Roads of Communication, and building of Brh lands of North Britain, in the Year 1780, pursuant to the Order of Lieut. General Sir commanding His Majesty’s Forces in North Britain.

To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling, by ,in Lennox, to Dunbarton; confiding of a Subalterns, at 3 Jh.per Diem each, 2 Serjeants at 1 Jh. each, 2 Corporals set id. each, 2 Drummers and 50 Private Men at 6 each, for 92 Days -Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Iron, Lime, and incident Expences ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort Augu towards Berner a and the Isle of Shy;

conGding of 2 Subalterns, t Serjeants, a Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 30 Private Men, at the said Rates, for 92 Days -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Iron, Lime, and incident Expences ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort Willi, over the Black Mountain, to Stirling, from Tyndrom to Inverary, and from Dalmalie to Branden; confiding of 1. Subaltern,

2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 50 Private Men, at IP Rates, for 92 Days each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, (Be. ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling, by Creeff and Tay Bridge, to -

doch; confiding of 1 Serjeants, a Corporals, and 28 Private Men, at D° Rates, for 92 Days ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, (Be. ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Inverness, by Pitmean, to Dalnacar doch j confiding of 1 Subaltern, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 30 Private Men, at D" Rates, for 92 Days each -

Extra Charges of Artficers, Carts, (Be. - - - - .

To a Party to work on the Road, from Canton to , in Rofsjldre; confiding of 2

Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 23 Private Men, at D° Rates, for 92 Days each Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, (Be. ——

To a Party to work on the Line of Road from Fort George, through , to

Barracks, Braemar Castle, and to Blairgowrie and Cupar in Angus-, confiding of 2 Subalterns, 2 Serjeants, 1 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 30 Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Day* each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, (Be. -

To a Party to work from Dunbarton, up Lochlomondjide, to Tarbet and Inverary, and through

Glenfallach and Glenfruen, to the Junction of the Road with the Black Mount Road; confiding of 1 Subaltern, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 30 Private Men, at D® Rates, for 92 Days each -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, (Be. -

To a Party to work on the Road leading over the Cairn Mount to; confiding of

2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and t8 Private Men, at D® Rates, for 92 Days each Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, (Be. ....

To a Party to work on the Road from Dunkeld, by in At hole, to Da/nacardoch; confiding of 2 Serjeants, a Corporals, and 24 Private Men, at D° Rates, for 92 Days each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, (Be.

To a Party to work on the Road from Fochaber's, on , to Strathbogie; confiding of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 24 Private Men, at D* Rates, for 92 Days each -Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, (Be. -

To a Party to work on the Road in Glenap, betwixt Balantree and Stranraer; confiding of 2 Subalterns, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 60 Private Men, at D® Rates, for 92 Days each -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, (Be. ——

To the new Road from Port Patrick to the River of Sark, and to the Harbour at Port Patrick ——

To Ensign MCorkle, William Taylor, Alexander McLeod, and David Robertson, Over-seers -

BRIDGES.

To build 1 Arch of 30 Feet, at Glenap ——

To D® 2 D° of 18 Feet each, in D® -

To D" 3 D° of 14 Feet each, in D® ——

To D° 4 D® of 12 Feet each, in D®

To build 6 Arches upon the Road from Dalwhimtie to the Water of Erick, where the Road has been changed, the old Road being destroyed entirely by the Water of Lojfie, which has changed its Channel.

Iges, in the High-Adolphus Oughton

I. s. d.

162 10 8

120 IO ---

162 10 8

117----

146 8 8

122 3 —

79 *4 8 32 1 6 —

146 8 8

122 10 —

72 16 8

49 l$

162 10 9

120 fj 6

too 8 8

82 16 9

79 14 8

57 16 —

70 10 8 49 «5 3

70 10 8

49 16 -p

183 10 8

138-----

2,000 — —

IOO — — wm

240 is — 251 13 — 105 — — 103 IS —

13o

i^-

I. I

10 j

10-

n !

20 Geo. III.

8° Februarii.

579

To build Bridges upon the Road from Avemere to Castle Grant -To repair several Bridges upon the Line of Road from Dunbarton, towards Inverary, and through Glenfallach, to the Fort William Road, a great many being in very bad Condition -

To repair the large Bridge in Glen Morrison, the Piling and Foundation having givenWay in several Places ——

To repair Bridges upon the Line of Road from IJla Bridge, by Blairgowrie, Braemarr, and Cor-garff Barracks, to Spey Bridge -

To a small Arches from Spey Bridge to Fort George, and to repair Bridges on that Line ——

To repair Bridges upon the Line of Road from Fort to Bemera -

To repair the large Bridges over the Water of Aray, and at the Head of Loch Tine -To repair the Foundation of Dunbarton Bridge ——

War-Office,

8 February 1780.

C. Jenkinson.

Total - - £.

160 5 —

323 10 6

206 2 — *

132 16 —

69 13 — 208 16 — 193 11 —

95 *5 —

6,997 4 3

Ordered, That the said Paper and Estimate do lie upon the Tabic, to be peruled by the Members of the

: ~ House.

U i A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are

16 _ aillDebt*, thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the j j more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, and other 10~ Places therein mentioned, in the County of York; and

representing to the House, that the said Act hath been

J found to be very injurious to many Persons who have

‘3 1 been the Objects of the Provisions of it, and, without

some necessary Alterations and Regulations, will, instead of being, as was meant and expected, an Advantage, by promoting Industry and encouraging useful Credit, be a 18 real Hardship upon Individuals, very oppressive to the

J Manufacturers, and of general Disadvantage to the

Country: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief 5 5 in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

16 } Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-14 1 mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

id - shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lascelles,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at :9 1 Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and

j j have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

0 1 miHi&nment The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Debtors. Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Debtors, with reli ed to the Impi ilbnment of > " " their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Piilon beyond a certain Time, " and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Ad, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon " Oath, their Estates for their Creditors’Benefit," might *’ be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that the Lord Beauchamp, the Earl Nugent, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Popham, and Sir Charles " film bury, do prepare,- and bring in, the fame.

- A Petition cf William Scorer being offered to be pre-

fented to the House;

Ye*. 37.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac- Stow'* quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been Portable informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recom- Telescope. mends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioner hath, by particular Study and Attention, and after a great Number of Experiments, and at much Expence, made great Improvements in Optical Instruments in general; and that he hath lately invented a Portable Telescope, which, on account of the Smallness of the Size, its great magnifying Powers, the Largeness of the Field of View and Distinctnels of Vision, and the Facility of adjusting the magnifying Power to the Size of the Object and State of the Atmosphere, and other Qualities, will be of great Utility to the Public in general, and particularly with respect to Navigation, as it may be used at the Mast-head of a Ship, whereby an Elevation is gained to deserv Objects at a Distance, far beyond the Power of any Telescope now in Ule, and remarkably excels all others in exhibiting Objects more clearly in a hazy At-mosphere, and will likewise be of great Advantage to the Officers of the Army both in the Field and in Garrison; and that the said Telescope may also be applied to the most minute Microlcopic Discoveries, with the particular Advantage of exhibiting to the Eye opake as well as pellucid Objects, and by Candle Light as well as by Day Light; and that it is also peculiarly adapted for making Astronomical Observations, which last mentioned Quality the Petitioner doubts not may be so improved as that thereby, together with the Means now in Use for the ascertaining the Longitude at Sea, that valuable Discovery may be completely obtained; and that, for the bringing the said Telescope to a Degree of Perfcftion adequate to the last mentioned Purposes, fume further Experiments will be required, which he is desirous and ready to make in case some Provision be made towards enabling him to defray the necessary Expences that may attend the Prosecution thereof: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Reward, and so to enable him to prosecute his Experiments, as to them may appear reasonable and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the' Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penton, Sir Gilbert Elliot,

&cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Sir

58o 8° Februarii. A. 1780.

Legbum Sir Cecil Wray preferred to the House, according to Mailer of the said Ship is a Subject, and the

Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Ship, after {ailing Forty-eight Hours, being driven back Fields, Lands, and Grounds, , in the Parish of Legbum, by contrary Winds, the Master was seized with a sudden in the County of Lincoln:And the same was received; and violent Sickness, which prevented his proceeding

and read the First Time. on his Voyage; and that the Mate, who then took the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Command, is likewise a Subject, and Two of the Mariners fully within the Provision above-mentioned Petition A Petition of the Merchants trading to Portugal, and inserted in former Acts for extending the Act of respecting whose Names are thereunto. subscribed, Owners and Navigation, but the said Provision not having been in-

thf fr PrP««tors of the Ship jenny, and the Cargo thereof, ferted in the Act for the better Supply of Mariners and

Jenny was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Seamen, passed in the last Session of Parliament, the

1 7' That the British Fleet employed in the Trade of Por- Petitioners are apprehensive that they may have inno-

tugal was, during the last Year, detained upwards of cently offended against the Letter of the Law; and that

Nine Months at Oporto, unable to obtain a Convoy, not- the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, under

withstanding the most pressing Applications frequently the same Apprehension, have done no more for the Pe-repeated to the Board of Admiralty; and that this De- titioners than limply to order the Ship and Cargo to tention having occasioned a great Want of Wine, the be delivered, the former on fotisfying the Officer, the

Petitioners ordered a Ship, called The Jenny, then lying latter on paying Aliens Duty; and that the Petitioners

disengaged at Dublin, and of which they are Part having already suffered a Loss of upwards of £. 1,000,

Owners, to proceed from thence to Oporto, to take in by so long a Detention of the Vessel, and the decreased a Cargo of Wine for London, as a temporary Supply Value of the Cargo, and conceiving that they have not till the Arrival of the Fleet; and that the said Ship was in any respect violated the Spirit of the Law, but have

immediately got ready and dispatched for Oporto, from considerably benefited both the Commerce and the Re-

whence (he arrived about the 13th of November last with venue of the Country, by bringing in a very useful

a Cargo, the British Duties upon which would bring Cargo in such a Time of general Distress, at a very'

into His Majesty’s Exchequer more than £. 4,000; and great Risk to themselves, apply with Confidence to the that there being no Convoy to prated the said Vessel, House for that Redress which hitherto they have not the Petitioners were obliged to give her the Appearance been able to obtain, trailing that every Motive of Juf-of a Dutch Vessel, for which Purpose fictitious Dutch tice and of Commercial Policy will induce the House Papers were procured, and some Dutch Sailors engaged; to prevent the Petitioners from being put to the farther and that, by this very justifiable Manoeuvre, she escaped Expence of Aliens Duty, or giving unmerited Satisfac-falling into the Enemies Hands, after having been tion to the seizing Officer for a Transaction perfectly brought to by an American Privateer for several Hours; fair in every Part of it, and beneficial to the Trade and and that, after the Ship’s Arrival in the River, the Cap- Revenue of their Country: And therefore praying, tain reported her in the Form to which he had always That an Act may be passed for the Delivery of the lafd been accustomed to report her at Dublin; and that, Ship and Cargo to the Petitioners, on paying after this Report, a Part of her Cargo was entered at Duties; and that the said Ship and Cargo be not the Custom House, and put into Lighters the next Day, liable to any Seizure, Forfeiture, or Penalty tvlut-with Intent to land them, but, to the infinite Surprize soever.

of the Petitioners, they learned that one of the Inspec* Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the tors of the Customs had seized the Ship and Cargo; Table, and that the Petitioners, ignorant of the Reasons of

this unexpected Seizure, presented a Memorial to the Sir George reported from the Committee, to

Commissioners of the Customs, dating their Grievance, whom the Petition of several Housholders and Inhabi-and imploring Redress, and after waiting some Time, tants of the Hamlet of Mile End New Town, in the they were given to understand, that the Commissioners Parish of Stebonheath, otherwise Stepney,

had ordered the Ship to be prosecuted on the Mifrepre- in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the fentation of the seizing Officer, who alleged, that her Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe-whole Crew was foreign, and the Mate who acted as a tition; and had directed him to report the lame, as Captain, only a Passenger; and that the Petitioners it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the thereupon presented a Memorial to the Lords Commis- Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered ir in at lioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, Hating the Reasons the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as of having procured fictitious Dutch Papers, corroborated followeth;

by the Bills of Lading, and an Affidavit of Alexander To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Rojbrough,a Native of Dublin, and the Ship’s Husband, Robert Goodman being examined, said. That he knows who arrived in London since the Delivery of the Peti- the Hamlet of Mile End New Town, in the Parish of tioners’Memorial to the Commissioners of the Customs, Saint Dunfian. Stepney, in the County of —

which Bills and Affidavit completely refuted the un- That the Poor of the said Hamlet are very numerous, grounded AlTertions of the Officer; and that the and are maintained by the Inhabitants thereof, at a great Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs in Dubl, F.xpence, fenarate and apart from the other Part of the always allowed the said Ship to clear out under Dutch said Parish; in the providing for which, the Inhabitants Colours, on an Affidavit being made by the Captain, of the said Hamlet have unavoidably contracted a Conor Husband, that such Clearance was only a necessary siderable Debt, which they are not able to pay, unless Precaution, in the present unprotected State of the Power is given to them to raise a Sum of Money for Trade, to guard her from the Enemy; and that the that Purpose. — 'And he further said, That the bunding, Petitioners had the less Reason to expect such a Seizure, luring, and fitting up a Workhouse, and the putting because they conceived, that the Act suspending the the Poor to be maintained and employed therein, under Act of Navigation, so for as relates to the Proportion a proper Regulation and Government, vyoukl be a Means of British and foreign Seamen, had made the same Pro- of their being more effectually relieved and provided visions as former Acts passed for the like Purpose, by for, and be a great Ease and Convenience to the Inha* which, in former Wars, it had always been provided, bitants.

that any foreign Mariner who had served Two Years, That the present Mode of assessing the Poor’s Pates either in His Majesty’s Navy, or on board any British within she so d Hamlet, hath been found inconvenient, Ship during a Time of War, should be considered as and oppressive to the lower Sort of Inhabitants; and a natural-born Subject of His Majesty; and that the that, by Means of Houses being let out in separate Apartments,

o.o Geo. III. 8° Februa 581

tnents, the Hamlet has been burthened with a great Number of casual Poor; from which Houses little or no Money can be raised towards the Relief of the Poor; which Evils, he thinks, might be remedied, if Powers were given to regulate the Mode of assessing the Poor’s Rates, and to charge the Landlords or Owners of Houses let out in Tenements, instead of the Tenants or Occupiers, and for enforcing the Payment of the fame.

That the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other Passages and Places within the said Hamlet, are not properly paved, nor sufficiently cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are obstructed by many Nuisances and Annoyances; and that it woold tend greatly to the Safety as well as to the Benefit and Convenience of the Inhabitants, if the same were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and the Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein were removed, and prevented in future.

Mr. Charles Beck being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Hamlet of Mile End A Town, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County o!; and for paving,

cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Open Passages and Places-aithin the said Hamlet, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future: And that Sir George Osborn and Mr. Byngdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Oats. Account of the Quantity of Oats shipped from the several Ports of Bojion and Spalding, in the County of Lincoln, from the Port of deck, in the Isle of Ely, and from the Port of Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, to the Port of London, for the Three Years last past, ‘ending the 25th of December 1779, distinguishing each Year.

Expenditure A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freehold-of ers of the County of York, was presented to the House,

PoM* Moiiejk antj rcatj. setting forth, That this Nation hath been engaged for several Years in a most expensive and unfortunate War; that many of our valuable Colonies, having actually declared themselves independent, have formed a ftritft Confederacy with France and the dangerous and inveterate Enemies of Great Britain; that the Consequence of those combined Misfortunes , bath been a large Addition to the National Debt, a heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of the Trade, Manufactures, and Land Rents of the Kingdom: Alarmed at the diminished Resources and growing Burthens of this Country, and convinced that rigid Frugality is now indil'penfably necessary in every Department of the State, your Petitioners observe, with Grief, that, notwithstanding the calamitous and impoverished Condition of the Nation, much public Money has been improvidently Iquandered; and that many Individuals enjoy sinecure Places, efficient Places with exorbitant Emoluments, and Pensions unmerited by Public Service, to a large and still increasing Amount, w'hence the Crown has acquired a great and unconditional Influence, which, if not checked, may soon prove fatal to the Liberties of this Country: Your Petitioners, conceiving that the true End of every legitimate Government is not the Emolument of any Individual, bur the Welfare of the Community, and considering that, by the Constitution of this Realm, the National Purse is intruded in a peculiar Manner to the Custody of this honourable House, beg Leave farther to represent, that, until effectual Measures be taken to redress the oppressive Grievances herein Rated, the Grant of any additional Sum of Public

Vol. 37.

Money, beyond the Produce of the present Taxes, will be injurious to the Rights and Property of the People, and derogatory from the Honour and Dignity of Parliament: Your Petitioners, therefore, appealing to the Justice of this honourable House, do most earnestly request, That, before any new Burthens are laid upon this Country, effoctual Measures may be taken by this House, to enquire into and corredf, the Grols Abuses in the Expenditure of Public Money, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments, to refeind and abolish all sinecure Places and unmerited Pensions, and to appropriate the Produce to the Necessities of the State, in such Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, Expenditure and Commons of the City of York, in Common Coun- of

cil assembled, was also presented to the House, and Publ‘c Mon*r‘ read: Containing the same Allegations and Request as the last preceding Petition.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Common- ,to* alty, of the City of Bristol, in Common Council assembled, was also presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the unhappy and destrutftive Contest so long subsisting between this Country and the American Colonies, having first annihilated a large Proportion of the National Commerce, has at last plunged this Kingdom into a most expensive War with the combined Powers of France and Spain, by which Means, while it has been the Occasion of increasing the Public Burthens to a Degree beyond Example, it has greatly diminished the Ability of supporting them, and the gre<* Increase of Taxes is so heavily felt, that many of the Manufactures and Branches of Commerce which are still retained, mud fink under the Preshire of any additional Weight; in Order to prevent such ex-tenlive Ruin, your Petitioners humbly submit to this honourable House, the Necessity there is that no Part of the Public Revenue, drained from the Industrious and Laborious, be diverted from the Purposes for which it was granted, and that Public CEconomy supply the Place of New Taxes; the Abolition of Pensions unmerited by Public Services, and of Places which are Sinecures, the Reduction of exorbitant Emoluments of Office, and a ftrid Attention to CEconomy in making Public Contrafts, would furnish, on Occasion of the present Emergency, some of the most safe and leasonable Resources, would introduce a Spirit of Frugality, the Want of which has been long lamented, and reduce the Influence of the Crown within those Bounds to which our wife Ancestors deemed it expedient, for the Safety of the Constitution, that it should be limited; by such a Zeal for the Public Good, a Confidence in Public Measures would be restored, and the Inhabitants of thele Kingdoms again become a great, an happy, and united People: Your Petitioners therefore humbly pray. That this just and necessary Reformation in the Public Expenditure, may be adopted, and the Savings accruing therefrom be faithfully applied to the National Service, in such Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Ditto. Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, in Common Council assembled, was also presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. At the Height of National Calamity, we. the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, in the Common Hall assembled, approach a British House of Commons with that Respect which is due to the appointed Guardians of our Rights, and with that Hope which it becomes us to entertain from those who are honoured with so great a Trust. The growing and almost insupportable Distrcfles of this injured and degraded Country, summon us into your Presence, that you may know our Scnfe of these

71 Distresses,

5 o a 3° Februdrii. A. 178 o.

Expenditure Distresses, of their Cause, and of their Remedy, and Public°Monej-. ^n<^’ *n l*ie Wishes of the People, the heft Encourage;

inent to an immediate and effectual Interposition for their Rescue. Whether by Crime, or by Misfortune, or both^ One great Member of the Empire' be

gone, yet, with such a Diminution of Wealth and Power, to be engaged in the most complicated and formidable War, surely alks for the most rigid CEconomy in every Department of the State: But with Grief and Shame we observe, that a Wasteful Prodigality has CUffipated our remaining Strength, and by enfeebling our Efforts, disgraced our Arms, and multiplied our L"ffes, while this very Prodigality becomes the Source of increased Demands, aggravates the Burthens under which every Rank and Description of the People bow, arid threatens in its Progress a general Ruin: We look vp to your honourable House for a Period to this dreadful Progress, and that, with the Integrity and Firmness of the Commons of Britain, you will make a.levere Enquiry into the Expenditure of that immense Treasure, which a Liberality unknown in the most flourishing Period has drawn from an almost exhausted Nation. The Magnanimity of a Free People can give the last Shilling in the Cause of their Country, but in no other Cause; and this Confidence, which shall dispose them to the last Exertions, can only be derived from your Inquisition into those Abuses, which may render such Exertions necessary; they expect to know that successive Grants shall not find them less prepared to meet an elated Foe, and facilitate the most awful of all Calamities, the Ruin of their Liberties. In this reduced and humble State of the Nation, it is a further Pain to observe the enoimous Sums which are diverted to no public Good, the exorbitant Emoluments annexed to real, and much more to nominal Offices, with indiscriminate unmerited Pensions, which devour the public Treasure, defeat the National Efforts, degrade the Spirit, of EngliJJimcn into a sordid Avarice, subvert the Independence of Parliament, and aft with a malignant Influence on all that is dear to our Country. Under the Impression of these awful Truths, we beg Leave to represent, that the Redrels of these ruinous Abuses is the Right of Britons, and the only Source from which Hope can again be brought baeje to their Country; and that, till foine wife and vi-goicus Measures for tire effecting this Purpose be adopted, no Addition can, with Wisdom, Honour, or Safety, he made to the Pecuniary Burthens of . these Kingdoms; we would respecttully observe, that such a Conduct, in Times of Danger, Distress, and Apprehension, has been the distinguishing Character of your honourable House, that, by which the very Being of your House, and the Being of our Constitution, has been preserved; and that in no. Period has Distress and Apprehension more summoned the Representatives of Britain to the Exertion of their proper Character, to the fulfilling every Hope of their anxious Constituents: With these Abuses, in all their Magnitude, in all their Operation before you, every Grant beyond the Produce of the present Taxes will be to wanton with the Rights and Property of the People, and betray the Faith and Dignity of Parliament: It js our Prayer, therefore, to this honourable House, That all extravagant Emoluments be reduced, all superdu-ous and nominal Offices;be abolifiled, all unmerited Pensions be resumed, and that the Produce be appropriated to the Nca.(Titles of the State; and that till this wife and necessary Reform be adopted, and till \ effectual Means be applied to enquire into, and cor-

red the Abuses in the Expenditure of the Public Money, whereby the Fears and Jealousics of the People may be appeased, and a well-grounded confidence dif" filled through the Community, you wi.ll, with that Justice and Patriot ilin which wepromise ourselves from your honourable House, wituhojd.. all Grants of php

Public Money beyond the-Produce of the present Tuxes; trusting that this our just and interesting Petition will meet with all favourable Reception, we ever pray,

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The Earl of Drogheda, according to Order, reported- Trade of

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Irclaild-the Bill to allow the Trade between Ireland and the British Colonies and Plantations in America, and West Indies, and the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, to be carried on in like Manner as, it is now carried on between Great Britain and the Laid Colonies and Settlements, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be theq ingrossed.

Sir Grey Cooper, according to Order, reported from Ditto, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it \vas referred to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House by the E°rd North, upon the First and Eighth Days of December last, relating to the Trade of Irelands the Evolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the Hqufe; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where t.hp same were read; and are as followed);

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to repeal so much of an Act,

.made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of the Seventh, or of any other Acts,. which prohibit the exporting, carrying, or conveying. Coin out of this Realm into Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of ;this Committee,

That it is expedient to repeal so much of certain Acts, made in Great Britain, which prohibit the Importation, of Foreign Hops into Ireland, and which take off the Drawback upon Hops exported from Great Britain to Ireland. '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to extend to His Majesty’s Subjects of Ireland, the Privilege of being admitted into the Turkey Company; and to enable them to import into, and export from, Ireland, in British. Qr Irish Ships, such Goods as may be imported into, or exported from. Great Britain, in British Ships, by ,the Merchants of England trading to Levant Seas.

The said Resolutions being severally read ia Second Time, yicie, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Grey Cooper, the Earl of Drogheda, the Earl Nugent, and the Lord North, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed. Bill for extending the Provisions of Landing of Two Acts,. made in the Eighteenth Year of His pre- Priz: u"° fcqt Majesty’s Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, with, respect to bringing Prize Goods inro this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods; and for repealing so jiipch of the said last mentioned Act, as relates to the -Certificates for Prize Tea and India Goods, exported from this Kingdom to Ireland; for allowing East India

20 Geo. III. 8° — 90

India Goods, condemned as Prize*at any Out Port, to be removed to London for Sale; pud for the Removal of Prize Goods for Exportation, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title Be, An Act for extending the Prqvilions of Two Acts, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, with re-Ipcft ,to bringing Prize Goods into this Ringdom, to Spauifit Prize Goods; and for repealing lo much of the said last mentioned Act, as relates to the Certificates for Prize Tea and East India Goods, exported from this Kingdom to Ireland-, for the Removal of Ecjl India Goods condemned as Prize at any out Port, to London for Sale, and of Prize Goods for Exportation; and for reducing the Duty on Foreign Prize Tobacco.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to

the Lorcl,s, and def.re their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mcrcuriiy 90 die Februarii;

Anno 200 Georgii lilt!1 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

Bourn*’* A ingrossed Bril to enable Richard Bourne, Ef-Name- jfjL quire, his First and other Sons, and their Issue Male, and his and their respective Children, to assumc and use the Name, and bear the Arms, of CharUit, pursuant to the Will of Arthur Charktt, Esquire, 4<Je-ceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Yitle *be, An Act to enable Richard Bourne, Esquire, his First and e ther Sons, and their Issue Male, and his and their respective Children, to allurne and use the Name’, and bear the Arms, of Charlett, pursuant to the Will of Arthur Charlctt, Kiquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Page do carry the Bill to the ‘Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Grantham ' S*r Willi am Hozre presented to the House, according

Ac. -to Order, a B 1! for enlarging the Term and Powers of

Roads. fQ niuch of an Act, made in the Thirty-fecor.d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, u An Act for repairing and widening the Roads fr.m Grant ham, in the County of Lincoln, u through Bottesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent M Bridge; and horn Chctppel Bar, near the West End u of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge

u in the To’a n of Derby \ and from The Guide Post in the Parish of Teuton, to SazrLy Ferryas relates to the Road leading from ChafpJ Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Ma ry s * Bridge in the Town of Derby, and from The Guide 'Ptft in the Parish of Teuton, to Saw leg Firry: And the same was received; and read th? First Time.

«" Resolved, That the Bill bfc read a Second Time.

Chappel Ear^ Sir William Hczve preferred to the House, according Vea* to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of ^oad. an Act> made in the Thirty-iecond Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, u An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from 4C Chappel Bar,: near the West End of the Town of u Nottingham, to New haven; and from the Four Lane Ends, near Oakerthorpe, to Ashborne; and from The " Cross Pcji on IVirksworth Moor, to join the Road u leading from Chef erf eld to Chappel-en-h-Frith, at or; Voi. 37. - '

Februarii, s? $

" near Langston, in the County of Derby -, and from Selfton, to Annesley Woodhouse, in the County of Not-

" tingham And the same yas received ?nd re^d the First Time.

M(solved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom Macclesfield the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by Road, virtue of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his iate Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Che Cross at Broken C.ross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, through Macclesfield Forefi, to the present Turnpike Road at the South End of the Township of Buxton, in the County of Derby, and of several of the Creditors upon the Tolls of the said Turnpike Road, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills bad been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Peter Wright being examined, said. That the said Act hath been regularly put in Execution, and a considerable Progress hath been made in amending the said Road j in doing which, the Tolls, together with a large Sum of Money borrowed on tire Credit thereof have been duly applied.

An Act, passed ,n the Thirteenth Year of tire Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge ." the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth " Year cl His present Majesty, for repairing and widenir.g die Road from Newcastle wider Line to Hafibp,

and from MiddlehilIs to the Turnpike

" Road near Buxton; and also the Road branching out

of the first-mentioned Road at to Burfiem,

‘‘ and to the Utloxeter Road at ShcUon, in the County of " Staffordand for amending several other Roads adjoining thereto," w?s then read; by which it appeared that the Trustees for the Second District of Roads therein comprized, were impowered to amend several Roads branching out of the said Road between -dlehiilsand Buxton-, namely, from to the

Ashborne Turnpike Road at or near Brier/y Foot, to

fhatchMar/li at- Rav enfold Coal from Flash

Toll Bar and Axedge to Sonxedge, and from thence to

Knot bury and Black C/o;gh Coal; and from edge aforesaid, to HurkilloiuFrith and High Edge Lime Kilns-, and also the Road branching out of the said Road between Middlehillsand Hafiop, from Ifiaac s

House to Go/fit, chCoal Fits.

r Mr. Wright being again examined, said, That the Inhabitants of Macclesfield, Knutsfioand the adjacent

Parts of Cheshire, are (upj^'ied with Lime from Kilns liiuate at a Place called 7lie Grin, and which was brought into the said Maccle field and Buxton Turnpike, acrois -the Road from Buxton to Leek, which, by the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, was made Turnpike — That while the said Act was depending in Parliament,* the Macclesfield and Buxton Road Trustees obtained the Infci lion of a Clause therein, declaring, that no 'Poll should be paid at any Toll Bar or Gate which then was or should be erected by virtue of that :Act, between the Macclesfield Turnpike and 7 hatch Marsh, Goit, and Ravofiozo Coal Pits, for the passing and repairing of Cattle and Carriages going for or returning with Coal and Sleek only, or at any Gate which then was or should be erected, for the Passage of Cattle mid Carriages going

Ovfter

Fishericf,

tnfolvent

debtor*.

5®4 9° — 10° Februarii, A- 1780.

For and returning with Lime from Kilns to

the said MacclesfitldTurnpike Road. And Reference

being had to the said Clause, it appeared to contain a Proviso, that such Exemption should extend only to such Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, as should not travel more than Four hundred Yards on the Roads comprized in the said Act.

The Witness being further examined, said, That the Trustees of the said District have, in pursuance of their Construction of certain Powers contained in their Act, lately erected certain Walls and Fences upon and near the Side of the said Turnpike Road, and across the Road through which the Carriers of Lime from the said Pits to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road muftpafs; by which Means they are compelled to go out of their Way, and more than Four hundred Yards, upon the said Leek Turnpike, and thereby are debarred the Benefit of the said Exemptions, being subjected to the Payment of Toll at a Gate erected on Purpose to collect the fame, called Grin Bars, to the great Injury of all Consumers of Lime in those Parts of above described, And the Prejudice of the said Macclesfield and Buxton Road, by diminishing the Tolls taken thereon. — That the Price of Lime is further cn-.creased by the Trustees for the said Leek Road taking Toll for the Passage of Coal to the said Lime Kilns at The Grin, from the Pits at Thatch Marsh and Goit,

the only ones from whence they can be supplied. — And he concluded with saying, That if Powers were given to the Trustees for the Macclesfield and Buxton Turn-pike, to make, amend, and keep in Repair, a Road branching from the said Turnpike Road at or near the House of Edward Bayley, to the said Coal Pits at Thatch Marsh and Goit, and from thence to rejoin the said Turnpike Road at Thatch Marsh aforesaid; and also one other Branch from the said Macclesfield Turnpike Road near The Gofiing Bar, to the said Lime Kilns at The Grin, Coals might be conveyed to the said Kilns, and Lime carried from thence to the Parts of Chefhireabove described, without parting on the

Leek Turnpike more than merely to cross the same $ and it would be very beneficial to all Persons supplied with Lime from the above Kilns, by restoring to them the Enjoyment of the said Exemption, and conle-questly reducing the Price of Lime to what it was before the said Walls and Fences were erected by the Trustees of the Leek Turnpike.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from The Cross at " Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of " ter, through Macclesfield Forefi, to the present Turnpike Road at the South End of the Township of " Buxton, in the County of Derby and for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, a Road branching from the said Turnpike Road, at or near the House of Edward Bayley, to the Coal Pits at Thatch Marsh and Goit, and from thence to rejoin the said Turnpike Road at Thatch Marsh aforesaid, and from the said Turnpike Road near The Gofiing Bar, to the Lime Kilns at The Grin: And that Mr. Crewe and Sir John Wrtttefiey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for the better Protection of Oyster Firtieries, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. St. John, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Beauchamp presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of Debtors#- with respect " to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to " oblige Debtors who shall continue in Execution in " Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not " exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make " Dilcovtry of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors BenefitAnd the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 10° d Februarii;

Anno 20* Georgii III'" Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

IO R D Edward Bentinck presented to the House, -a according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " High Road leading from the Town of Mansfield, " in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns " of Pleafiey, Glapwell, Heath, and Normenton, and the Liberty of Hajland, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Chef " terfield, in the County of DerbyAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the T erm and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Tetbury to the Gates on the West of SimoncTs Hall,

and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Market House in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Common,

and from the said Road in Minchinhampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to , near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to Tuyloe'% Mill Pond, in ChaferdBottom, and through Hide to the Bottom of The Bourn Hill, in the county of,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title b*. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Tetbury to the Gates on the West of Simond's Hall Down, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, lo far as the same relates to the Road from the Market House in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Minchinhampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchinhampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to Tayloe's

Mill

Supply.

Wayj

and Moos.

Mansfield

Road.

Tetbury

to

Simond’i Hall Down Roods*

20 Geo. III.

t o° Febru

Mill Pond, in Clialford , Uud through Hide to

the Bottom of Flu Bourn Hill, in the County of Gloii ccfier.

Ordered, That Mr. Cdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and defne their Concurrence.

\V x- River Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, ac-jiiidge. cording to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge across the lliver Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in the County of Hereford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

GoRvelt Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, S;rm to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose giving, lx.' j\rauics are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them-l'elves and the rest of the Owners, Occupiers, and Inhabitants of Grounds, Houses, and Premiffts, in Bull Yard, Glass-house Turd, and the North Side of Fans Alley, all within the Liberty of Glass-house Yard, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Alderfpa'e, in the County of Middlesex, and Mount Mill and Willow Court, lying

on the Raft Side of Gofcoell Street,' in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the said County of Middlesex,

was referred; That the Committee had examined the

Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Edward Seward informed your Committee, That the said Places called Bull Yard, Glass-house Yard, the North Side of Fans Ally, and Mount Mill and Willow Court, are are greatly out of Repair, and in a ruinous Condition;

and that it would be of great Convenience and public Utility, if the same were properly paved, lighted, watched, and cleansed, and all Nuisances and Incroachments removed therefrom, , and prevented in future.

Mr. "John Alcock confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for repairing, lighting, watching, and cleansing,

Street, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing Nuisances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing, lighting, watching, and cleansing. Bull Yard, Glass-house Yard, the North Side of Fans Ally, Mount Mill, and Willow Court, and for removing Nuisances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

kW°ne Mr. Finch reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Common Council, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants of the King’s Town and Parish of Maid-stone, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Durrant Punnettbeing examined, said. That the Poor within the said Town and Parish are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great Expence by the said Inhabitants: That the granting of proper Powers for the better Government and Regulation of the said Poor, will tend to their more effectual _ Relief and Ala (lance, and be of great Convenience to the Parishioners.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor in ... VOL. 37.' ’ -

the Town and Parish of Maidstone, in the County of Kent: And that Mr. Finch and Mr. Gregory do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fenton presented to the House, according to Stockbridge Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and en- *°, large the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first in£*

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Roads.

Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of fVinchester-, and from the said City, through Bellmour Lane, to the Top of Stephen's Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said County; and from the said City of ,- through

Otter borne, to Bar gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Macclesfield Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from The " Cross, at Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County " of Chester, through Macclesfield Forest, to the present " Turnpike Road at the South End of the Township " of Buxton, in the County of Derby-" and for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, a Road branching from the said Turnpike Road at or near the House of Edward Bayley, to the Coal Pits at Thatch and Goit, and from thence to rejoin the said Turnpike Road at Thatch Marsh aforesaid; and from the said Turnpike Road, near The Gosling Bar, to the Lime Kilns at The Grin: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Thomas Skipwith reported from the Committee, Fmford

to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- r^se

ing and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Banbury Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Road. King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from The Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford-, and from The Guide Post, in the Village of Adder bury, in the same County, through Kidlington, to The Mile Way leading towards the City of Oxford; and also' the Road leading from a Place called The Two Mile Tree, near the City of Oxford, over Gosford, otherwise Gojfard Bridge, to a certain Gate entering upon West on on the Green, in the said County, so far as the same relates to the Road leading from The Cross of Hand near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the fame

County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Minchin reported from the Committee, to whom Chawtoa the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Pond, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening

7 K "the

Expenditure

of

Public Money.

Ditto.

586 10° Februarii. A. 1780.

" the Roads from Chawton Pond, in the Parish of " Chawton, in the County of Southampton, through " Rumfdean Bottom, Westmeon, Exton, Bijhep's

" Waltham, and over Sherrill Heath, and through Wickham and Fareham, to the Town of Gosport; and from " Exton aforesaid, through Droxford, to the East End " of Sherrill Heath, in the said County;" and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition' of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and ’Freeholders, of the County of , was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That this Nation hath been engaged for several Years in a most expensive and unfortunate War; that many of our valuable Colonies, having actually declared themselves Independent, have formed a strict Confederacy with France and Spain, tire inveterate Enemies of Great Britain; that the Consequencfe of those combined Misfortunes hath been a large Addition to tire National Debt, a heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of the Trade, Manufactures, and Land Rents, of the Kingdom: Alarmed at the diminished Resources and growing Burthens of this Country, and convinced that rigid Frugality is now indispensably necessary in every Department of the State, your Petitioners observe, with Grief, that, notwithstanding the calamitous and impoverished Condition of the Nation, much Public Money has been improvidently squandered, and that many Individuals enjoy finccure Places, efficient Places with exorbitant Emoluments, and Pensions unmerited by Public Service, to a large and still increasing Amount, whence the Crown has acquired a great and unconstitutional Influence, which, if not checked, must soon prove fatal to the Liberties of this Country: Your Petitioners, conceiving that the true End of every legitimate Government is not the Emolument 6f any Individual, but the Welfare of the Community, beg Leave further to represent, that, until effectual Mcalures be taken to redress the oppressive Grievances herein stated, the Grant of any additional Sum of Public Money, beyond the Produce of the present Taxes, will be injurious to the Rights and Property of the People, and derogatory from the Honour and Dignity of Parliament: Your Petitioners, therefore, do most earnestly request, That, before any new Burthens are laid upon this Country, effectual Measures may be taken to enquire into and correct the gross Abuses in the Expenditure of Public Money, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments, to rescind and abolish all fmecure Places and unmerited Pensions, and to appropriate the Produce to the Necessities of the State, in such Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Southampton, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Situation of this Country is so very alarming, that we think it our Duty ho longer to remain silent and inactive at lb dangerous a Crilis; that, involved as we arc in a most expensive War with the combined Forces of France and Spain, and our revolted Colonies in Ame-

rica, who have acceded to that formidable Alliance,

and conceiving that our Navy, in its present State, is not adequate to the Magnitude of that Danger which threatens the immediate and total Rum of this Country; and feeling that our Revenue is diminished by the Loss of l’ome of our Islands in the West Indies, and by the Danger and Distress of others, and by a general Decay of Trade and Commerce; we, your Petitioners, do pray. That this honourable House will make an immediate and feriouS Enquiry into the Causes of these Dangers and Misfortunes, which we apprehend could not have happened, but from the Misconduct of Ministers, and from the Want of an early and proper Information having been laid before this honourable House; under all these calamitous Circumstances, opprested by the Burthen of a vast Public Debt, and of accumulated Taxes, we implore this honourable House to take such Measures, for alleviating the Distresses of the People, as in its Wisdom shall seem proper; and we humbly conceive, that a Correction of the Abuses in the Expenditure of Public Money, a Reduction of all exorbitant Emoluments, and an Abolition of all linecure Places and unmerited Pensions, will greatly tend to so necessary and desirable an Object.

A Petition of the Nobility, Gentlemen, C'ergy, and Eipftx’iuit Freeholders, of the County of Bedford, was alto pre- °jj ' lented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That 0 IC <w‘ this Nation hath been engaged for several Years in a most expensive and unfortunate War; that many of our valuable Colonies, having actually declared themselves independent, have formed a ftrid Confederacy with France and the dangerous

and inveterate Enemies of Great; that the

Consequence of those combined Misfortunes hath been a large Addition to the National Debt, a heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of the Trade, Manufactures, and Land Rents, of this Kingdom: Alarmed at the diminished Relburces and growing Burthens of this Country, and -convinced that rigid Frugality is now indispensably necessary in every Department of the State, your Petitioners observe With Grief, that, notwithstanding the calamitous and impoverished Condition of the Nation, much Public Money has been improvidently squandered, and that many Individuals enjoy finecilre Places, efficient Places with exorbitant Emoluments, and Pensions unmerited by Public Service, to a large and still increasing Amount, whence the Crown has acquired a great and unconfti-tutional Influence, which if not checked, may soon proye fatal to the Liberties of this Country: Your Petitioners conceiving that the true End of every legitimate Government is not the Emolument of any Individual, but the Welfare of the Community, and considering that by the Constitution of this Realm the National Purse is intruded in a peculiar Manner to the Custody of this honourable House, beg Leave further to represent, that, until effectual Measures be taken to redress the oppressive Grievances herein stated, the Grant of any additional Sum of Public Money beyond the Produce of the present Taxes, wilt be injurious to the Rights and Property of the People, and derogatory from the Honour and Dignity of Parliament: Your Petitioners, therefore, appealing to the Justice of this honourable House, do most earnestly request, That, before any new Burthens are laid upon this Country, effectual Measures may be taken by this House, to enquire into and correct the gross Abuses in the Expenditure of Public Money, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments, to refeind and abolish all fine-cure Places and unmerited Pensions, and to appropriate the Produce to the Necessities of the State, in futh Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- M* holders of the Courfty Palatine of Chester, was also

presented

c:

Expenditure

of

Public Money.

20 Geo. III.

io° Febru„

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That your Petitioners having taken into Confederation the distressed State of this once flourishing Empire, humbly beg Leave to represent to Parliament, that, under the many and heavy Burthens with which your Petitioners have been loaded, they cannot but observe with Concern, that no Attempt has yet been made to reduce unnecessary Expences, either by the Abolition of sinecure Offices and unmerited Pensions, or by any other Means whatever, so that while the Landholder, Merchant, and every other Description of Independ<Mit Men in this Country, are every Day feeling the Dif-tresses of this unfortunate War, the Placeman and Pensioner arc the only Persons exempted from the general Calamity: They therefore implore Parliament, That they will not grant any further Taxes before a strict Attention to (Economy be adopted, in a Plan for the Reduction of all Places of exorbitant Emolument, and the Abolition of finecuTe Offices and unmerited Pensions; and that the Savings arising therefrom, be Applied to the Expences of carrying on the War against the House of Bourbon, and for the other Exigencies of the State; your Petitioners also consider it impossible for our happy Confutation to exist, unless Parliament be independent, and they cannot but feel the utmost Uneasiness at those Symptoms that have appeared to the contrary, and which prove the Necessity of ex* eluding certain Descriptions of Placemen, Pensioners, and Contractors; they also hope Parliament will take some Measures to check the Interference of Ministers in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of York, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That this Nation hath been engaged for several Years in a most expen-live and unfortunate War; that many of our valuable Colonies having actually declared themselves Independent, have formed a ftrid Confederacy with France and Spain, the dangerous and inveterate Enemies of Great Britain-, that the Consequence of these combined Misfortunes hath been a large Addition to the National Debt, a heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of the Trade, Manufactures, and Land Rents of the Kingdom: Alarmed at the diminished Re-fburces and growing Burthens of this Country, and convinced that rigid Frugality is now indilpcnfably necessary in every Department of the State, your Peti-titioners observe with Grief, that, notwithstanding the calamitous and impoverished Condition of the Nation, much Public Money has been improvidently squandered, and that many Individuals enjoy sinecure Places, efficient Places with exorbitant Emoluments, and Pensions unmerited by Public Service, to a large and still

increasing Amount, whence the Crown has acquired a great and unconftitulional Influence, which if not checked, may soon prove fatal to the Liberties of this Country: Your Petitioners, conceiving that the true End4of tvery fegstinXitr Government is not the Emolument of ahy Individual, but the Welfare of the Community, and considering that by the Constiturion of this Realm the~National Purle is intruded m a peculiar'

Manner to the Custody of this honourable House, beg Leave further to represent, that, until effectual Measures be taken to redreis the oppressive Grievances herein stated, the Grant of any Additional Sum of PqbHc Money beyond the Produce of the prefert Taxes, will be injurious to the Rights and Property of the People, and derogatory from the Honour and Dignity of Parliament: Your Petitioners therefore, appealing to the Justice of this honourable House, do most earaeftly request, That, before any new Burthens are laid upon this Country, effectual Measures may be taken by this House, to enquire into and ccrrect the gross Abuses in the Expenditure of Public Money, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments, to refeind and abolish all fiueaire Places and unmerited Pensions, and to appropriate the Produce to the Neccflities of the State, in Inch Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall fee in meet-

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

LoFd George Cavendish presented to the House, a,c- Kighiry, cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and indexing the . *c-several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Com- nc 0 ur mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Kighley, Thwaites, and Nezdjholme, in the Parish of

Kighley, and County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac- Matlock cording to Order, a Bill for dividing ani inclosing the c ° ure< several Commons and Waste Ground within the Manor of Matlock, in the County of D And the fatne was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, who were1 Estimate, appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of tire Pay and Clothing of the Militia for the Year i?8o; Clothing. That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accord- *

ingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vi%.

Vol. 37.

ESTIMATE

Members

eligible to serve for any other Place.

Protection

of

Jamaica.

i o’ Februarit. 1780.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for the Year 1780.

Pay to 30,840 Private Men, at ir. each, 28 Days -

D* to 70 Adjutants, at 6s. a Day each -

D* to 1,542 Serjeants, at ir. a Day each -

D* to 1,200 Drummers, at 6d. a Day each - - - *

For additional Pay to 30,840 Private Men, for going to the Place of Exercise, and returning, calculated upon an Average of Four Days Pay each Man -

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at 2f. 6d. a Week each -

D*------ to 70 Drum Majors, at 6d. a Day each -

P* — ------- to 1,541 Corporals, at 6 d.a Day each, 28 Days -

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at £. 50 a Year each . - -

Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at - -

D#----- to each Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, for contingent

Expences, at the Rate of 6 d.per Month for each Private Man and Drummer Clothing for 30,840 Private Men, at £. 1. 10 seach - -

D*---- for 1,542 Serjeants, at £.3. ioj. each -

D* — for 1,200 Drummers, at £. 2 each - -

For additional Pay for Clothing 54 Serjeant Majors, and 54 Drum Majors, at £. 1 each -

Subsistence to 498 Captains, at 7 s.6 d.each per Day, for 28 Days - -

D*---- — to 561 Lieutenants, including a Lieutenants to Grenadier Companies, at 3/. 6

each, for 28 Days -

D*----- to 435 Ensigns, at 35. each, for 28 Days - -

£ s.

43,176-----

7,665----

28,141 10 — . 10,950----

6,168----

455 -

638 15 — 1,079 8 —

3>5°°----

4,000 — —

10,023----

46,260 .

5*397----

2,400 — —

108 — — .

5,229----

*,748 18 — 1,827----

179,766 11 —

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enable Members of the House of Commons to be eligible to serve in Parliament for any other County, City, Borough, Town, or Place, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon 'tuesday Morning next.

A Representation and Petition of the Planters, Merchants, and other Persons interested in the Island of Jamaica, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That your Petitioners, in all Duty and Humility, beg Leave to lay before this honourable House, several Circumstances which they presume it is important for the House to know, and to which they are certain it is of the utmost Importance to them that a due Attention should be paid: Your Petitioners represent to this honourable House, that the Island of Jamaica has not been protedled; they represent, that the Temporary Safety which it has enjoyed, has been owing to the Di-redtion of the Enemy’s Force towards other Objects, and not to any intrinsic Means of Defence provided for that Island by His Majesty’s Ministers; they conceive, that the Safety of such a Possession as Jamaica ought not to have been left to Chance; they represent, that the Island of Jamaica is inferior in Value to none of the Dependencies of Great , that great Part

even of what appears to be the interior Wealth of Great Britain itself, is, in Reality, the Wealth of Jamaica, which is so intimately interwoven with the internal Intere 11 of this Kingdom, that it is not eal’y to distinguish them; that a great Part of the Trade and Navigation, a large Proportion of the Revenue, and very much of the Mercantile and the National Credit, and the Value of the Landed Interest, depend immediately on its Preservation, that its Defence is therefore 14

an Object as important to Great Britain as any Part of Great Britain itself, and that it is an Object to be provided for with still greater Care and Forelight, because its natural Means of Home Defence are infinitely less considerable; they solemnly declare, that, conscious of their invariable Loyalty to the Crown of Great Britain, their unbounded Attachment to the Prosperity of the whole Empire, they are not able to conjecture for what Offence, real or pretended, they have so long been put under this Proscription} if your Petitioners had been active by factious Clamours, or delusive Representations, by concealing true or suggesting false Information, in betraying their Sovereign and their Country into War, they might have the lets Reason to complain of the Neglect by which they have suffered so many Dif-trelfes, and have been exposed to so many Dangers; it is in the Recollection of this honourable House, that, at an early Pencil of the present unhappy Troubles, the Body of the West India Planters and Merchants did humbly Hate their Apprehensions to Parliament, and deprecated the unhappy Measures which were then taken; it is the Misfortune of the Public, as well as theirs, that no Attention was paid to their humble Prayers, and that their most dutiful and faithful Representations were totally neglected; they affirm, that they have not deserved to be thus abandoned, from a Want of having purchased for a valuable Consideration the Protection of the State; the Planters have seen, not only with Acquiescence but Pleasure, their Trade almost wholly confined to the Mother Country, the Place of Residence of the greater Part, and the Object of the tenderest Affection to all of them; bath Planters and Merchants have had the Produce of their Estates as largely taxed in Great Britain, to the Common Support, as any others; the Assembly of the Island of Jamaica has, beyond any former Example of Liberality, and far beyond their Abilities, laid destructive Impositions on their Estates and Properties within the Island; vast Personal Services, burthensome in the Extreme, and nearly ruinous to the present Value of all they

Kj

frote&ion

of

Jamaica.

Call of the House.

20 Geo. III.

io° — ii° Februarii-

589

possess, have been chtarfully given; they have borne patiently, the heavy Losses and Burthens, the fatal* though not unforeteen Consequences of their Separation from North America; after all these Impositions and Taxes in England, these Taxes and Personal Services in "Jamaica, and after Sufferings of every Kind in this War, on Suggefiion from Friends of Government, they have had Resort in their individual Characters to their almost exhausted Purses, and made a large private Subscription for their own Defence; they represent, that they have been credibly informed, that at the Time when Administration declined to provide the necessary Forces, either by Sea or Land, for their Defence, that His Majesty’s Secretary at War publicly declared, that His Majesty did then command more numerous Forces, by Sea and Land, than the most formidable Monarch of the World had under his Orders, when his Power alarmed all Europe; and they are informed, that large Additions to His Majesty’s Forces were made some Time after; they now also feel, that they are amongst those who are taxed for the Maintenance of an Army of upwards of Seventy thousand Men employed in North America; and they prelume, that tee Suppression of no Rebellion whatever can be a more near and urgent Concern of any Government, than the Protection of its loyal and useful Subjects; they represent, that they have not been wanting to themselves, by every Representation in their Power, and every Soli* citation, to call upon His Majesty’s Ministers for the necessary Protection; for though, from the Duty of their Station, and their high Trust, His Majesty’s Mi-nifters ought to have shewn an anxious and provident Care of all His Majesty’s Dominions, even if Individuals, through Ignorance, or Want of Forefight had neglected their own private Interest in them; yet they humbly inform the House, that many ftror.g Remonstrances were made on this Subject to His Majesty’s Ministers by your Petitioners, beginning so early as 1773, and continued to the 8th of December 1779; and that Add relies on the same were made to His Majesty by the Assembly of Jamaica, as also a Representation of the Want of Men, Ships, Stores, Arms, Ammunition, and of every other Means for their Defence, yet they never did, at any Time, receive from the said Ministers any Answers, other than Excuses on Account of the Number of Ships employed on' the American and Home Service, and certain loose, general Assurances, from which they received little Comfort, and have reaped no Advantage; and that even the positive Assurances of the Governor to the Assembly of the Island, of His Majesty’s gracious Intention thac the Squadron on that Station should be considerably reinforced, have not been fulfilled: Your Petitioners most humbly request the Attention of this House to their past and present Situation, pledging themselves to prove, beyond a Doubt; the Truth of their Allegations: In the mean Time, your Petitioners acquaint this honourable House, that unless a strong regular Force be permanently efbbhlhed in Jamaica during the War, and a considerable Fleet stationed there, they cannot think that Island in a State of Security; this they conceive themselves as bound to lay before the Representatives of the People of Great Britain, humbly claiming Protection as their undoubted Right; and looking back with Horror at the Dangers from which (by the foie Disposition of the Divine Providence) they have escaped, whilst lundry of their Fellow Subjects are now obliged to prostrate themselves at the Foot of the Throne of the French King, to implore the Mercy of that Munarch, instead of the Protection of their natural Sovereign.

Ordered, That the said Representation and Petition do lie upon the Tabic.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Names of such Members as, upon Tuesday the lit Day of this Instant Februa, made Default toap-

Vol. 37.

pear, were called over and several of them appeared;, and several of them were excused,. some upon Account of their own Ulness, or the Illness or Death of their near Relations, or as being in Parts beyond the Seas, in the Service of the Public, or on their own private Affairs.

Ordered, That the Names of such Members as have made Default to appear, and have not been excused be again called over upon this Day Sevennight.

And theft the House adjourned till Tomorrow' Morning Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 11* die Februarii;

Anno 20* Georgii III's Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

PETITION of the several Persons whose Names Gray*, ins are thereunto subscribed, being Creditors on the _k*ne Security of the Tolls authorized to be collected by vir- urn^* e* tue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, foi repairing the Highways leading to -

house and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Mi; and also to continue, and render more effectual, an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading, to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, to make a new Road from the Great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first-mentioned Acts, and for making a Road from the said new Ri.?.d near Queen’s Row to BagniggeWash\t and for watching,

lighting, and watering the said Roads, on Behalf oC themselves and the rest of the said Creditors, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, to explain and amend so much of the said recited Act as gives Power to erect or remove Turnpikes or Toll Houses, so far as to erecting or continuing any Turnpike or Toll Gate in Gray Inn tweeh the said Lane and the new Road leading from Islington to Paddington; and alleging, that the Sum of f. 18, 000, and upwards, is owing to the Petitioners upon the Credit of die Tolls granted by the said recited Act; and that' a considerable Part thereof hath been advanced by several ,of the Petitioners since the erecting of the said Gate at Gray’s Inn Lane-, and, at the Time of advancing the fame, they looked upon the Tolls to be collected at the said Gate as part of the Security for the Re-payment thereof; and that,:if the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads shall be xompelled to remove the said Gate, the Security for the Money advanced by the Petitioners as aforesaid, will be very materially at fected: And therefore praying the House to take their Calc into Consideration, and that nothing may be done which may lessen the Security for the Money lent and advanced Dy the Petitioners on the Faith of an Act of Parliament, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend so much cf an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to continue and render more. effectua). several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading to H:ghgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and for several other Purposes in the said first-mentioped. ACc contained, as gives Power to erector remove Turnpikes 7 L or

﻿59°

ii° Febrmrii.: 1780.

Ripon,

ic.

Read.

Account 5 Arrears of the WindowLiglus

Stavely

Inclosure,

BiJdaford,

Uc.

Roads.

or Toll Gates, so far as relates to erect'ng or continuing any Turnpike or Toll Gate in Inn , or be-

tween the said Lane and the new Road leading from Islington to Paddington, is committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon TuesdaySevennight, the 22d Day of this Instant February, at Twelve of the Clock.

Mr. Lawrence reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, intituled," An Act for repairing and widening the High Road from " the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town " of Pateley Bridge, in the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been com-

Elied with; and that the Committee had examined the latter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same wa» read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Charles Harrijoh being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof; which cannot be paid off, nor the said Road effectually repaired, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some further Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the High Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pateley Bridge, in the County of York: Arid that Mr. Lawrence and Mr. florton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of what Arrears of the Window Lights were . Handing out at Lady. Day last, and how much on Account of the Year 1779 are paid into the Exchequer.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Stavely in the County of ,was read a second Time.

Resolveed, that the Bill be committed to Lord George Caveudish, Mr. Popham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Philip Jennings Clerke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Hollow Way on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, to a Place called

Biddaford, in the County of Devon; and also of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution another Act of Parliament, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Bridgetown Pomeroy, and from Teing Bridge, in the County of Devon, and of several Persons who are entitled to the Money now due on the Credit of the said Acts, and also of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, anc| found that the Standing Orders of the House, J7

of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that tire Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and i,i j i'i-reded him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Piao; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as lullowetr.; viz.

To Prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Lane being examined said, that the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, anti have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collcded, and that such Money has been duly ap; hed; anil tint a large Sum of Money is now due ana owing on the credit of the said Tolls, which cannot be repaid, and the Roads amended and kept in Repair, unUfs the Term and Powers of the said Acts be enlarged.

And the Witness laid, That Power is wanted to lower the Hill in the Town of Totnes. and also to take down the West Gate in the said Town, in order to render the Road safe and commodious for Travellers; and that the Road through the several Towns is in many Parts very incommodious for Travellers; and that Power is wanted to regulate and alter the Pavements thereof.

That in order to prevent evading the Tolls, it is nc-eeflary to impower the Trustees to pur up a Toll Bar at or near the East End of Bramber Lane, near the said Town of Totnes, and also to ffop up the old Lane leading up Harper's Hill: And the Witness added, that the flopping up the said Lane, will be no Inconvenience or Detriment to any Person.

That tlte Roads comprized in the said Acts are contiguous to each other, and might be better managed, and at less Expence, if the same were put under the Direction of One Set of Trustees, and the Provisions necessary for repairing the said Roads were comprized in One Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the End of the Exeter Turnpike Road on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate to Biddaford; and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown Pomeroy, and from Teing Bridge, in the County of Devon-, and for repealing Two Acts, of the Thirty-second of his late Majesty, and the Second of His present Majesty, made for repairing the said Roads: And that Sir Philip Jennings Clerke and Mr. Parker do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy, Expeoditm Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That your Petitioners cannot view the rapid Decline of the British Empire, without calling upon this honourable House, by every Tie of Honour, Interest, and Religion, to avert the Ruin that menaces this lately prosperous and happy Nation, by a timely Exertion of those Powers, with which, by the Constitution, this honourable House is in veiled; that among the many Causes which have contributed to produce our present calamitous Situation (all of which we trust this honourable House will speedily investigate anil redress) your Petitioners beg Leave to point out the Neglect of public (Economy, as a Grievance which is capable of receiving, and stands in need of, immediate Remedy; that your Petitioners conceive the Syftein of Finance, as at present established, to be of most ruinous Tendency, the National Debt beirg thereby so greatly augmented during War, and so little reduced during Peace, that it encreases without End, and cannot therefore be supported by any finite, much leis by diminished Resources; that your Petitioners are alarmed, by the Practice of Government in laying filfe Estimates before Parliament, by those Estimates being con-

stanly.

Warwick,

kc

Roads.

Finford

Bridge

to

Banbary

Road.

20 Geo. III. 110 Februarii. 591

stantly exceeded, and the passing of the public Accounts inconceivably delayed for many Years, by the extravagant Wade of the Public Money, the Existence of Pen-iions unmerited by Public Service, and the Continuance of sinecure Places, and exorbitant Emoluments of Office, to an imvnenle and ftdl encreasir.g Amount; your Petitioners, therefore, lament the Disuse of the ancient Practice of appointing Commissioners of Accounts, from Time to Time, for the Examination of the Public Expenditure, which might have prevented the Growth of these Evils; that your Petitioners believe, that the undue Influence of the Crown, deriving its greatest Support from the uncontrouled Possession of the Public Purse, is a principal Cause of our present Calamities, and is highly dangerous to Liberty; that your Petitioners think it their Duty to acquaint this honourable House with the Distresses which your Petitioners feel, from the Loss of Trade, the Decay of Manufactures, the diminished Value of Land, the high Price of Money, and the Increase of Taxes; they are so univerlal and (o heavy, that, unless the utmost Frugality be exerted to keep our Burthens within the shift Limits of Necessity, it will be impossible for the 'Teople to support those extraordinary Exertions, which a vigorous Prosecution of the War against France and Spain may require: Your Petitioners, therefore, humbly pray, and firmly expect, That this honourable House, in discharge of the High Trust reposed in them, will take effectual Measures, that Money supplied with lo much Difficulty from the private Fortune or Industry of the Subject, may be faithfully and frugally applied for the Purposes for which it is granted; that such Regulations may be established as shall bring the Public Expenditure to a speedy and strict Account; and that some Plan, for the Reduction of all exorbitant Emoluments of Office, and the Abolition of all sinecure Places, and unmerited Pensions, be adopted, that by thele Means the dangerous and unconstitutional Influence of the Crown may be diminished, and the Burthens of the People aeleviated; and your Petitioners further pray, that no fresh Supplies may be granted, or new Taxes laid on the Subject, until these their just Grievances are redreflfed, in such Manner as to the Wisdom and Justice of this honourable House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads from Warwick to Paddle Brook, and from to Strat-

ford upon Avon, in the Counties of Warwick and cester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir ‘Thomas Skipwith, Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed, in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from The of Hand

near Finford Bridge, in the County of through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford, and from The Guide Poji in the Village of Adderbury, in the same County, through , to The Mile Way

leading towards the City of Oxford; and also the Road leading from a Place called The Two Mile Tree, near the City of Oxford, over Gosford, otherwise Goffard Bridge, to a certain Gate entering upon on the Green, in

the said County, so far as the same relates to the Road leading from The Cross of Hand near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Vol. 37.

Southam in the same County to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And (hat the Title" be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty -King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from The Cross of Hand near Fin-ford Bridge, in the County' of; through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of and from The Guide PoJl in the Village of Adderbuty, iti the same County, through Kidhngton, to The Mile Way leading towards the City of Oxford-, and allb the Road leading from a Place called The Two Mile tlree3 near the City of Oxford, over Gosfo Goffard Bridge, to a certain Gate entering upon West on on the Green, in the said County, so far as the same relates to the Road leading from The Cross of Hand near Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Yowp of Southam in the same County,' to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the Expenditure City of London attended at the Door; they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Alde'rmcn, tthd Commons, of the City of London, in Comrtion Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition Was read; Setting forth. That this Nation hath been engaged for several Years in a most expensive and unfortunate War; that many of our valuable Colonies having actually declared themselves independent, have formed a strict Confederacy with France and Spain, the inveterate Enemies of Great

tain-, that the Consequence of those combined Misfortunes hath been a large Addition to the National Debt, a heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of the Trade, Manufactures, and Land Rents, of the Kingdom: Alarmed at the diminished ltefonrces and growing Burthens of this Country, and convinced that rigid Frugality is now indispensably neceflhry in every Department of the State, your Petitioners observe, with Grief, that, notwithstanding the calamitous and irr.po-verished Condition of the Nation, much Public Money fras been improvidently squandered, and that many Individuals enjoy sinecure Places, efficient Places with exorbitant Emoluments, and Pensions unmerited by Public Service, to a large and still increasing Amount, whence the Crown has acquired a great and unconstitutional Influence, which, if not checked, may soon prove fatal to the Liberties of this Country: Your Petitioners conceiving that the True End of every legitimate Government is not the Emolument of arty individual, but the Welfare of the Community, and considering, that by the Constitution of this Realm the national Purse is entrusted in a peculiar Manner to the Custodyof this honourable House, beg Leave further to represent, that, until eff ftual Measures be taken to redress the Oppressr'e Grievances herein stated, the Grant of any additional Sum of public Money beyontl the Produce of the present Taxes, will be injurious to the Rights and Property of the People, and derogatory from the Honour and Dignity of Parliament:

Your Petitioners, therefore, do most carneftiy request,

That, before any new Burthens are laid upon this Coun--try, effectual Measures may be taken to inquire into and correct the grols Abuses in the Expenditure ol Public Money, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments, to rescind and abolilfr all sinecure Places and unrne-

rited

59*

rited Petitions, and to appropriate the Produce to the Necessities of the State, in such Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sooth An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge Mailing, the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year

Road. of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the South End of The South Street, in the Parish of South , near the

Town of Lewes, to Glyndbridge, and from thence, through Firle Street under the Hill, to Longbridge in the Parish of Alfriston in the County of was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the South End of The South Street, in the Parish of South Mailing, near the Town of Lewes, to Glyndbridge, and from thence, through Firle Street under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of Alfriston, in, the County of SuJJ'ex.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

Find era Mr. Coke of Derby presented to the House, according

' Victefure. to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Open Fields, and Common Pastures, in the Liberty of Findem, in the Parish of and

County of Derby: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Burford A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

Road. passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road from The Hand and Poji in Upton "Field, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of " Oxford, through the several Parishes within mentioned, to a Place in the Parish of Preston, in the . " County of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Guise, Mr. Popham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Expenditure A Petition of the High Sheriff, Nobility, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Wilts, pub.it Money, was presentC(j to the House, and read, Setting forth.

Tint this Nation hath been engaged for several Years in a most expensive and unfortunate War; that many of our valuable Colonies having actually declared themselves independent, have formed a strict Confede-(acy with France and Spain, the dangerous and inveterate Enemies of Great Britain; that the Consequence of those combined Misfortunes hath been a large Addition to the National Debt, a heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of the Trade, Manufactures, and Land Rents of the Kingdom: Alarmed at the diminished Resourcesand growing Burthens of this Country, and convinced that rigid Frugality is now indispensably necessary in every Department of the State, your Petitioners observe, with Grief, that, notwithstanding the calamitous and impoverished Condition of the Nation, much Public Money has been improvidently squandered, and that many Individuals enjoy sinecure Places, efficient Places with exorbitant Emoluments, and Pensions unmerited by Public Service, to a large and still increasing Amount, whence the Crown has acquired a great and unconstitutional Influence, which if not checked, may feon prove fatal to the Liberties of

A 1780.

this Country: Your Petitioners, Conceiving that the true End of every legitimate Government is not the Emolument of any Individual, but the Welfare of the Community, and considering that by the C mftituiion of this Realm, the National Purse is entrusted in a peculiar Manner to the Custody of this honourable House, beg Leave further to represent, that, until effectual Measures be taken to redress the oppressive Grievances herein stated, the Grant of an additional Sum of Public Money beyond the Produce of the present Taxes, will be injurious to the Rights and Property of the People, and derogatory from the Honour and Dignify of Parliament: Your Petitioners, therefore, appealing to the Justice of this honourable House, do nroft; ear-neftly request. That, before any new Burthens are laid upon this Country, effectual Measures may be taken by this House, to enquire into and correct the gross Abuses in the Expenditure of Public Money, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments, to refeind and abolish all sinecure Places and unmerited Pensions, and to appropriate the Produce to the Necessities of the State, in such Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. r

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Others the Trustees for putting in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, made, one in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a new Parish Church, and dedaring the present Parish Church a Chapel, and for " making a Cemetary, or Church Yard, and for " building an House for the Use of the Minister of the " Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex\"and the other in the Twelfth of His laid

Majesty’s Reign, for amending and rendering more ei-feftual the aforelaicl Act, was referred j That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in hi;. Place; and afterwards delivered ic in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read; by the last of which it appeared, That the Trustees therein named, were directed to cause a Church to be built upon a certain Piece of Ground belonging to Henry William Port man, Esquire, therein particularly described. And,

Mr. James Buck being examined, said. That it being now found inconvenient to build a Church upon the said Piece of Ground, the said Trustees have agreed to relinquish to the said Mr. Portman, at his Request, all their Estate, Right, Title, and Interest therein; but that such an Agreement cannot be made valid without the Aid of Parliament.

A Member present informed the Committee, That he was authorized by Mr. Portman to consent for him, that a Bill should be brought in for ratifying the said Agreement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made " in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for building a new Parish Church, and dedaring the present Parish Church a Chapel, for " making a Cemetary or Church Yard, and for " building an House for the Use of the Minister of " the Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the County of " Middlefenas impowers the Veltrymcn of the said

Parish to build a Church upon a certain Parcel of

Ground

ii° Februarii.

M.iry le Bono Churca.

jo Geo. III*

i id — 14 *Feb

595

'Gi-o'und in the said Parish, belonging to

Portinnn, Esquire, heretofore Parcel of a certain Close

called The Fifteen Acres: And that Mr. and

Sir Edward Afiley do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

E*pcmli>ure ‘ A’Petition of the 'Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freehold* t>M°M "Jers, of the County of Hertford, was' presented to the , IC M7" Hiiufe/artd read; Setting forth. That this Nation hath been engaged for several Years in a moll expenljve and Unfortunate War; that many of our valuable Colonies ‘having’ arflually declared themselves independent, have ' forhv.'ri a rtri«ft Confederacy with France and Spain, the 'ttatager 'us and inveterate Enemies of Great Britain; thiiC the Conlecjuence of those combined Misfortunes . 'hath 'been a large Addition to the National Debt, ra JheaVy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of the Trifle, Manufactui'es, and Land Rents of the Ring-'doffiAlarmed at the diminished Refohrces and growing Burthens of this Country, arid convinced that rigid 'Frugality is now iridilpenlably necessary in every De-'pirtriient of the State, your Petitioners observe with Grief, that, notwithstanding the calamitous and impo* 'ver/shed Condition of the Nation, much Public Money 'has been improvitleritly fouandered, and that many Individuals enjoy fitlecure Places, efficient Places with exorbitant Emoluments, and Penfioirs unmerited by Public Sendee, to a large and Hill increasing Amount, 'whence the Crown has acquired a great and unconftitu-‘tional Influence, which, if not checked, may soon ‘prove fatal to the Liberties of this Country: Your Petitioners conceiving that the true End of every legiti-'ntate ‘ Governmeift is not the Eriiolquent of any Individual, but the Welfare of the Community, and confi-"dering that, by-the Constitution of this Realm, the Na-‘tiortal Purte is eritrutted in a peculiar Manner to the Custody of this honourable House, beg Leave further to represent, that, until effectual Measures be taken to "redreis the oppressive Grievances herein Rated, the "Grant of any additional Sum of Public Money, beyond the Produce of the present Taxes, will be injurious

to ‘the Rights and Property of the People, and derogatory from the Honour and Dignity of Parliament: Ybiir Petitioners, therefore, appealing to the Justice of this'honourable House, do most earnestly request, That,

'before any hew Burthens are laid upon this Coynfry, ‘elfcdtiial Measures may be taken by this House, to, enquire into and correct the gross Abuses in the Ex-'.jienditure of Public Money, to reduce a]JT exorbitant Embluments, to refeind and abolish all sinecure Places and unmerited Pensions, and to appropriate the Produce to the Necessities of the State, in such Manner as to" the VYifdom of Parliament Thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition, do lie upon the Table.

Cazenove . Mr. Popham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Charles Henry Cazenove ' and David Dttval: And the same was received j and , iead the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Regulation , A Motion was made, and the Question being put, of the King’* ‘ Thai Leave be given to bring in a Bill.for the bet-Ci»il ter 'Regulation of His Majesty’s Civil Establishments, StbbUftments,-Cerr-ain public Offices j for the Limitation, of Pensions, and the Suppression of Tundry ufefefs, ex-be’nRve, ihd inconvenient Pjaces, and for applying the 'Monies laved thereby to the Public Service;

' ‘ ThV House divided.

The Yeas Weht1 forth.' ,

Teller, for the Yeas.J L

llord George Gordon was appointed one of th^ Tellep ’Jbt the NheS; but no other Member remaining in the fibilfe, tb be a Second Telfer For the bibesj the Yeas

"VoL* 37.

returned into the House, and Mr. Speaker declared the Yeas had it. .,

’ So the Question was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke, Mr. pox. Lord John Ca-

.vendish, Sir George Savile, Colonel Barre, Mr. Thomas

Townshend, Mr, Byng, Mr. Dunning, Sir Joseph Mpw-bey, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Frederick Montagu, the Earl of Upper Ojjory, and, Sir William Guise, do prepare', and bring in, the said Bill.

J

L.

Duval's

Nat.

The. Orders of the pay being read;

Ordered, That the Bill, now ingrafted, to allow the Tnule of Trade, between!, Ireland and the British Colonies and h-eliod. Plantations in America, and The West Indies, and the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, to be Carried on in , like Manner as it is.now carried on between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Settlements, be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply* ing, next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this idoufe will, upon Monday Morn- Wayi

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whoje Me

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ayd then the House adjourned till A Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

/ ¥ _________________ 1

Lunay 140 die Feb;

Anno 20* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1780.

PRAYER*.

SfHARL ES Jfenry Cazenove. and David Duval took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

The iloufe being informed that Mr. Jennings, Account; from the Exchequer, attended at the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented, to the House, pursuant to their Order,

, An Account of how, much of the Land Tax, for the Year 1779, is paid into the Exchequer.

And then he withdrevy.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon, the Table, to be peryfed by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

, The House being informed that Mr. Reynolds, Accounts; pjerk of the Arraignments for the City of London,yX-tended at the Door; he was called in; and, the Bar, Arraign*, presented to the House, pursuant to then Ordej, ,.

.. An Account of, Fees, Perqnifitep, and Emoluments of Office, qlaimed and usually taken by, the Clerk of the Arraignments for the City of attending at

Justice'Hail in the Old Bailey.jhipAalfp, .

An Account ,of Fees, Pefquifites, and Emolymeqts of Office, taken by Benjamtn Deacon, Clerk of the SeffijOn of Gaol Delivery of Newgate for the County of ftkidelUfex. . (^ , .

he withdrew,

And the Titles of the, laid Accounts were, read,_

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be.perused, fc^y the Member? of . d1? .

The fei^ Accpuptt arejpreserved amongst the other Bspers of this Semon.

7 M The;

59+ I+* Februari^ 1780.

ic*n The House being informed that Mr.

P*' ‘from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1778, The Account " of the Committee of the Company of Merchants " trading to Africa; distinguishing every Article of Expence under its proper TitleAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, " Orders and Regulations."

And then he withdrewi

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Trent Bridge Mr. Robert Smith reported from the Committee, to Ro"* whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for execu-ing Two Acts, made, one in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing the Road from the Trent , in the " County of the Town of Nottingham, through Costock, " otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the , " County of Leicesterand the other in the Twenty*

' seventh Year of the Reign of the said King, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted * by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re-u pairing the Road leading from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through " Costock, otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to the Bridges A commonly known by the Name of Cotes Bridges, in the County of Leicester, and for making the said Act " more effectual;" and of several Persons who have advanced Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Cud Acts were read: And,

Mr. Francis Evans being examined, said. That the Trustees have executed the said Acts, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, of which jf. 2,430 remains unpaid — That 'several Alterations and Amendments are necessary to render the said Acts effectual, particularly an Alteration in the Tolls upon Waggons and Carts, to make the several Tolls, upon an Average, One with the other — That as the Terms granted by the said Acts are near expiring, the Money now owing cannot be repaid, nor > the Roads properly repaired and kept in Repair, uri-less the Terms and Powers of the said Acts are continued and enlarged. 1

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill.for repealing Two Acts, made in the Eleventh and.Twen-ty-seventh Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Hoad from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of ’ through Cof-

tock, otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester; and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said. Road: And that Mr. Robert Smith, Lord Edyoard Bentinck, and Sir William Howe, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Teibury

*"?<i Sir William Codrington reported from the Committee, Down to w^om Petition of fevetal of the Trustees ap-Ro«4. . ' '

pointed to put in Execution so much of an Act passed in the Thirty-first: Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads from Tetbury, and other Places, in the County of Gloucester, as relates to the Road from Tetbury to the Gates-at the Westerly Side of SymonJ's-Hall Down, leading to the Roads to Wot ton-under-edge and Dnrftey, and trom the House at the Top of Frocester Hill, where a Turnpike Gate lately flood, to the joining of the Turnpike Road from Cirencefttr to the Monument upon Landfdown, near a Barn called Dunkirk Barn, and from a Field called Bowldown Sleight to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horsley to Tnear Till up's Inn, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the'' 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, thtf' said Act was read; whereby it appeared, That the Roads thereby directed to be amended, were divided into Two Districts, and the Roads before ddcished are call* ed The First District :And,

Mr. William Vyz.ard informed your Committee,

That several Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, for amending the 1 Reads within the said First District and applied for that Pur- pole, which fti 11 remains due; and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads sufficiently amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the said District, are continued and enlarged.

And the Witness further said. That the Road leading out of the Road from Tetbury to Down, near a Place called Howeis Down, across Owl-pen Down, to a Lane leading to Lam pern HUT, and also the Road leading from that Part of the said Road from Frocester Hill to the Monument upon Lansdown near the Latter Wood Turnpike, across Owlpen Down aforesaid, are very narrow and much out of Repair, and it would be of public Utility; if the same were properly repaired and widened, and put under the Direction of the Trustees for the said First District.

And the Witness added. That the said Two Branches of Road contain little more than a Mile in Length, and adjoin to the present Turnpike Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads from Tetbury, and other Places, in the County of Gloucester, so far as the same relates to the Road from Tetbury to the Gates on the West of Sy-mond's-Hall Down, and from the House at the Top of Frocester Hill, where the Turnpike Gate lately stood, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester towards Bath, and from the Field called Bowldoi Sleight, to the End r ' of a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horsley to Tetbury, near Tilt up's Inn; and for amending and keeping

in Repair the Road from the said Turnpike Road near Howell’s Down, across Owlpen Down, to a Lane leading to LampernHill, and from another Part of the said

Turnpike Road near the latter Wood Turnpike, across Owlpen Down aforesaid, all in the said County Gloucester: And that Sir William Codrington and Sir William Guise do prepare and bring in, the feme.

Mr. Chester presented' to the House, according to Or- Sail der, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and exchanging, the Lan^s in the- Common Fields and Common Paf^ures*

arid

20 Geo. ill. 14" Februariu 595

and other Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Sal- mine the Matter thereof and report the fame, as it shall person, in the County of Gloucester: And the same appear to them, to the House:

was received; and read the First Time. And it is referred to Mr. Parker, Mr. Wilmot,

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Minsfield A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-iecond Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the High Road leading " from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of " Heath, and Normenton, and the Liberty of Hajland, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby, to the Town of Chesterfield, in the County of *- Derby," w'as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Edward Bent inch, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

GramhuBf Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in (he Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Bottesford and Bingham, to Nottingham " ‘Trent Bridge, and from Chappel Bar near the West " End of the Town of Nottingham, to Mary's * Bridge in the Town of Derby, and from The Guide ' Pod in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry," as telates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Mary's Bridge in the Town of Derby, and from The Guide Post in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Howe, Mr. Ehves, 8tc. *. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Charl-on Mt. Penruddock presented to the House, according to

ludoiure. Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Charlton, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the principal Merchants and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of , in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have received Information from their Correspondents abroad, that, if the Import Duties on Linens and Laces, and Lace Thread, imported from the Imperial Dominions in the Low Countries into this Kingdom, are not lessened, a Duty of Sixteen Pence a Yard will soon be imposed on all British Woollen Manufactures imported into that Country, which will be equal to a Prohibition on all Woollen Goods manufactured in this Part of the Kingdom; and the Petitioners apprehend and believe, that, if the present Duties on the Importation of such Foreign Linens and Laces, and Lace Thread, into this Kingdom, could be lessened, it would greatly promote and increase the Woollen Manufactures of this Country, which have been declining for several Years past, while those of Prance have increased: The Petitioners therefore hope

I the House will give them such Relief and Assistance

as the Wisdom of Parliament shall deem proper on this Occassion.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Voju 37.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for enlarging the Term anti Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-iecond Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Roads from Chappel Bar near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to " Newhaven, and from (he Four Lam Ends near Oak-u erthorpe, to Afiborne, and from Croft Post on

" Wirksworth Moor, to join the Road leading from " Chesterfield to Chappel-en-le-Frith, at or near Longst on, in the County of Derby, and from Selfton to " Anneftey Woodhouse, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Lord Richard CavendSec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Mat-lock, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Lord John Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afunoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Kighley, and

Nezvfholme, in the Parish of Kighley, and County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Lord John Cavendish, See: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir William Hoive have leave to go into the Countiy, for a Month, upon his special Affairs.

Mr. Jervoise reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places^ within the Parish of Leckforid Abbotts and Abbcfs, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committed had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosurej had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields; Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Leg-

bu.cn.

1

Chappa# Bar

near

Nottingham

Road.

Matlock

Inclosufte

Kighley,

Ac.

Inclosure#

Leave of Abseniae.

Lcckford

Abbott*,

&c.

Inclosure#

Leghura

Iodolure.

r

Lincoln

Roads*

Swinford

inclosure.

South

Kilworth

laclolurt*

last

Tarndon

Inclosure,

Grcndon

loclosure.

Wyc River

Bridge.

o

Kdfo # Two Pennies ScoU.

596 14 Ftbruuri'

burnt >® the County of Lincoln, waa read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue', amend, and make effectual, an " Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repajring the Roads from the North West Parts of" the " County of Lincoln, through Nett lam Fields,

" Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds, or North " East Part of the said County; and also for repairing " and widening the Roads from The Well, in " in the City of Lincoln, and from the North West End " of Horncastle, and from The Guide at the East End

" of Hainton, through Barkwith to the Roads directed

" to be repaired by the said Act;" was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. Sibthorpe, &c.: And they are to meet this After*

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Swinford, in the County of And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to; Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures. Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of South Kilworth, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of East Farndon, in the County of Northampton!, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Kniglitley, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Grendon, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Kniglitley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for building a Bridge across the River Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in the County of Hereford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Clumber.

Sir Gilbert Elliot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty KingGctfr^ the Second, intituled,

" An Act for laying a Duty of Two'Pennies Scots, or " One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots " Pint of Ale, Potter, andi Beer, which shall be brewed " for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the " Town of Kdfo, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a Bridge cross the River Tweed, and for other " Purposes therein mentioned," was committed; That the the Committed had examined the Allegations of the ' Bill, and found the same to-be true j and that the Committee had gone through -the Bill; and made an Amendment thereunto; which they ,had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table Where the Amendment’ was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed tQ by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Skipwish reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Exe- _*c-

cution Tl’.ree several Acts, made in the Twelfth Year M "

of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for regairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon , unto Edge Hill, ,in the County of Warwick, and of several of the Creditors who have advanced Money, or have Money due to them, upon the Tolls by the said Acts granted, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 45th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills,-had been

complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the ‘House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is-as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read t And,

Mr. William Rtf/J'ell being examined, said, That the Trustees have regularly executed the said Acts, and have made a great Prog refs in amending the Roads leading from Birmingham, through to War-

ming ton, and the utmost Limits of the said County of

Warwick, on Edge Hill — That the Tolls, together with considerable Sums of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied; and that the said Debt cannot be paid off,: and the Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said -Acts, which is near expiring, be further continued, and the Powers thereof-enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, enlarge, and render more effectua], the Term and Powers in Three several Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of . King George the First, and in the Eighteenth and Thifty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edge hill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the feme relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington aforesaid, and so on to the utmost Limits of the said County, on Edgekill aforesaid: And that Sir Thomas Skipwith and Sir Charles Holte do prepare, and

bring in, the feme.

The Lord Hinchmgbrook reported from the Com- Barb* mittee, to whom the Bill for inclosing the Open and Incteu.. Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Parish and Liberties of Barham, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the

Macclesfield

Road.

Chester

Writ.

Leave of Absence.

Biddaford,

Ac.

Roads.

Expenditure

of

PaMk Monty.

ao. Geo III. 14 Februarii.: $97

the Committee had examined, arid found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Jndofure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,- to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, who is Tenant for Life of 140 Acres, who said, be thought it was as well as it is, but that the Person next in Remainder had signed the Bill; and also, except Mr. Thomas Smyth, the Owner of no Acres,

who signed his Consent to the Bill, upon Condition that George Maxwell should be nominated a Commissioner; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed (including 100 Acres of Common Land) amount to 800, Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That thfc Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act; passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from The " Cross, at Broken Cross, in ', in the County of Chester, through Macclesfieldto the present

" Turnpike Road at the South End of the Township " of Buxton, in the County of Derby " and for making,

amending, and keeping in Repair, a Road branching from the,/aid Turnpike Road at or near the House of Edward Bay ley, to the Coal Pits, at Thatch Marsh and Goit, and from thence . to rejoin the said Turnpike Road at Thatch Marsh aforesaid,. and from the Hid Turnpike Road near The Bar, to the Lime

Kilns at The Grin, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to The Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Knight of the 8hire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the

room of Samuel Egtrion, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon his private Affairs.

... i , J

Six Philip Jennings Clerke presented tq the House, according to Order, a Bjll for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the End of the Exeter Turnpike Road, on the WeR Side of Lord Clifford's, Park Gate, to Biddaford; and also several Roads from Bridge-

town Pomeroy, and from Tei°n Bridge, in the County of Devon; and for repealing Two Acts, of the Thirty-second of his late Majestjr, and the Second of His present Majesty, made for repairing the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Devon, was presente/ to the House, and read; Setting forth. That your Petitioners . cannot- view the declining Situation of the British Empire, without calling on this honourable House, by every Tie of Intereli, Honour, and Justice, to avert the Ruin

Vol. 37.

that menaces this once great _ ind protperau/ Nationalby a proper and timely Exertion of* those powers which, by the Constitqtion, this honourable House is inverted with: Alarmed at the diminishing Resources and growing Burthens of this Country, and viewing with the greatest Concern a large, Addition to the National Debt* an heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of the Trade, Manufactures, and land Rents of this Kingdom, we are convinced, that the moil ftrieft and exemplary Frugality is now indispensably necessary in every Department of, State, in Order to enable His Majesty $0 prosecute the War with, the greater Vigpyr j your Petitippers observe, with Grief, that, notwithstanding the calamitous and impoverished Condition of the Nation; much , Public Money has beeq improvidently squandered, and< that many Individuals,.enj§^ jfineciye Place?, efficient Places with exorbitant Emoluments*3 and Pensions unmerited by Public Service, to a large and still increasing Amount, whence the Crown has acquired an extensive and unconstitutional Influence, which* if not restrained, may soon prove fatal to the Liberties of this Country.: - Your Petitioners, therefore, appeaiipg to the Justice of this hpnourable House, do most $ar-neftly request, That effectual Measures. may be taken* by this House, to enquire into and correct the gross Abuses in the railing and Expenditure of ..Public Money, |o reduce all exorbitant Emoluments, to refeind and abolish all sinecure Places and unmerited Pensions, and to appropriate the Produce to the Necessites of the State, in such Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ta^ ble. ‘:

A Petition of the Principal Merchants and Inhabitants of the; Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, fwas presented. to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have received Informa-,tion from their Correspondents abroad, that, if the Import Duties on, [Linens and Laces imported, from the Imperial Dominions in the Low'Countries ,into this Kingdom are not lessened* a, Duty of Sixteen Pence a Yard will loon be ijnposed on, all Woollen Manufactures imported into that Country, which will be equal to a. Prohibition on all Woollen Goods manufactured in this Part of the Kingdom; and the Petitioners apprehend and believe, that., if the present Duties on the Importation of such Foreign Linens, and Laces into this Kingdom could be lessened, it would greatly prQ-mote and increase the- Woqllen, Manufactures of this Country, which have been declining for several Years part: The Petitioners therefore hope the House will give them such Relief and Assistance as the Wisdom of Parliament, shall deem proper on this Occasion.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Merchants and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish oi Qollumpton, in the County of Devon, is

referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition,; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the several. Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and of the other Owners and Proprietors of ancient Messuages, and of Common; Fields and Half Year Lands, arid other Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Salt house and Kelling, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for cx-tinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk, Common, and Shackage, in and over the Common Fields and Half Year Lands, lying within the Parishes of Salthouse and Kelling, in the County of Norfolk; and/or dividing and allotting certain Warrens, Heaths, Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Qrounds within, the said Parishes and for other Purposes therein mentioned > And

7 N setting

Foreign

Linens*

laces*

let.

Salfhonft,

and Ktl ling inclosure#

Account; Land Tuc.

Protection

of

Jamaica

Sale of Forest and Crown Land*.

14® Febtua

A. 1780.

setting forth, That fere nil of the Provisions and Powers in the said Bill tend rhatetiaHylto aflfedt and injure the Estates and Property of the Petitioners and others, ift-tereftcdinthe laid intended Inclosure: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves, their Agents, or Cpunfef, against such Parts of the said Bill as are injurious and detrimental to them, and that the said Bill, as it now Hands, may not pass into a Laiv.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Comsideration of a Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Courtfd, before the said. Committee,%pon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Chwifel to be heard, at the feme Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Receivers General of the Land Tax of the several Counties in Great do lay

before this House, an Account of what Part of the Land Tax for the Year 1779 remained in their Hands, respectively, on the 7th Day of this Instant February.

A Petition of the Merchants, Mariners, and Trades-men of Liverpool, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the general Importance of the Island of Jamaica, from the great Value of its Produce, which is chiefly expended on the Manufactures and Productions of Great Britain, is rendered still more consequential to this Town and Neighbourhood, through the weighty Connections produced by our Trade to as well as by an immediate Export and Import; that the Loss of this invaluable Settlement would certainly prove exceedingly prejudicial, not only to the Manufactures, Commerce, and Navigation, of this Country, but, from the Numbers who would thereby be involved in certain Ruin, might give a fatal Blow to our National Credit, and endanger our Existence as a great Maritime Power; that this Island is, from its Situation, particularly ex poled to the1 joint Attacks of the common Enemy, and ought therefore to be in a constant State of Defence; the Track of its homeward-bound TVade is along the French and Settlements, and

nfcctffarily require! strong Convoys; these Circumstances render it a very proper Station from whence to alarm and distress the Enemy; if a Force Was constantly maintained there, adequate to all these important Purposes: Your Petitioners therefore pray. That; through the Mediation of this honourable House, such Measures may be pursued as may probably tend to remove the Danger to which the Island of Jamaica has too long remained exposed; and that the Establishments there, both Military and Naval, may be augmented in such a Manner as the Safety of lb valuable a Possession, the Security of its Commerce, and the Annoyance of the Enemy, shall appear to require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Sale of the Forest and other Crown Lands, Rents, andi Hereditaments, with certain Exceptions, and for applying the Produce thereof to the Public Service; and for securing, ascertaining, arid fetisfying, Tenant Rights, and Common and other Rights;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit. y Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Sale of the Forest and other Crown Lands, Rents,

16

and Hereditaments; with certain Exceptions, and for applying the Produce thereof to the Public Service and for securing; ascertaining, and satisfying, Tenant Rights, and Cornmoh and other Rights: And that Mr. Burke, Mr. Fox, Lord Johri Sir George

Colonel Barrie, Mr. Thomas Mr. Mr.

Dunning, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr; Recorder of London, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Frederick Montagu, the Earl of Upper OJjory, Sir William Guise, and Mr* Gilbert, do prepare* and bring in the feme

A Motion being made. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more perfectly uniting to the Crown the Principality of Wales and the County Palatine of Chester, and for the more commodious Ad-

ministration of Justice within the same; as also, for abolishing certain Offices now appertaining thereto, for quieting dormant Claims, ascertaining and securing Tenant Rights, and for the Sale of all Forest Lands, and other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, held by His Majesty in Right of the said Principality or County Palatine of Chester, and for applying the Produce thereof to the Public Service;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more perfectly uniting to the Crown the Principality of Wales and the County Palatine of Chester, and for the more commodious Administration of Justice within the lame; as also, for abolishing certain Offices now appertaining thereto, for quieting dormant Claims, ascertaining and securing Tenant Rights, and for the Sale of all Forest Lands, and other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, held by His Majesty in Right of the said Principality or County Palatine of Chester, and for applying the Produce thereof to the Public Service: And that Mr. Burke, Mr. Fox, Lord John Sir

George Savile, Colonel Barrb, Mr. Thomas Townshend,

Mr. Byng, Mr. Dunning, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Frederick Montagu, the Earl of Upper OJfory, Sir William Guifr, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare!, and bring in, the feme.

A Motion being made. That Leave be given to bring in a. Bill for uniting to the Crown the Dutchy and County Palatine of Lan for the Suppression of unnecessary Offices now belonging thereto, for the Ascertainment and Security of Tenant and other Rights, and for the Sale of all Rents, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and Forests, -within the said Dutchy and County Palatine, or either of them, and for applying the Produce thereof to the Public* Service;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of tlfe Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for uniting to the Crown the Dutchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, for the Suppreflibn of unnecessary Offices now belonging thereto, for the Ascertainment and Security of Tenant and other Rights, and for the Sale of all Rents, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and Forests, within the said Dutchy and County Palatine, or either of them, and for applying the -Produce thereof to the Public Service: And that Mr- Burke, Mr. Fox, "Lord John Cavendish, Sir George Savile, Colonel Barri, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Byng, Mr. Dunning, Sir

Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Frederick Montagu, the Earl of Upper Of fory. Sir William Guise, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, And bring in the fame.

An

Regulating the Prircipality of W dUi,

Dfltchy

ot

Lancaftfr.

Tndt d/ kclaid.

Supply;

Wav# mil Mean#

Bawnton

fclcftion.

20 Geo. III.

14* — 15* Februarii,

59

An ingrossed Bill to allow the Trade between Ireland and the British Colonies and Plantations in America and

The West Indies, and the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, to be carried on in like Manner as it is now

carried on between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Settlements, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to allow the Trade between Ireland and the British Colonies and Plantations in America and The West Indies, and the British Settlements on the Coast of

Africa, to be carried on in like Manner as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Settlements.

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tq consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the nvhole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 15* die Februarii;

Anno ao° Georgii IIIt!i Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Robert Shaftfi, Esquire, and allb the Petition of John Batten, William Kervill, John Woodlands, and William How, complaining of the undue Election and Return of the honourably *

Bouverie, for the borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions. i

The Serjeant at Arms was dire<sted, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Bu-finess of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and 104 Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents oh both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being lockrd, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly ';

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Bor, which bad been before prepared, and put into Six Glalfes; and were then drawn by the Clerk, in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Forty-eight Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Thomas Wood, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused irom serving on the said. Sclc«ft Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the liune upon Oath, he was excused accordingly. Vol. 37.

And the Name of one other Member, then present, was drawn, who Was not objected to.

NoterThat in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Two other Members; then present, were drawn, and let aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House;

One, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which he had before verified on Oath; and One, on Account of his having already, in this Session of Parliament, served oh a Select Committee.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members lo drawn as afordatd, and not excused or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Petitioners named Moyfey, Efejiiire, and the Counsel’for the Sitting Member, named George Demgfter, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered, by the Clerk, to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being Opened, the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew".

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Leckford Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Abbott*, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable - .

Places, within the Parish of Leckford Abbotts, and Abbess, *

in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Leckford Abbotts and Abbess, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Jervoise do carry the Bill to’ the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing the Open and Com- 8*rh«m ifiQD fields, M^dows, Cpmmqoaqle Latufo and Corn- Inclosutt. Pjlqiis, within the Parift* and {dbertic? of bar ham, in tile'

Cqupty of Hmtingftotf, wi% rea^ thy Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pa^: ^nd tpat thy Title be, An Act for inclosing the Open and Common Fields,

Meadows, Commo(i*bfe Laqds, and Commons, within the Parish and Liberties.of Barham, in the County of

TT '* -O ') \ I l . r , *r* * f ft

Huntingdon. vi.

Ordered, That the Lord Hhtchingbdo carry the Rill to thy Lords," a^d desire ftieif^oncurrehce.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the p;ndern Commons, Open Fields, and Common Pastures, in the Inclosurt. Liberty of Findern, in the Parish of Mickleover, and County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coke of Derby, Mr. Tazvnjhend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, 'ih"1 the Speaker’s-Chamber. *-> ’1 '; - <

Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee, F><h«tbri whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, made in the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Ffhertm Bridge’ to the Turnpike Road at

Willoughby '. Hedge, in Wtjl JKtioyle, And from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of bury, and also the’ Road from the Turnpike, Rqad Id the Top of Redhone Hill, in the Parish! of TJxfJJorft, to t(je Mile Stone at thy Westerii JEnd of Jfti/fttrlpp Streep, in the County of Wilts, and also of several Gentlemen,

Freeholders, and others, of the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed hind

to

Aarpluftc*.

600 . 150 Februarii. A. 1780,

to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House } and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. James Still being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed confidence Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which Money, together with the said Tolls, have been applied in the Repair of the said Roads, but which cannot be kept in good Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, some of the Tolls encreased, and some Alterations and Amendments made to the said Acts. — And he further said. That Part of the Road in the Town of Wilton, is very narrow, and unsafe for Passengers; and, in order to widen and render the same convenient and safe, it will be necessary to impower the Trustees to purchase and take down a House of small Value, in the Possession of James and also to purchase and lay into the said Road, a small Parcel of Ground belonging to Sander Sidford.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Ftjherton Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at

Willoughby Hedge,\nWejl Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge

to the Turnpike Road at the West End of;

and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Redkone Hill, in the Parish of Urjhfont, to the Mile Stone at the Western End of Fisherton Street, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Penruddock and Mr.

Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Estimate Majesty’s Command, ^’cw

Estimate of the Charge of Additional New Levies, to be raised for the Year 1780, for the respective Times within mentioned.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Additional New Levies, to be raised for the Year 1780, for the respective

Times under-mentioned.

1 Number*. Charge for 1780. Total.

LIGHT DRAGOONS.

One Additional Troop, with a Lieutenant Colonel to Lieutenant Colonel Holroytfs Corps of Light Dragoons, from %5th December 1779 to 24th December 1780, both in-dufive, being 366 Days, - ' 68 j,i79.1* 6

FOOT.

Major General Raitu/ord1 s Regiment of Foot, from 24th February 1780 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 305 Days - - - -Lieutenant Colonel Humberstone's Corps for the same Time -. Lieutenant Colonel FuUarton'% for the same Time 827 584 584 G995 12,929 9 2 8.623 17 6 8.623 l7 6 3°>»77 4 *

Total - «=3£ 2,063 - 33>356 16

War-Office,

15th February 1780.

C. Jenkinson.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House. pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Surpluses stated the 5th Day of April 1779: And also.

Surplusses stated the 10th Day of October 1779.

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The said Surplusses are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstracts thereof areas followeth; viz.

ABSTRACT

g

cq'

N

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

o

00

n

ABSTRACT of the said Surpluses,

r* ——

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund..... Dr*

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1779; viz. £. r.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1*.....- 683,454 4

D° — of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 128,154 14

D° — - of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3-.- - - - 37 3»7b’9 t>:

1,i85,398

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods, impoited and undervalued, brought to tlvs Account pursuant to -

an, Act 1 \ ° Georgii \nd - 264 8

To Monies brought to this Account on the 5th Day of April 1779* pursuant to several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz. ’ £ / d1

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted pc* Act 40 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the

Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 250 Georgii 2 { - 16,499 — —

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Act l6°

Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - * 9,084 — "

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 180 Georgii 2dI, for the

Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - - *3,339 10 W

Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 190 Georgii 2^’u and the Arrears of the Duty on Glass, granted by the same Act, with the Sum brought to the same in Part of £. 63,078. 8s. 8J. per Annum, directed to be applied out of the new Duty on Glass, granted by an Act 170 Georgii 3th, to make good the above Duty on Gi&fs . repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Acts - 29,793 14 4

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2Ji> for the Service of the Year 1747,

brought to this Account pursuant to an Act a$Q Georgii z& - - - - 47,321 —

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 210 Georgii 2<li, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - 161,561 — 7»

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii i*ni, for the

Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D* - - - - 112 —

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending, Gold or Silver , Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund, by an Act 32° Georgii 2<h - - - 3*935 — "

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3th, and the Arrears of the Duties on D° repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 93,549 |S a

The Duty of 2/. 4J. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26°

Georgii zii - -..... 7,86s 44

The Duty of iaj. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2<h. for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 27° Georgii 2Ji 4*497 " "

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 20 Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of £.1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2.^ - 38,53^ 10 4»

Surplus of the Duty upon Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii aUi, for raising the Sum of £. 1*750,000 by’Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England\ brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 2S0 Georgii ---- 13»°44 11 ®

The Duty on Licences for retiiling Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii 2di ---- *7>29S

The additional Duty on Cards and D;ce, brought to this Account pursuant to One other

Act 2 90 Georgii 2<-l» - -- - 5»I24 "

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° __

GiorgH 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 320 Georgii a*11 - - - - 3°i5s4

T* the additional Duty upon Coals exported, the like - - - 2,829 10 3*

stated the 5th Day of April 1779*

a

>»4

Ti

598,814 »i

* 1149 *7 Si

« :>Tt5

28,794 — —

Pe* Contra. Cr,

3y the Chief Csfliier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of EnglauAy £. /. d,

to pay Hall a Yen’s Interest after the Rate of /. 3 per Centum per Annum, due to the 5th Day of January 1779* a* wc^ on *ke Principal Sum of ^.37,770,974. u. 9i</. remaining unredeemed of £ 39,*8t,$ai. $/. 1JV. in £>' 3 Centum Annuities, consolidated, and charged by several Acts of Parliament oa thi* Fund, as on the further Sum of £. 2,150,000 added to the said Remain by an Act 16® Georgii 3d1, in respect of £ 2,000,000 borrowed towards the Supply of the Year 1776 -

Bv D° for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Time By the fniJ Chief Caftiier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pav Half a Year’# Interest, due the 5th Day of April 1779, being after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Ammm% on the Principal Sum of £ 18,353,773. 16s. 4^. to which £ 19,183,323. i6r. 4J. charged on this Fund by the Acts 250 Georg 1 a4*1, and 50 Georgii 3d1, is reduced, by abating from the same /'.829,55c, subscribed and ledeemed in pursuance of the Acts of 120, 14°, and 150 Georgii 3d1 ---- 275,306 12 1$

By D° for Charges of Management of the said Annuitie# for the same Half

Year - 5,161 19 11{

By the S.uth Sea Company, to pay Half a Year’s Interest. due the 5th Day of January 1779, bein^ after the Rate of £. 3 ter Centum per Annum, on £.1,919,600, to which/*. 2,100,000, borrowed on Credit of this Fund by an Act 24° Georgii 2dI, is reduced, by abating from the same £. 180,400, subscribed and redeemed in pursua'ncc of the Acts 12°, 14% and 150 Gear-gii 3*11 - - - - .

By D° for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the feme Half

Year -----..... 539 *7 9

By Cash taken to Answer Annuities on Single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii a*1, and charged on this Fund by an Act ~

32° Gtorg/i act, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1779 - 13,917 6 3

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 5* Georgii 3d1, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1779 - - 270 — jb

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Haifa Year’# Annuity, due the 5th Day of April 1779,011 £. iS,9^6,300, to which the Principal Sum of/'. 20,240,000 (made one Joint Stock of £. 4 per Centum Annuities by an Act 2° Georgii 3di) is reduced by the Sum of 1,253,70° having, been subscribed for £. 3 per Centum Annuities, with the Advantages attending the feme, pursuant to an Act 10° Georgii 3tU - 379»72*> — ‘-»

By D° for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year* 5 339 l7 1 li By the said Chief Caftiier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted per' Act* i° and 20 Georgii 3tl1 Ur 99 and 98 Years, which were made one Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3ti!, for the Half Year ended tie 5 th Day of January 1779 - -- 124,125 — —

By D° for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the feme Half Year *>745 l

By D° to pay Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 5th Day of April 1779, being after the Rate of/*. 4 per Centum per Annum, on /*. 5,000,000 borrow eJ,

and charged on this Fund by an Act I;° Gewgii 3lli - - - ico, oooo — —

By D* for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time - 1,406 5 — *

By D° to pay Annuities to continue for 10 Years, from the 5th Day of April 1

l777r being after the Rate of Ton Shillings per Centum per Annum on the said /'. 5,000,000, for Huis a Year ended the said 5th Day of April 1779 12,500 — —

*4,

o

O

"W

o

Cn

I:

8s

D

ca

N

CD

CL

cr

Georgii

To the Surplus of the New Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the like

To D°----- - of the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like

To the Subsidy on Goods and f Ierchrmdizes imported, grunted by an Act 3a0 brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 33° Georgii 2Jl To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, per Acts 320 Georgii 2dl, and 5® Georgii 3fiI -To the Surplus of the Duty upon Spirituous Ljqaors, granted by an Act 24° Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2* Georgii 3:!l -

To tl.e Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 330 Georgii 2dI, and 60 Georgii3*n, brou; ht to this Account pursuaitf to Act 3® and 6° Georgii 3llt -To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2 Georgii 3lU, and brought to this Account pinfuaut to the same Act

2,6:3 12 1 24,792 — "

To the Duties upon Mr.lt, granted by an Act 33° Georgii a*1, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act z'Georgiiy^ -

-til

1 -1

1,340 —

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act 1® Georgii 3' brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 3d1 -

To the additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods* grantrd and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii To the additional Duties upon Policies of Assurance, the like -

To the additional Duty upon Italian Silk Craiv s and Tiffanies imported, grouted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6' Georgii 3tik -

To the additional Subsidy upon Eafi ladia Wrought Silks, (sic. granted and made a fart of this Fund by cne other Act 6° Georgii 3*" - »

To the additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of thi* f und by an Act 70 Georgii 311 - - - #

To the additional Duties upon Wrncs imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii $tn, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act S® Georgii 3111 -

To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6# Georgii 3ti!, brought this Account pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii 3tU ——

To the additional Duty upon Coaches, &c. granted by an Act 16° Georgii 3*", and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -

To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper* and on Newspaper?* granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act ——

To the Duties on Licences to he taken out by Auctioneers, and the Duties on all Lands, Houses, and other Things sold by Auction, granted and brought to this Account pursuant an Act 17® Georgii 3111 -

To the additional Stamp Duty on Veflum, Parchment, and Paper, granted and brought {o this Account pursuant to the said Act 170 Georgii 3tU -

To the Surplus of the Duties on Glass, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 17° Georgii 31'1 -

To the Tax upon all Male Servants, -granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the bid Act....

537-----

28*485 — . 168,521 — 29,660 — —

249,620 ---

12,781 9

686

12,834 3

3>275 8

21,584 12

2,884 —

11,722 —

22,731 —

4,888 —

16,225 -

21 >93 3 —

15*840 18

5,900

oi

III

9

ii

6

7

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time -By Ditto, for Charges of Mauageinent of the several Annuities payable in respect of £. 4,980,77a. 3/* remaining unredeemed of £. 5,000,000 bor-

rowed by virtue of an Act 31° Georgii 2«li, for the Service of the Year 1758 (which Management was, by a Clause in the said Act* charged on this Fund)

for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1779....

By the Uflierof toe Exchequer, for Necessaries -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1779* of the Fund for Payment of Annuities granted by an Act 3 i° Georgtt 2«h, which, by a Clause in the said Act is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted iir Parliament -

By Cash taken tonukegood the Deficiency on the $th day of January *779*.^ Fund for Payment of Annuties granted by an Act 180 Geartii 3^* which by a Clause in the fuiJ Act i* to be replaced to this Fund out of the Fitft Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

By Cash takn in full of 2,296,209, is. SjJ. grapt;<d by. an Act. 1.80 Georgii 3th, towards the Supply of the Year 177$ ....

>75 »S 7i

1 1,400 1$ IO

59 10. 4t

18,919 8

191,735 i6 795,761 16 9i

2

2,566,849 i* 7

By Cash remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th pay of ijjq, for the Dispofkion of Parliament - - 71,854 13 8£

2,639,70412 3i

This being the 113th Half Yearly Account made up pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii mni, (Page 367) is humbly presented, this 15th Day

of February 1779, by me

Grey Geoff*

2,638,704 12 31

cr*

*5° Febmarii. A. 1780.

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund

g

co'

N

CD

Q.

(D

o

00

To Cadi remaining the re on the 5th Day of April 1779, for the Disposition of Parliament To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 10th Day of Q&ober *79* **

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 ....

J)°---- of the South Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio a

W---- of the General Fund, hrought from Recount, folio 3 -

c- ' \

936,317 10 101,717 9 9» 435*99+ '*

Vr

7>*854

4*

To Money paid Into the Exchequer, by the Executor of Cathaiiic LM, for the Public

Service ....

Tu Monies brought to thh Account on the loth Day of October 1779, pursuant to the fcvetal Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; v«c. £* /«

To the additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 40 Georgii adi, far the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2 50 Georgii 2 J» ---- 1 18,884 9 —

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted

per Act 160 Georgii brought to this Account purAiant to D ’ - - 13,8x2 4 4

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act *8° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 174$, brought to this Account pursuant to D* - - 11,914 19

Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act iq°

Georgii z\ and the Arrears of the Duties on GUI's, granted by the same Act, with the Sqm brought to the fame, in Part of* £.63,07$ 8a per Annum, djxefted to be applied out of the New Du»y on GlaiV^ granted by an Act 17® Georgii 3cli, to make good the above Duties oufGlafc repealed thereby, brought to this Account pnrfu^nt to the said Acts - - 33,o8o 4 4

The I)uty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 241, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought tp this Account pursuant to an Act

250 Georgii 2-"..... 48,735 IJ J

The Subsidy on Goods, and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 2 V Georgii gili, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to P° ---- 107,4^5 16. 7.

The Duty of 6/L per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii, iml, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - —

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending Gold cr Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 21'' ----- - 3^565 15 — 5

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6°

Georgii 3th, and the Arrears of the putiet on D* repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act - 119,184 17 6-J

The Duty of 3/. 4d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuance

to an Act 26° Georgii 2di ---- 106,462 — 3!

The Duty J2r per Barrel on Sweets or Winea^rr»ade from British or Foreign fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act xo° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year *737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2 70 Georgii 2dl - - 6,759 3 6

Surplus of the additional D ity on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2° Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,020, by Saje of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant co

an Act 28° Georgii 47,554 3 5

Surplus of the Duty or\ Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of 1,750,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of

England, brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act 28®

Georgii 2di - -- 23,182 4 4-

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors,

brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii 2^ - - 31,622 19 4

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pur-

fu’nt to one other Act 29° Georgii 2dl 4*627 4 II

Arrears of the several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate* brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act 19° Georgii aJl - 30 17 4

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 320 Georgii 2dl - - 42,063 3 1

To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the l kc .* 5,695 7 4

i*474>°29

12 6£

400 —

ft

X.

*3

A

H

Per Centra - - *

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* to pay Half a Year’s Interest, after the Rate of£. $ per Centum per Annum* due the 5th Day of July 1779,8s well on the Principal Sum of £. 37,770,924. ix. y%d. remaining unredeemed, of39,281,5s r. 5*. i\d. in £.3 /rr Centum Annuities, consolidated, and charged by several Acts of Parliament on this Fund, as on the further Sum of £ 2,150,000 added to the said Remain by an Act 160 Georgii 3t:I, in respect of £. 2,000,000 borrowed towards the Supply of the Year 1776- ——

By D° for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time -By the said Chits Cashier or the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, due the io»h Day of October 1779, being after the Rate of £.3 pet Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum 0^.18,353,773. 16/. 4^. to which the Su n of £. 19,183,323. 16/, \d. charge? on this Fund by the Acts 25° Georgii 2di, and 50 Georgii 3d1, is reduced* by abating from the fair* ^829,550, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 120, 140, and 15* Georgii 3lil -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of July 1779, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum* on £. 1,919,600, to which £. 2, roo, oooo, borrowed on the Credit of this Fund by an Act 240 Georgii 2dI, is reduced, by abating from the fame£. 180,400, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts ia°, 14% and 150 Georgii 3tfi -By D° for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time By Calli taken to answer Annuities on single Lives payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2*’*, and charged on this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2di, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1779 By Cam taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3fii, for the Half Year ended the 10th Day of October 1779 By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Haifa Year’s Annuity, due the 10th Day of October 1779, on£. 18,986,300, to which the Principal Sum of £.20,240,000 (made one Joint Stock of£. 4 per Centum Annuities, by an Act 2° Georgii 3lli) is reduced, by the Sum of £. 1,253,700 having been subscribed for£. 3 per Centum Annuities, with the Advantages attending the fame, pursuant to an Act 10° Georgii 3l,i -By Ditto for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ for Annuities granted per Acts i° and 20 Georgii 3111, for 99 and 98 Years; which were made one Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3di, for the Half Year ended the 5' h Day of July 1779 By Ditto for Charges of Management of rhefe Annuities for the same Time -By Ditto to pay Half a Year’s Annuity, due the loth Day of October 1779. being after the Rate of £. 4 per Centum per Annum* on £. 5,000,000 borrowed and charged upon this Fund by an Act itp° Georgii 3tH -By Ditto for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time By Ditto, to pay Annuities, to continue for 10 Years, from the 5th Day of April 1777* after the Bate of Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum* on the said

Five Millions, for Half a Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1779 By Ditto for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time By Ditto for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of £.4,980,772. 3s. 3 W. remaining unredeemed of£. 5,000,coo borrowed by virtue of an Act 31* Georgii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1758 (which Management was, by a Clause in the said Act, charged on tbjs Fund) for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1779 - - .

By tha Bank of England* for Interest and Circulation of Exchequer Bills, made fprtb on Credit of this Fund, for the Service of the Year 1778 -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ to reimburse Fees paid to the Auditors of the Imprefts, for examining, auditing, and inyrof&ng Accompts of Dividend VS syraqts fov Annuities at 3! per Genlujtty Anno 1758, Long Annuities, and £. 3 per Cntum consolidated Annuities, for One Year, to the 5th Day of July 1777, Mpnih,s on, £. $00,900 Lottery

Annuities, Anno 1776, to the said 5th Day of July 1777; fur £.4 pet Centum Annuities, amt £. 3 per Centum reduced Annuities* One Year, to the 5th Day of Aptil 1777; for Fees at the Exchequer fpt improlt RoJh; and fee Fees.oiv Declarations and passing Acqo*pptp> accL obtaining a Quitted* fog CoAtobutignt \p Annuities and Lotteries* A‘ 1776 and 1777 - j - *

V'

o

598,813 17 *M49 *7

275,306 12 5»i6* »9 *»£

28,794-----

539 >7 9

*3.879 5 — ►*

‘ '9

270 — —

379,726-----

5.339 *7

124,125----

1,745 10

100,000-----

1,406 5 —

12,500-----

*75 >5 7?

1,400 16 10 2,516 5 —

9.S60 4 5

CM

To the Surplu* of the new Duty on Licence® to retail Wines, the like

D°------- of the Duties on Licences to retail Spirits, the like

To the Subfulv on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 32° Georgiidi, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 330 Gcogii 2cl To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate* the like -To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee per Acts 3a0 Georgii z4i and 5* Georgii $til ——

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 240 Gcoigii 2^, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2* Georgii 3ui -To the Duties up«n Spirituous Liquors, granted hv Acts 330 Gioigit 2dl and 6° Gc rgii 3tM, brought to this Account pursuant to Act 2° and 6° GiOigii 301 -

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquars, granted by an Act 2° Georgii 3tU, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act - -

To the Dutie* upoo Mall, granted by an Act 330 Georgii and brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act 20 Gcoigii 301 .

To ihe additional Duty upon Strong beer and Ale, granted by an Act i° Georgii 3r,h brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georg it 3 >i To the additional Duty upon the Exportation of Coals 2ud of several East India Goods, Uc. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3th -

To the additional Duties upon Policies of A durance, the like -To the additional Duties upon Italian Silk Crapes, and Tiffanies, imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3m To the additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, &Y. granted and made a Part of this Fund by One other Act 6° Gcoigii 3’di To the additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth 2nd Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Gtoigii 3m To the additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3*ii, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii 3-" -To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6^ Gcoigii 3ui, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Ad 8° Gcoigii 3th To ihe additional Duty on Coaches, C?V. granted by an Act 16° Georgii 3tii brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Newspapers, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act ——

To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -

To the Duties on Licences to be taken out by Audioneers, and the Duties on all Lands, Houses, and other Things sold by Auction, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 170 and 190 Georgii 3"* To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 170 Georgii 3111 -To the Surplus of the Duties on Glass, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act 170 Georgii 3til -To the Tax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -

4 Ah

20,168 —

94.297 19

1,102----

L39l-----

42,54.2-----

118,604 — — -

4i>538-----

286,946-----

304,194-----

17,082 9 io£

1,278 11 10

to 6 gl i>°5* 7 3

22,76313 —

8,654 — —

11,056 — —

3,»49I 3 7

4,426 7 11

a

18,89315 —

23,113 22 $

8,69315 7

18,592 7 — )

------- 1,812,296 18

4*

To Monies granted out of the Supply 177Q, for the Purposes following* by the Ad 190 Georgii 3lii, Page 1353, in that Behalf; viz.

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1778, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the 31st Year of the £.

Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for Service of the Year 1758 ------ 40,540

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1778, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the iSth _

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* towards the Supply granted for Service of the Year *77#.....- -

O

3,286,726 10 10}

j, d.

9 4

8

— 39«43* *3 "I

1 - 3.4

£ ,45

98,891 3

o\

o

4*

By Cafii taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1779* of Fund for Payment of Annuities granted by an Act 310 Georgii 2°l, which, b/ *

Clatife in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the Fir/l Supplies

to be granted in Parliament - -- 1®>4iS "

By Cafii taken to make good the Deficiency on the said 5th Day of July iJ79» the Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 180 Georgii 3t*i, which, by a Clause in the said Act is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament ----- ---- - 141,120 7 7i

By Cadi taken to make good the Deficiency on the said 5th Day of July 1779* of the Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 190 Georgii 3111, which* by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament - - 167,036 14 ly

By Cash taken in Part of j£. 2,071,854. 13/. 8£</. granted by an Act 19° Georgii

3*ii, towards the Supply of the Year 1779 ----- 1>59^»99i 10 11

£3-498,oil 17 7$

This being the 114th Half Yearly Accompt made up pursuant to an Act 9° Georgii i°", (t'a^e 367) is humbly presented this jjth Day of .1780, by me

Grey Cooper.

OO

O

15* Febraarii.

Tra'te u( Irci.mi;

Con,

ylvTj -it-^ouc v well.

HrberN

Nat.

Shrrtrn

M.ilt-r

Ruar’s.

20 Geo. III. 15° Februarii. 05

Ordered, That the said Surpldffes do Jie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Henry the Seventh, or of any other Acts which prohibit the exporting, carrying, or conveying Coin out of this Realm into;

anti so much of certain Acts made in Great Britain, which prohibit the Importation of Foreign Hups into Ireland, and which take off the Drawback upon Hops exported from Great Britain to Ireland; and to extend to H is Majesty’s Subjects redding in Ireland, the Privilege of being admitted into the Turkey Company, and to enable them to import into, and export from such Goods as may be imposed into, or exported from Great Britain, by the Merchants of England trading to ‘The Levant Seas: And the same was received; and read the Etrft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Piop ham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and rendering more effectual " an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s " Reign, intituled, An Act for building a new Parish " Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a " Chapel, for making a Cm met ary or Church Yard, and " for building an House for the Use of the Minister " of the Pari fit of S aim hi ary de-bone, in the County of " Middlesex," as impowers the Vestrymen of the said Parish to build a Church upon a certain Parcel of Ground in the said Parish, belonging to Henry Port man, F.squire, heretofore Parcel of a certain Clole called The Fift een Acres: And the same was received; and read the Firfi Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Popham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Bartholomew Huber: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

of the Tolls; which, together with the Tolls collected, have been applied in repairing the said Roads — Thit the Money lo borrowed Hill reo:ains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are continued and enlarged.

That Part of the Road between Shepton Malet and the Red Post, by Lidford Park Gate, at a Place called Pye Hill, js very steep, inconvenient, and unsafe for Travellers and Carriages; and if a Power was granted to turn the Course thereof, so as to avoid the said Hill, it would be of great public Utility.

And the Witness further said, That the Roads leading from the West End of the Turnpike Road at Steen Bow Bridge, in the Parish. of J’illon, in the said County, through the Parish of WestPenuard, and the Hamlets of Edgar ly and Chilkwelt, and along a Lane called Beer Lane, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Glastonbury to Piper's Inn; and also from Chilkwe/l aforesaid, to or near the Conduit at the East End of Glastonbury aforesaid; and also from the present Turnpike Road at the West End of the said Town of Shepton Malet, over the Forest of Mendip, and through the Parishes of wick and Stratton on the Fofs, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Wells to Bath at a Place called The White Post, are in a ruinous Condition, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually widened and repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be of great public Utility, if the said Roads were properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-sixth of his late Majesty, and the Fifth of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town of Shepton Malet, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing the Roads from Steen Bow Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Glastonbury to Piper's Inn, and from Chilkwe/l to Glastonbury, and from Shepton Malet to a Place called The White Post, in the Turnpike Road leading from Bath to Wells, in the said County: And that Mr. Hippijley Coxe, Mr. Pkelips, and Mr. Allen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hippijley Coxe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to " and from the Towns of Shepton Malet and Ivelchester, " In the County of Somerset," so far as relates to the several Roads therein called The Shepton Malet Turnpike Roads-, and the other in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His p:’lent Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act of the Twenty-sixth of King Gear re the Second; and for repairing the Roads from Shepton Malet to Leighton, and from Shepton Malet to Long Crrfs Bottom; and of several Persons who have lent and advanced Money on the Credit of the said Acts; and affi> of several Gentlemen Clergy, Freeholders, and others of the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 45th of April 1774, relative to Turn-j ike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read . And,

Mr. William Paget informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit VOL. 37.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Expenditure holders, of the County of Dorset, was presented to the of House, and read; Setting forth. That this Nation hath Pub)ic Monty' been engaged for several Years in a most expensive and unfortunate War; that many of our valuable Colonies, having actually declared themselves independent, have formed a strict Confederacy with France and Spain, the dangerous and inveterate Enemies of Great;

that the Consequence of those combined Misfortunes, hath been a large Addition to the National Debt, a heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of the Trade. Manufactures, and Land Rents of the Kingdom: Alarmed at the diminished Resources and growing Burthens of this Country, and convinced that rigid Frugality is now indispensably necessary in every Department of the State, your Petitioners observe, with Grief, that, notvvichftancling the calamitous and impoverished Condition of the Nation, much Public Money has been improvidently squandered, and that many Individuals enjoy finccure Places, efficient Places with exorbitant Emoluments, and Penfrons unmerited by Public Service, to a large and still increasing Amount:

Your Petitioners, conceiving that the true End of every legitimate Government, is not the Emolument of any Individual, but the Welfare of the Community; and lonffilerng that, by the Constitution of this Realm, the National Purse is entrusted, in a peculiar Manner, to the Cull oily of this honourable House, beg Leave further to represent, that, until effectual Measures be taken to redress the oppressive Grievances herein stated, the Grant of any additional Sum of Public Money, beyond the Produce of the present Taxes, will be injurious to the Rights and Property of the People, and derogatory

P from

6o<S

150 — 16Q Februarii. A, 1780.

from the Honour and Dignity of Parliament: Your Petitioners, therefore, appealing to the Justice of this honourable House, do most earnestly request, That effectual Measures may be taken, by this House, to enquire into and correct the gross Abuses in the Expenditure of Public Money, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments, to refeind and abolish all sinecure Places and unmerited Pensions, and to appropriate the Produce to the Necdfities of the State, in such Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall seem meet.

Expenditure A Petition of the Nobility, Gentlemen, Clergy, pnbi °M Freeholders, and others, of the County of Berks, was lc on*y alii) presented to the House, and read; Settipg forth. That this Nation hath been engaged for several Years in a mol): expensive and unfortunate War; that many of our Valuable Colonies, having actually declared themselves independent, have formed a strict Confederacy with France and Spain, the dangerous and inveterate Enemies of Great; that the Consequence of those combined Misfortunes, hath been a large Addition to t)ic National Debt, a heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of the Trade, Manufactures, and Land Rents of the Kingdom: Alarmed at the di-niinished ‘Resourcesand growing Burthens of this, Country, and convinced that rigid Frugality is now indif-penfably necessary in every Department of the State, your Petitioners observe, with Grief, that, notwithstand,-ing the calamitous and impoverished Condition of the Nation^ mucfr public Money has been improvidcntly squandered, and that many Individuals enjoy sinecure Places, efficient Places with exorbitant Emoluments, and Pensions unmerited by Public Service, to a large and frill increasing Amount, whence tire Crown Las acquired a great and unconstitutional Influence; which, if not checked, may soon prove fatal to the Liberties of this Country: Ypur Petitioners, conceiving tjiat the true End of every legitimate Government, is not the Emolument of any Individual, but the Welfare of the Community; and consider? ing that, by the Constitution of this Realm, the National Purle is entrusted in a peculiar Manner to the Custody of this honourable House, beg Leave further to R-present, that, until effectual Measures be taken to redress the oppressive Grievances herein Rated, the Grant of any additional Sum of Public Money, beyond the Produce of the present Taxes, will be injurious to the Rights and Property of the People, and derogatory from the Honour and Dignity of Parliament: Your Petitioners, therefore, appealing to the Justice of this honourable House, do most earnestly request, That before’ any new Burthens are laid upon this Country, effectual Measures may be taken by this House, to enquire into and correct the gross Abuses in the Expenditure of Public Money, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments, to refeind and ab ildh all sinecure Places and unmerited Pensions, and to appropriate the Produce to the Necessities of the State, in such Manner as to the Wilciom of Parliament ILall f'ecm meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Acro'int; Notice being taken. That the Account of the Offices atK^ Employments in the Office of Ordnance; and also, ‘L ' the Account of the Number and Names of the Officers under the Board of Ordnance; which were presented to the House upon the First Day of this Instant,

arc not prepared according to tire Order of the I louse;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Accounts, in order to the presenting proper Accounts in Head thereof.

Onwoton The Count'd and Agents before mentioned, being Election, again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said St led Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the Countcl in his Presence, together with a new Lift of

19

the Names of the Thirteen Members, then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift, the Names of Abel Moyfeyand George Dempjler Esquires, being added,

the same was called over, and is as follows:

Benjamin Keene, Esquire, Sir,

Baronet, Edward Pkelips, Esquire, Thomas Jobes, Senior, Esquire, Philip Rajhleigh, Esquire, John Baring, Esquire,

Francis Amejley, Esquire, the honourable George Vena-

bles Vernon, Charles Brett, Esquire, Colone Filmtr Hollywood, Esquire, George Forjler

Esquire, Richard Benyon, Esquire, Abel Moyfey, Esquire, George Dempster, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Scled Committee for trying thp Merits of the said Petition of/?«-bat Shafto, Esquire; and also the Petition of Bat-

ten, IVUliant Kervill, John Woodlands, and William How,

now taken into, Consideration, were sworn by the Clc^k. at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides were directed to, withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Selcdt Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Resolved, That an. humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Place? for Life or Lives, whether held by Patent or otherwise, 1 pec living the Dates of such Patents, or other Inllruinents by which such Placesare held, the Names of the P.ersons who hold the fame, and the Salaries and Fees belonging thereto.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s mo, ft honourable Privy Council.

iria

ti.

Ms.

Account of

Places,

:hI'

59

v A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Accouw posed, That an humble Address be presented to His of Majesty, That He wiii be-graciously pleased to give Di- tntom‘ regions, that there be laid before this House, an Account, of a! i subsisting Pensions granted by the Crown, during Pleasure, or otherwise; specifying the Amount of such Pensions reflectively, and the Times when, and the Persons to whom, such Pensions were granted;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16° die Februarii; Anno 20® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

D ESOL VED, That this House will, at the Riling Adjournm* of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, Committm, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to Ovito whom the Bill for the better Protection of Ovfter Llh.rc, Fisheries, within that. Part of Great Britain called England, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once

read

1

20 Geo. III. 16° FebrU '

read throughout; and theni a Second Time, One by One i and, upon the Question lcveraily put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Krmingharo, Sir Thomas Skipwithpresented to the House, accord--jjV ing to Order, a Bill to continue, enlarge, and render more effectual, the Term and Powers in Three fever.il Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warming!on, and from Birmingham, through Stratford , upon Avon, to Ed?chill, in the County of Warwick, io

1 so fur as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham,

through Warwick, to aforesaid; and lo on

to the utmost Limits of the said County on Edgchiil aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tittup’, Inn A Petition of several Gentlemen, Ftceholders, and Dudbr'd °-hers, redding near, or frequently travelling from, Ro*<L Frogmar/k, in the Parish of to

in the Parish of Rodboron in the County of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for making and maintaining a Road from Tiltup's Inn, in the Parish of to join the Turnpike Road leading from Circncesler to ! at or near Dttdbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough; and from the Bridge at Naif worth, in the Parish of to the Turnpike Road upon kin;

and from the said Bridge, by Hawcombe and Mill Hill, up The Well Hill, to the said last mentioned Turn-r: pike Road, all in the county of ; and alleging,

that the Petitioners understand the Track applied for in the said Bill, to lead from Frogmarsh to Rookfnicore aforesaid, is intended to be confined to go through Woodchester Street, which Road mud always be narrow and incommodious, and attended with disagreeable Hills; and that it would be of gieat public Convenience, to have a plain Road, leading nearly in a direct Line from a House near F Mill Pond to Rookftnoore, through St. Cloo's Grounds, by a Piuce called Little Britain, also included in the Regulations of the said Bill: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it Hull 1 appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. St. John, Sir William Re.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Clumber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

IW A Peti rion of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, living near, or frequently travelling from,

Dudbrulge, to the Top of Froccjicv Hi//, and fr-:n by TJiC Spoilt^ to the Turnpike Road near the Bear ///;, in the Parish of Rodborough, in the County of Gloucester

-o was presented to the House, and read x Taking Notice

of the Bill mentioned in the preceding Petition, and setting forth, That it would be of: great public Con-r* venience to have the Road leading from Diidbridge,

through the Buckho/t Wood, to the picfent Turnpike Road near the 'lop of Froccfler /////, and also the Road from Nur/Jgate cn Scfly, by a Place called I'hc Spout, to the present Turnpike Road near the Bear Lin, in the Parish of Rodborough, included in the Regulations of the said Bill, the same being much out of Repair, and not capable of being fufnciently amended by the ! ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That

Voi.,37-

Provision may be tirade for such Purpose in the said depending Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, and

Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker, .

The Lords hive agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A<ffc ^j^'* for enlarging the Term and P >wers granted by Two \yot)Urtl Acts, made in the First and Sixteenth Years of the R<wlj. Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual amending the Highway between Hockliffeand Woburn, in the County of Bedford; and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks-, without any Amendment: And also,.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sontag’* naturalizing John Salomon BalthafarSontag; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MelTcngers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Montague (from Account! the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London) at- from U'e tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prdented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of . London, on the Jth July 1779: And all'o,

An Account of Money received and paid for building and completing Blackfriars Bridge, from the 28th Day of September 1778, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September l-j-jg, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid for rebuilding the Gaol of Nezvgate, from the 28th Day of September 1778, exclusive, to the 28th Day of 1779, inciufive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid for embanking Part of the North Side of the River Thames, from the 28th September 1778, exclusive, to the 28th September 1770, inclusive: And also;

An Account of Muncy received and paid for improving the Navigation of the River Thames, within certain Limits, from the 29th Day of 1778,

exclusive, to the 29th Day of September 1779, inclusive:

And also,

An Account of Money received and paid for paving,

&c. the City of London, and Liberties thereof, from the 28th Day of September 1778, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1 779, inclusive. /

And then he withdrew. /

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table to be perused by Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Seffiori.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Marlny Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time. Fore*i.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

P\efjived. That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Manning last Session of Parliament, iotituled, " An Act for the the

" Encouragement

Mariners

and

Seamen*

Chawton

Pond,

&c.

Roads.

AnU'tt to Address for Account.

Sunning

Road.

Account of

Pensions.

608 1-6® — ii0

" Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy " and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, and for making further Provisions for those Purposes: And that Mr. and Mr. Stephens do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels: And that Mr. Buller and Mr. Stephens do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the lleign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Roads from Pond, in the

" Parish of Chazvton, in the County of Southampton, " through RumfdeanBottom, West me on, Warnford, Exton,

" Bishop's Waltham, and over Sherrill Heath, and

" through Wickham and Fareham, to the Town of " port; and from Exton aforesaid, through Drcxford, to " the East End of Sherrill Heath, in the said County;" and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport, in the County of Southampton, through Fareham and Wickham, to the Town of IValtham,

and front Wickham aforesaid, through Droxford, Ex ton, Warttford, West mean, and Rumfdean Bottom, to

ton Pond, in the Parish of Chazvton, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Minchin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been prdented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, for repairing and Widening the Road from a Place called TJie Ola Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknozol, and Sunning Hill to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Eg ham, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; an.l that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofn-d.

The Order of the Day being read, ibr resuming the adjourned Debate, upon the Motion made Yefteidav, Teat an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all lubdlting Penftons granted by the Crown during Piea-lure, or otherwise; lpccifying the Amount of such Pcn-

Februarii. A. 1780.

Hons respectively, and the Times when, and the Persons to whom, such Penftons were granted;

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable Members of the House of Commons to be eligible to serve in Parliament for any other County, City, Borough, Town, or Place, be read a Second Time upon Morning

next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Scvennight, the Twenty-fourth Day of this Instant February,

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill to allow the Trade between Ireland and the British Colonies and Plantations in and

The West Indies, and the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, to be carried on in like Manner as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Settlements, and desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships thereto.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Ho,use, to consider further of the Supply granted to llis Majesty.

Resolved, That this House wiH, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce,21° die;

Anno 200 Georgii IlItU Regis, 17S0.

Prayers.

MI?. Brett, from the Se!e<ft Committee, who were appointed to try and determine tee Morns of the Petition of Robert Shaft0, Esquire, and ailo the Petition ot John Batten, William KervilL, John Woodlands % and William hlozv, complaining of an undue Election and Return tfor the Borough of Doventon, in the County of Wilts, informed the House, That the iaid Select Committee have determined,

That the Honourable Bartholomew Bouverie, the Sitting Member, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dewnlcn, in the County of Wilts:

And alii), That the said Committee have determined, That Robert Sha/io, Esquiro, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burge Is to le.ve in this present Parliament for the fliid Borough of Downton:

And also, That the said Ganumice have determined, 'That the said Robert Shaflo, Inquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Burough of Dvwnton.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this Hoyle.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House immediately, wiih the laffc Return for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, and* amend the fame, by riding out the Name of the Honourable

Members eligible 10 lerve for any other Place.

Votrs at County Election*.

Trade of Ireland.

Supply.

Ways and Mean*.

Devi nron Election.

zo Geo. III. 21° Fe 09

nourable Bartholomew Band inserting the Name

ot Robert Shafto, El'quire, inllead thereof.

Anti the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, at tending according to Order, amended the said Return accordingly.

Fiflfton Mr. Penruddockpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of the First and Second Years of His pre-Icnt Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Kuoy/e, and from IVi!'ton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Hcytejbury; and also the Road hom the Turnpike Road at the Top of Redhone Hill, in the Purifn of Urflfont, to the Mile Stone at the Western End of Fisherton Street, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cli>rlum A Bili for dividing and allotting the Open Common

Induiure. p;c|tis. Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Charlton, in the County of was read a Second Time. Refo/vcd, That the Dill be committed to Mr.

ruddock, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

KflCo An ingrossed Bill fur continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies " Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon " every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, which " shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or " fold, within the Town of in the Shire of Rox-

" burgh, for finishing a Bridge cross the River Ticeed,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or " One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots " Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, which shall be brewed " for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the " Town of Ke/jo, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a Bridge cross the River Tweed, and for other " Purposes therein mentioned."

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Elliot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desirc their Concurrence.

St.vcley Lord George Cavendijhreported from the Committee,

Wioture. to wpom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Staveley, in the County of Derby, was committed; That tire Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of Hpril 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee } and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the 1 Ionic.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for the Second Macclesfield District of Roads comprized in Two Acts, passed in the Roa ’ Filth and Thirteenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from under

Lyme to Ha fop, and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road, near Buxton, and other Reads in the said Acts, or one of them, mentioned; and also of several of the Persons possessed of Securities for Money lent on the Credit of the said District, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented from foineof the Trustees for, and Creditors under, an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from The Cross at Broken Cross, in Macclesfi, in the County of Che/ler, through Macclesfield Fto the Turnpike Road at the South End of the Township of Buxton, in the County of Derby, for Power to make and keep in Repair a Road branching from the said Macclesfield and Buxton Turnpike Road, at or near the House of Edioard Bay ley, to the Coal Pits at Thatch Marsh and and from thence to rejoin the Macclesfield Road at Thatch Marsh aforesaid; and also another Branch from the said Macclesfield Turnpike Road, near The Gofiing Bar, to The Lime Kilns at The Grin; and representing to the House, that the said Branches will materially interfere with the Petitioners’ Trust, as they will be a Means of lessening the Tolls upon the Roads under their Care, and thereby prevent their keeping them in tolerable Repair, to the great Prejudice of the Public; and the same will of Course lessen the Securities of Persons who have advanced Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, and intimidate others from lending Money upon the Faith of Acts of Parliament ddigned for public Benefit:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against passing any Act for making and repairing the said Branches of Road, and have such other Relief as to the House shall appear necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for rc->

" pairing and widening the Road from The Cross, at " Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester,

" through Macclesfield Forest, to the present Turnpike " Road at the South End of the Township of,

" in the County of Derby; " and for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, a Road branching from the said Turnpike Road at or near the House of Edward Bay ley, to the Coal Pits at Thatch Marsh and Goit, and from thence to rejoin the said Turnpike Road at Thatch Marsh aforesaid; and from the said Turnpike Road near The Gofiing Bar, to The Lime Kilns at The Grin, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition. _

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Swinford Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Inclosure. and other Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Swinford, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hunger-ford, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- South Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Kilwonh ingrossed. Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish lnc osure'

Vol. 37. , 7Q of

6 io 41 Februarii. 1780.

of South Kilworth, in the County of Leicester, was read & Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -gerford, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Trent Bridge Mr. Robert Smith presented to the House, according

Road’ to Order, a Bill for repealing’!'wo Acts, made in the Eleventh and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the ’Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of

tingham, through Coflock, otherwise Cortlingstock , to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester; and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tetbury Sir William Codrington presented to the House, ac-»>;d cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and

Road° Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads from Tetbury, and other Places, in the County of Gloucester, so far as the same relates to the Road from Tetbury to the Gates on the West of SimomTs Hall Down, and from the House at the Top of Frocester Hill, where the Turnpike Gate lately stood, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester, towards Bath, and from the Field called Bowldozvn Sleight, to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horsley to near Tittup's Inn-, and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the said Turnpike Road near Howell's Down, across Owlpen Down, to a Lane leading to Lampern Hill, and from another Part of the said Turnpike Road, near the latter Wood Turnpike, across Owlpen Down aforesaid, all in the said County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Thornton Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, Carrs, and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Manor of Thornton, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tfiorn- Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for executing an Act of ' Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act for amending the Road from Sacred Gate,

" in the Parish of Thorn-gto Pattrington Creek " or Haven, and from The Guide Post in IVintstead to " Frodingltam Gate, in or near Widow s Farm, in

‘‘ the County of York, and for fcowering and cleansing the said Creek or Haven ;" was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Ivefon being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded to execute the Act, in amending the Road and fcowering the Haven; and that for that Purpose they have been obliged to borrow the Sum of f.a,600, which still remains a Debt — That some Amendments arc nectfiary to be made to the said Act;

and that, unless the Term, which is near expiring, is continued, and the Powers of the said Act enlarged, the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the Roads or Haven properly repaired or clean fed.

Ordered, That Jtaave be given to bring in a Bill 10 enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the Road from Sacred " Gate, in the Parish of Thorn-gum bald, to Pattrington

" Creek or Haven, and from T,he Guide Post in tttnestead to Frodingltam Gate, in or near W idow " ton’s Farm, in the County of York, and for fcowering " and cleansing the said Creek or Haven And that

Mr. Lascelles and Mr. Daniel Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-fe-cond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Wetherby to Graffmgton, in the County of York, was prelenled to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that the Trustees for an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York, to the Town of Patch Bridge, in the said County, are applying to Parliament for an Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of their said Act; and that the Petitioners have seen some of the proposed Amendments, which they apprehend will very materially affect the Roads under their Care; and therefore they submit, that they ought to have such Alterations made in the Powers of their Acts, as may prevent such Amendments operating to the Prejudice of their Road, or to the Persons who may have lent Money on the Credit of the Tolls: And therefore praying, That the necessary Provisions may be included in the Act now applied for, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lascelles, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Shafto have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, oil Account of the Indifpofi-tion of his Lady.

Ordered, That Major Egerton have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Sir William Codrington reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, residing near, or frequently travelling from, Frogmarsh, in the Parish of Woodchester, to Rookfmoore, in the Parish of Rin the County of Gloucester; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, living near, or frequently travelling from, Dudbridge to the Top of Hill, and from Se/fly, by Th Spout, to the Turnpike Road near the Bear Inn, in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the lame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. William IVitkins being examined, feid. That ic

would

Ripon,

Arc.

Road*

Leave of Abfeucr*

Ditto.

Tiltup’s Inn to

Dudbridge Road.

20 Geo. III. 21 Febrtiarii. 611

would be of public Convenience to have a good Road made from a House near Frormar/h Pend, in the

Parish of Woodckefcr, through Saint Clod’s Grounds, and by a Place called Lillie Britain, to in the

Parish of Rodborough, and also from Dudbridge, through Buck holt Wood, to the Turnpike Road near the lop of Frocester Hill, and from on by a Place

called The Spout, to the Turnpike Road near the Inn, in the said Parish of Rodborough.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Road from Tittup's Inn, in the Parish of to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to J at or near Du abridge, in the Parish and from the Bridge at Nailsworth, in the Parish of A veiling,

| to the Turnpike Road upon Minchinhampton Common;

' and from the said Bri lg:, by Hawcombe and Iron

| Hi!!,up The Weil Hill, to the said last mentioned Turn-j pike Road, all in the County of Gloucester; is commii-

j ted; That they have Power to make Provision in the

laid Bill, for miking and amending a Road from a House near Frogmmjh Mill Pond, in the Parish of Woodchester, through Saint Clods Ground, and by a Place called Little Britain, to in the Parish of

Jiodborough, and from D through Buck holt Wood,

to the Turnpike Road near the Top of Frocester Hill, and from Nurlfgate on , by a Place called The Spout, to the Turnpike Road near the Bear in the said Parish of Rodboroug /;.

Warwick, Sir Thomas Skipwithreported from the Committee, Roads. w^lom l^e Bill for n,ore effectually repairing the Roads from Want'irkto Paddle Brook, and from Long-bridge to Stratford upon in the Counties of War-

wick and Worcester, was committed j That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Ckrk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Birmingham, A Bill to continue, enlarge, and render more effec-

*c- tual, the Term and Powers in Three several Acts,

0 s‘ made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George , the Firil, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years

I of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads

from Birmingham, through to

I and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to

J Edgekill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same; relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Warwick,

to Warmington aforesaid, and so on to the utmost Limits of the said County on Edgekill aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Skipzvith, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Encouragement Mr. Buller presented to the House, according to Or-

° e*al< der, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy," and for making further Prcrvilions for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Marineri Mr. Buller presented to the House, according to Or-I ^cr’ a for the better Supply of Mariners and Sea-

Vol. 37.

men to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels: And the same was received; and read the Firrt Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Owners of Ships belonging to, and E:ico.in<en-r. trading from, the Port o if under and, in the Corny cl Durham', was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act passed the last Seffons for the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy, all Yreffels fc-captured from the Enemy are directed to be pub into the Court of Admiralty, to get the Salvage settled, the Charges attending which, in Vessels of frrlall Value, amount to double the Salvage paid the Re-captors, to the great Lois of the Petitioners, when their Vessels happen such Misfortune, they having f of that Charge to pay, besides being long kept out of their Property; and the Re-captors have the other f Share to pay out of their Salvage, and answering no beneficial Purpose to any but the Members and Officers of the Court of Admiralty; and repre-fenting to the House, that, unless an Alteration is made in the said Law, to enable the Captains or Owners of Ships retaken, to settle and adjust the Salvage of such Vessels so retaken, with the Captain or Agent of His Majesty’s Ships or Privateers which retook the lame, they will at all Times find it for their Benefit and Interest to ranlom their Vessels when taken by the Enemy, as thereby they will come into immediate Possession of their Ship and Crew, than ri/k the Chance of their Ship being re-taken, was a Ship of War in Sight, when they are subject to pay such Charges over and above the Salvage duel on Re-capture, and are kept out of their Property until Adjudication in the Court of Admiralty; and if Relief be not given to the Petitioners, the Enemy will, from Ransoms of their Ships, receive large Sums of Money, Part of which otherwise would come to the Officers and Crews of Ships which might have retaken them, had they not been ransomed; and, to shew the great Hardship the Petitioners labour under from the said Law, they pray Reference to the Colls attending the Adjudication in the Court of Admiralty on the Re-capture of such of their Vessels as have been retaken; and that the House will, upon considering the lame, give such Relief to the Petitioners, by exempting Colliers and Coasting Vessels from that Law, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and " effectual Manning His Majesty’s Nav)'," and for making further Provisions for those Purposes, be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr.

Hen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bourne’s to enable, Richard Bourne, Esquire, his First and other Name. Sons, and their Issue Male, and his and their respective Children, to assume and use the Name, and bear the Arms of Charlett, pursuant to the Will of Arthur Charlett, Esquire, deceased; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act nanWy

for enlarging the Tern} and Powers of an Act, made to '

in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act to widen and repair '

" the Road from The Guide Po(l, near the End of " Drayton Lane, near Banbury, in the County of " ford, to the House called The Sun Rising, at the " Top of Edge Hill>in the County of ," with-

out any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An

612 ai° Februarii. 1780.

Scntag'a An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ^at‘ for naturalizing John Salomon Balthafar was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Comte, Mr. Elives, Sic.:And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Salperton a Bill for dividing, allotting, and exchanging the

n oture. j^ands in the Common Fields and Common Pastures, and other Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Salperton, in the County of , was read a Se-

cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ter, Mr. Popham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mary-ie-i>one a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Clime . Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an " Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s " Reign, intituled, An Act for building a new Parish Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a

Chapel, for making a Cosmetary or Church Yard, " and for building an House for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the " County of Middlesex," as impowers the Vestrymen of the said Parish to build a Church upon a certain Parcel of Ground in the said Parish, belonging to Henry William Portman, Esquire, heretofore Parcel of a certain Close called The Fifteen , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ham, Mr. Pownall, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cazenore’s A Bill for naturalizing Charles Henry Cazenove and Nar. David Duval, was read a Second Time.

Resolved That the Bill be committed to Mr. ham, Mr. Pownall, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tiffield Mr. Darker presented to the House, according to inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Tiffield, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

imprifnnmem A Petition of the principal Merchants and Tradesmen

of Debtors. tj,c £jty an(j Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants and Tradesmen of the said City and Liberty: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the principal Merchants and Tradesmen of the Borough of Southwark, and County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants and Tradesmen of the said Borough and County: And also,

Ditto. A Petition of the principal Merchants and Tradesmen of the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants and Tradesmen of the said County;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Y'ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; intituled, "An Act for Relief of Debtors, " with respect to the Imprisonment of their " Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall " continue in Execution in Prison beyond a

" certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding " what are mentioned in the Act, to make " Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their " Estates for their Creditors Benefit j" and representing to the House, that the Objects of the said Bill, as well as the Provisions thereof, appear to the Petitioners to be of moil dangerous and destructive Tendency, not only to the Interests of the Petitioners and other Indi* viduals, but also most highly prejudicial to the Public Credit in general, if the same should be carried into a Law: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, Citizens, and Inhabitants, of the City of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read j likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and alleging. That it is proposed by the said Bill to discharge out of Prison, Persons arrested for Debts under a certain Sum, upon filing Common Bail; and the whole Tenor of the said Bill appears to the Petitioners, to open a Door for crafty and designing Men to draw in and defraud the Unwary and fair Trader j and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it would afford an Opportunity to bad Men very frequently to avoid the Payment of their jull Debts, even when they were able to pay the same, would be injurious to the fair Trader, and destructive to Public Credit: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law'.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and such of the Petitioners as desire to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, are to be then heard, by themselves or Coun-fel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight, at Twelve of the Clock.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Expenditure Common Council, of the City of Gloucester, in Com- of mon Council assembled, was presented 10 the House, u 1C M<mtT and read; Setting forth. That this Nation hath been engaged for several Years in a most expensive and unfortunate Contest with many of her Colonies; and that France and Spain, the dangerous and inveterate Enemies of Great Britain, have taken Advantage of these Circumstances, and proceeded to unjust and unprovoked Hostilities; that the Consequences of these combined Misfortunes, have been a large Addition to the National Debt, a heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of the Trade, Manufactures, and Land Rents of the Kingdom: Alarmed at the diminished Resources and growing Burthens of this Country, and convinced that rigid Frugality is now indispensably necessary in every Department of the State, your Petitioners observe, with Grief, that, not with (landing the Calamities and impoverished Condition of the Nation, much Public Money has been improvidently squandered, and that many Individuals enjoy sinecure Places, efficient Places with exorbitant Emoluments, and Pensions unmerited by Public Service, to a large and Hill increasing Amount, whence the Crown has acquired a great and unconstitutional Influence, which, if not checked, may soon prove fatal to the Liberties of this Country: Your Petitioners, conceiving that the true End of every legi timate Government is not the Emolument of Individuals, but the Welfare of the Community, and considering that, by the Constitution of his Realm, the National Purie is entrusted in a peculiar Manner to the custody of this honourable House, beg Leave further to represent, that, until effectual Measures be taken to red rest

the

Expemlituie

of

sPub!i« Moucy.

8 wiling

RmL

Manning the Navy.

20 Geo. III. o, t* Febrmrll 6,15

the oppressive Grievances herein dated > the Grant of any additional Sum of Public Money beyond the Produce of the present Taxes, will be injurious to the Rights and Property of the People, and derogatory from the Honour and Dignity of Parliament: Your Petitioners, therefore, appealing to the Justice of this honourable House, do most earnestly request, That, before any new-Burthens are laid upon this Country, such Measures may be taken by this House, as will tend effectually to enquire into and correct the gross Abuses in the Expenditure of Public Money, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments, to refeind and abolish all sinecure Places and unmerited Pensions, and to appropriate the Produce to the Necessities of the State, in such Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Electors of the Borough of Reading was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That your Petitioners, considering the vast Sums of Money that have beea expended in the present raoft unfortunate War, sensibly affected themselves by the heavy Taxes already laid upon the Subjects of this Kingdom, and alarmed at the Idea that others may be shortly imposed, humbly request your honound>ie House, to turn their most serious Attention to the di-tninished Resources and growing Burthens of this Country; your Petitioners conceive, that, in this Time of general Diflrels, it will be necessary to alleviate the Public Burthen, by abolishing sinecure and useless Places, curtailing the exorbitant Salaries and Perquisites annexed to others, and resuming many unmerited Pensions, the Disposal of which not only oocafions a great Waite of Public Treafute, but gives an unconstitutional Power to the Mi aiders of the Crown, sub-, verts the Independence of Parliament, and operates with an undue Influence on, all that is dear, to our Country; your Petitioners humbly conceive, that the Interposition of your honourable House in these Points, and its diligent Attention to a just and (economical Expenditure of the Public Revenue by Persons entrusted with it, may be productive of great National Good, and enable this Country, by properly directing and combining its Relburces, to prevail over its most powerful Enemies. They therefore presume thus to add refs their Petition to your honourable House, alluring them that it does not in any wise originate from a Spirit of Party, but is dictated by the cleared Conviction, that the present Situation of Affairs requires the Attention of every Man, and his honed and (peedy Exertion of all possible Means to promote and defend the Public Weal.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, paised in the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called The Old Gallows, in the Parish of

in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the

?arish of Eg ham, in the County of Surrey, was read the bird Time.

Reftlved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called The Old Gallows, in the Parish Sunning, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl, and Sunning Hill, to Water, in the

Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr, Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BUI for preventing Desertion, and for the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy: And thar the Lord Mulgrax’e, Captain Walsingham, Sir Chatles Vox. 37.

bury, and Captain. Keith Stuart, do prepare and bring

in, the lame.( ’

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account; Account of the several Species of Corn or Grain which have been warehoused. since the lad Returns speeifying rain* the Ports, Times, and Quantities of each Species so warehoused, as also the P01 ;s, Times, and Quantities of each Species taken out of such Warehouses, and whether taken out for the H>me Market or for Exportation, and to what Parts exported.

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom Tiltup's Inn the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put to in Execution an Act, paised in the Eighteenth Year Dudbridge of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and °* „ widening the Road from the City of to the , -

Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester, and <if the several Creditors who have advanced Money upon the Tolls granted by the said Act, and former Acts therein-mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitionj and bad directed him w report the fame,.as it appeared tp,

them, to the House 1 and he read the Report in his Placej and aftetwards delivered it in at the Clerk*s 1

Table: Where the same was read j and is as folio wet h} viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Jehn Wilkins JefJon informed yotir Committee, That the Tolls now taken are not so high as those which were taken on the said Road before the passing of the faict Act.

Then a Bill depending in the House, for making anti maintaining a Road from Tittups In, in the Parish of Rorfely, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Ciren*

cejtcr to Dudbridge, at or near Dudbridge, in the Parish of RodboreUgk; and from the Bridge at , in

the Parish 0? Avmng, to the Turnpike Road upon Min-

ciinhamptou Common-, and from the said Bridge, by ttw-combe and Iron Still-Hill, up The Well Hill, to the said last mentioned Turnpike Road, all in the County of 3

Gloucester, was, ip Part, read to your Committee;

And,

Mr. JepJon being further examined, said. That feve-fal considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Road from Gloucester to Stroud: And that he apprehends, that in calc the lad Bill now depending should be passed into a Law, many Persons travelling from Gloucester to Bath will avoid the Road through Stroud, and of course the Money taken on that Road will be (b lessened, as materially to affect the Securities of the Mortgagees, and will be insufficient for keeping the Road in Repair} and that the best Means of preventing those Inconveniences, will be to make Provision in the said Bill, for allowing the Trustees to the said Gloucester and Stroud Road to in* creale and advance their Tolls from Time to Time, as they shall adjudge necessary, not exceeding One Third more than the original Tolls granted by the said Acts.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Road from Tiltup's Inn, in the Parish of Hotjley, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencefiet to Dudbridge, at or near Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rod-

borough-, and from the Bridge at in the

Parish of Avening, to the Turnpike Road upon Min-chinhampton Common’, and from the said Bridge, by Hawcombt and Iron Mill Hill, up %he Well Hill, to the said last-meqtioned Turnpike Road, all in the County of Gloucester, is committed} That they hare Power to make Provision in the said Bill,' to authorize the Trustees for an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Ghtutfler tq the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester, tq advance their

7R Toll*

614

2i* Febru.

1780.

EstimUe;

K*vy Debt.

Ditto.

Account N*»y, ice. Bills.

TUlls from Time to Time, not exceeding One Third more than their present Tolls, in order to compensate for the Loss that will be sustained by some of the Provisions of the said Bill.

1

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on‘the 3 1 ft Day of December 1779.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing how the Increase of the Debt of the Navy, between the 31st of December 1778 and the 31st of December 1779, fyis arisen; distinguishing the several Heads of Expcrtce.

Ordered, That' there be laid before tins House, an Account of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills,-which were made out ori or before the 3 ft of January 1780, and which yet remain unpaid; distinguishing the Sums made out in each Month.

" the South West. End of Netherlndge, in the County " of Westmoreland, by Sizergkfell-fid*, to Bridge,

and from thence, through the Town of Milt hr of, to n Dixes, and from the Town of Milthrop aforesaid, to " Hangbridgi, and from thence to join the Heron Syke

" Turnpike Road at The Guide near " Hall', in the County aforesaid And that Sir James Lowther, Sir Michael Le Fleming, and Mr. Lowtlier, do prepare, and bring in, the fameJ

Prot-ft

from

a»ra:<t't a

iv:-

R‘

Ex^pJiiarc of

Account; Charges on the Surpluses, Icc.

Account; Public Debt.

Account; Services not provided for.

NrtherbHdjt

&c.

Roads*

Ordered, That there be laid before this, House, an Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the! SiirpJufles, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund, commonly called Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th Day of January 1780. ..

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, (landing, out on the 5th Day, of January 1780, with the Annual Interest, of other Charges, payable for the fame.

Ordered, That there be forthwith laid before this House, an; Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, between the 31st Day of January 1779 and the ill Day of February 1780.

' Sir James Lowther reported form the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trudies appointed rn and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for rcpairing, amending, and widening the Roads from " the South West End of in the County

*c of Westmoreland, by Sizerghfell-side, to Levens,

‘and from thence, through the Town of Milthrop, to

A Paper, addressed to the honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, and signed by Six of the Twenty-four Common Council of the Town of Nottingham, summoned to a Common Hall (and purporting to be a l*roteft against the Proceedings of the said Hall, as far as they relate to a Petition to the honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Par- iw* liament assembled) but not concluding with any Prayer, being oifered to be presented to thd House j

The ?House was moved. That the Petition of tic Mayor and Burgesses of the Town and County of 1 he Town of Nottingham, in Common Council ailenibltd, Which was presented to "the House upon the 8th Day of this Instant February, and then ordered to lie upon, the Table, might be again read. "

‘ And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Orders of the Day be now read.

And the Order of the Day being rend, for reluming the adjourned Debate upon the Motion made upon Tuesday last, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased.to give Directions that there be laid before litis House, in Account of all' subsisting Pensions granted by the Crown during Pleasur*, or otherwise; specifying (lie Amount( of such Pensions respectively, and the Times when, and the Persons to whom, such Pensions were granted;

The* House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

And several Amendments vyere proposed to be made’' to the said Question, by inferring, ‘ after the Word " otherwise," the Words " 'and payable at the ££x- chequerand by adding at the End of the Qiief-lion, the Words " as also the Annual Amount of the " Pensions paid by the Paymaster of the Pensions,

" from the 5th January 1770, inclusive, to the 5th " January last; distinguishing each Year."

And the Question being proposed, That the Words " and payable at the Exchequer," be inserted after the Word otherwise j"

The House was moved, That the Entries in the

Account of PcUuOtf.

Dines, and from the Town of Milthrop aforesaid, toT , „ - - . _ f

" Hmrbriigt, and from thence to join the Urn, S,h Journal of the f. J1* Stb and !7,b.Dy* «f

< Totnpike Road at Tit Guidt f>V near Cl.mlL, {TV 7'°' of ,he Addr'fi Hm>,fc £ *f

Turnpike Road at The Guide near Clawthrop,

*' Ha/l, in the County aforesaid," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with 1 and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the ‘Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

- The Reverend John Wilson being examined, said. That the Trustees have borrowed the Sum of £. 1,520 upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the (kid Act, which Money has been duly applied in the Repair of the said Road; but the same cannot be kept in sufficient Repair, and the Money lb borrowed repaid, unless some additional Tolls be granted, and the Act further continued, and made more effl-ftual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlatging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " repairing, " amending, and widening the Roads from

Majesty, for an Account to be laid before the House, of all Pensions payable out of any Part of the Revenues, to whom paid, and when granted*; and also an Account of ail Warrants and Directions for any Pvn-fions; together with the Titles of the several Accounts whiclr were presented pursuant to the said Address, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of 10th and 18th Days of November 1707, of the Order of this House, for the Officers of the respective Offices whereout’ any Pensions during Pleasure are paid, to lay before the House, an Account of the said Pensions, and of the Names to whom the same are payable; together with the Titles of the Account and Lift which were presented in Obedience to the said Order, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 18th and 2ad Days of December 1703, of the Order of this House, for Mr. Lowndes to lay before the House, a List of all the Pensions paid by the Crown, together with the Lift that was presented in Obedience to the said Order, might be read. *

And

Marine Forces.

Trade of

Ireland; lx porting Com, &c.

20 Geo. III.

21 ° — 23®

6lS

And the same were read accordingly. That the Bill be committed to a Committee

The House was also moved. That the Entries in the , of the whole House. f

Journal of the House, of the 23d Day of May.1679, Resolved, That this House1 Will, Tomorrow Morn-of the Proceedings of the House in ‘ relation1 to the; ing, refoive Itself into a Committee of the whole House,’ Sums of Money paid by Sir Stephen Fox, might be read, upon the said Bill.

And the same were read accordingly.

And the Question being put. That the Words 'and " payable at the Exchequer,’* be inferred in the said Question after the Word " otherwise" j 1; ~s

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,|Mr*

Mr.

Tellers fur the Noes. 5 JJr- lhmm Tmn/hmi, ’(Mr. Byng:

Merrbett eligible to serve

186.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Wilkes have Leave to make a Motion. t'

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

The Order, made upon Wednesday last, for reading a Second Time this Day* the Bill to enable Members of the House of Commons to be eligible to serve in Par- for any other liament for any other County, City, Borough, Town, place* or Place, being read; 1

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. ' r'

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time' upon this Day Sevennightt j *

And then the House adjourned'till To-morrour

Morning, Ten of the Clock,

v.

Supply.

Wayi and Mean.

.omimttee*.

So it w'as resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " as " also the Annual Amount of the' Pensions paid by " the Paymaster of the Pensions, from the 5th January

" 1770, inclusive, to the 5th January last, distingufshing " each Year," be added at the End of the Question s It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question so amended being put j:

Resolved, That an humble Addrefi be presented tp-

His Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an *

Account of all subsisting Pensions granted by tfic Crown during Pleasure, or otherwise, and* payable, at the Exchequer; specifying the Amount of such V Pensions respectively, and the Times when, and the L Persons to whom, such Pensions were granted;

as also, the Annual Amount of the Pensions paid by tion, and for the better Payment of the -Army

the Paymaster of the Pensions, from the 5th January. and their Quarters, was read the Third Time.

1770, inclusive, to the 5th Januarylaft:; distinguishing Resolved, That the Bill do' pass: And that the Title each Year. be/ An Act for punishing Mutiny and Dafertion, and-'

Ordered, Thar the said Address be presented to His ’ for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His ‘ 3 Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council. 'to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' ' x. . 1: V.

The other Orders of the Day being read; An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Roads from to Raddle Brook and from Long-

Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the bridge to Stratford upon Avon, in the Counties of War-whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of wick and Worcester, vtas read the Third Time.

His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title’

be. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- from Warwick to and from Warwick to

ing next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole Stratford upon Avon, in the Counties of -Warwick and House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Worcester and for repealing the Laws now in Force re-

* ^Mercurii, 23* die Februarii;

*>* 1 - *

Anno 2c f Georgii III*1*' Regis* 1780.

PfAYXRS. '.

ingrossed Bill for punish’ing Mutiny and Defer-

Army;

Mutiny and

Driertkm.

Warwick,

&c.

Roads.

His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedttefday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for

raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave -to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the Housei J

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper have Leave *to make a Motion, it being half an Hour after One of the Clock on Tuesday Morning.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

A Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Henry the Seventh, or of any other Act* which prohibit the exporting, carrying, or conveying Coin out of this Realm into Ireland; and so much of certain Acts made in Great

lating to the said Roads.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons artd Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Stavely, in the County of Derby, was read the'Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Stavely, in the county of.

Ordered, That Lord George do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.:

An ingrossed Bill for the better Protection of Oyftor Fisheries within that Part of Great Britain called 'England, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Stavely

Inclosure,

Oyrter

Fifticri*,

Britain, which prohibit the Importation. of Foreign be, An Act for the better Protection of Oyster Fisheri*8.>

within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Therold reported from the Committee, to

Hops into Ireland, and which take off the Drawback

upon Hops exported from Great Britain to Ireland;

and to extend to His Majesty’s Subjects residing in Ireland, the Privilege of being admitted into the Turkey Company, and to enable them to import into, and export from Ireland, such Goods as may be imported into,’ whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an or exported from Great Britain, by the Merchants of Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of England trading to ‘the Levant Seas; was read a Second his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Time: " Act to continue, amend, and make effectual, an Act,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. " passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His pre-

Vol. 37. " fetn

Lmcoifr

Road*.

fOBtcfrtA

Park

Inclosure.

Thom Gumtatrf Ac«d.

Chappel Bar near Nottingham Road*

Pindern

Inck/ure.

616 a 30 Februarii. A. 1780,

" Cent Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of '* Roads from the North West Part of the County of the House of the 25th of April 17^4, relative to Bills of " Lincoln, through Nattlem Fields, Wragby Lane, and Inclosure, had been complied with; a.»d tha! the Gun-

Baumber Fields, to The Wolds, or North East Part of mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and " the said County; and also for repairing and widen- found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-t ing the Roads from The Well, in East Gate, in the cerned had given their Confeut to the Bill, to the Satis- City of Lincoln, and from the North West End of fastipe of the Committee (except the Owners of Land,

" Horneastle, and from The Guide Post at the Raft End who are rated to the Land Tax at £. 4. 5 id.

" of Haintrn, through Burkwith, to the Roads dinefted Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except

" to be repaired by the said Act," was committed; the Owners of Land, who are rated at £. 2. 1 $s. 8 per That the Committee had examined the Allegations of Annum, who declared themselves neuter; and also except the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the the Owner of Land, rated at 4*. and 6 per Annum, Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fovcral who could not be found; ami that the whole Land Tax Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him charged upon the said Lands, amounts to the Annual to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Sum of £ 74. ns.; and that no Person appeared be-Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the fore the Committee to oppose (he Bill) and that the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made (e-Amendments were Once read throughout i and then a vcral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed Second Time, Ofie by One; and, upon the Question him to report to the House; and he read the Report severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. in Ins Place and afterward' delivered the Bill, with the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Amendments, in at the Cie k’s Table: Where the ingrafted. Amendments where Once read throughout; and then a

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Ordered, That Mr. Charles MeWJh be added to the severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, tftdfcring Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in, a Bit), pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition §S the ingrafted.

Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough or

Towq of Pontefract, in the County of York, and of the Sir Cedi IV'ay reported from the Committee, to whom Lt^bw#

feveraf other Owners or Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, the Bill for dividing and inch ting certain Open Fields, lQciofun* and Tenements, in the Towns Pontefract and Tan- I*ands, and Ground-in tly.Parish of Leg burn, in the Coun-Jhetf, in the said County of York, whole Names are of Lincoln, was commuted; That the Committee had thereunto subscribed. examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

House, of the 25th of Aoril 1774, relative to Bills of Mr. Lascelles preferred to the House, according to Inclosuref had been complied with; and that the Corn-

Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His pro- found the same to be true; and that the Parties coo-

sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa»

Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorn Gum- tisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of One " bald, to Pattringtcm Creek or Haven, and from The Common Right House, One Toftstead, 33 Acres of * Guide Post in Winestead to Froiingham Gale, in or Old Jndofure, and 45 Acres of Open Field Land, who " near Widow Bronton's Farm, in the County of York, declared they would l ave nothing to do in the Bufi- and for fcowering and cleansing the said Creek Or nest; and also except the Owner of Two Common Haven And the same was received; and read the Right Houses, and Two Acres and an Half of Old In-First Time. closure, who could not be found; and that the Whole

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, of the Property interelLd in the Lands and Grounds

intended to be inc’ol'ed, consists of 41 Common Right Lord Georgs Cavendish reported from the Committee, Hopfes, Four Toftsteads, 1,069 Acres of Old Inclosure, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Power* of and 1,214 Acres of Open Land; and that no Person ap-an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign peared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and An Act fot; repairing and widening the Roads from made several Amendments thereunto; which they had " Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Not- directed him to report to the House; and he read the " tmghatn, to New haven, and from the Four Lane Ends Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

near Oakerthorpe, to Ashborm, and from The Cross With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

" Post on Wirk; worth Moor, to join the Road leading tha Amendments were Oqce read throughout; and then

from Chesterfuldto Chappel-en-le-Frith, at or near a Second Ticm, One by One; and, upon the Question

" Lxgssov, in tile County of Derby, and from Se/fton severally pw thereupon, One of them was difegreed to,

u to Anv.ejkyWbodhouse, in the County of Nottinghamand the rest were agreed to, by the House.

was committed; That the Committee had examined the _ That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; ingrafted, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

made several Amendments thereunto; which they had Mr. reported from the Committee, to Grata,

directed him to report to the House; and he read the whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers *

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, of lb much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, the Amendments were Once rend thoughour; and then intituled , * An Act for repairing and widening the a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question " Roads from Groat ham, in the County of Lincoln

fetirally put thereupon, were agreed to by the- House. " through Bottesford and , to Nottingham Trent

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be " Bridge, and from Chappel Bar near the West End of

ingrafted. " the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in

" the Town of Derby, and from The Guide P<ft io the Mr. Coke of Derby reported from the Committee, to " Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry," as relates to the whom the ttiit for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Road leading from Chappel Bar, near the West End of

Commons, Open Fields, and Common Pastures, in the the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in

Libiny of Finderu, in he Ladfh of Mickleover, and the Town of Derby, and from Guide P<ft in the County of Derby, was committed > That the Committee Parish of Lenton, to faooig Ferry \ was committed;

17 Tbst

20 Geo. III. 22° Februarii. 617

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had drected him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Goodrickereported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Hoad from H ether by to Grafthigton, in the County of York. was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and hr.d directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vi

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Ilarrifonbeing examined, said. That the Alterations and Amendments made in those Acts, by a Bill now depending, for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of the Act for repairing ti.e Road from Ripon to Patcley Bridge, will lessen the l olls very considerably on the said Wetherby and’ Road; for

which it is apprehended to be reasonable, some Recompence from the Trustees of the other Road should be made to the Wetherby Trust.

And being further examined, he said, That the Exemptions from the Payment of Toll allowed by the said Act of the Fourteenth of His present Majesty, to the Inhabitants of the Township of have, in many ln-

stances been abused, much to the Prejudice of the Road.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the High Road from the Borough of by Ingram

Bank, to the Town of Pateley Bridge, in the County of York-, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for releasing the Trustees for Tw'o Acts, pallid in the Thirty-second Y car of his late Majesty, and the Fourteenth of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Wether by to Grassington, in the County of York, from tiic Expence of repairing the Road between Pateley Bridge and the Junction of the Roads between Knarcjboroughand Ripon-, and also for repealing so much of the said Acts as restrains the taking more than One Toll on the same Day on the Hoad between -

rough and Pateley Bridge -, and also for authorizing the collecting of the like Tolls on the Road leading from Ripley to the Junction of the Knaresborough and Ripon Roads, in the Pateley Bridge Road, as are collected on the Road leading from Knaresborough to Pateley Bridge-, and also for limiting the Exemptions from Payment of Toll allowed to the Inhabitants of the Township of Brearton, by the said Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign.

Mr. Hippcf.ey Coxe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-sixth of his late Majesty and the Fifth of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town of S hep ton Main, in the County of Smerjet;

Vol. 37.

and for repairing the Roads from Steen Bow Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from to Piper's

Inn, and from Chilkivell to Glastonbury, and from Shepton Malet to a Place called The Poll, in the Turnpike Road leading from Bath to , in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Coke of Norfolk reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lands and Grounds called Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Breeks, Commons, and Wastes, within the Parish of Ueaeham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the BiH, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of One Common Righr House, and about 80 Acres of Land; and that the Whole of the Estates interested in the said Inclosure, consist of jt Common Right i looks, and 2,984 Acres of Land; or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made il-veral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofi’ed.

Mr. Coke of Norfolk reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lands and Grounds called W'hole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Shack Meadows, and also certain Commons, Severals, and Wastes, within the Pari (li of Tot/enhilI with West Briggs, in the County of

Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the (ante to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, btf ingrossed.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whorii the ingrossed Bill From the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Salomon Bnlthafar Sontag, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

7 H Ordered,

Heachatti

Inclosure;

Tottenhil!

with

Wtft Brisks Inclosure;

Son tag* Nab

618 23° Februarii. A* 1780.

Ordered, That Mr. Eliots do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

Mimfield Lord Edward Btntittck reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirry-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the High lload " leading from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of " Nottingham, through the Towns of Glapwell,

" Heath, and Normenton, and the Liberty of to

" the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House s and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rell were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Caxenove’s Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom *u the Bill for naturalizing Charles Henry Cazenove and David Duval, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee.had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Gray’* Inn Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend lb much of an urnP‘ e* ^ft, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading to High gate Gat and Hampstead, and for several other Purposes in the said first-mentioned Act contained, as gives Power to erect or remove Turnpikes or Toll Gates, so far as relates to erecting or continuing any Turnpike or Toll Gate in Gray's Inn , or between the said Lane and the new Road leading from Islington to Paddington, was committed, be received upon Friday Morning next.

Answer Mr. Comptroller of the Houshold reported to the *° House, That their Address of Monday last (that His f07 Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directictns, Account.

that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the Merchants and others interested in America* the Trade to North America, was presented to the Trade. House, and read; Setting forth, Thar, by the Operation of the Prohibitory Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, tha Petitioners are not permitted to export any Articles of Clothing or Merchandize to the Colonies therein mentioned; and that a considerable Number of His Majesty’s Subjects in America have thrown themselves under the Protection of His Majesty’s Army at New York, and other Places; and in consequence of the Prohibition contained in the said Act, they, as well as the other Inhabitants of those Places, are deprived of that Support and Advantage which they had promised themselves under such Protection; and that many of the Petitioners have received Orders from their different Correspondents in New York, and other Places, for a considerable Quantity of Clothing, Stores, and other Articles of British Manufacture and Merchandize, which are effectially necessary for the Use of the Inhabitants; and representing to the House, that it requires very large Quantities of the Manufacture* of this Countiy to answer the necessary Confiimption of such Places as are already in the Possession of His Majesty’s Forces, and the Inhabitants must, if deprived of their expected Supplies, be subjected to much Hardship and Inconvenience, and His Majesty’s Service may, as the Petitioners conceive, be thereby greatly injured; whereas, if Permission was given to export Merchandize to New York, and all other Places which are and may be in the Possession of the King’s Troops, it would greatly tend to the Benefit of the Inhabitants of such Places, and to encourage the Trade and Ma-nufeftures of Great Britain: And therefore praying the House to take the same into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, pursuant Account to their Order, Stoppages

An Account of Stoppages for Provisions for the /ro.'"the.

. . Artillery m

Artillery in America. America.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

ACCOUNT of Stoppages made from the Royal Artillery, for Provisions supplied in America, so far as has come to the Knowledge of the Board of Oxdaance; prepared purfoant to an Order of the honourable House of Commons; viz.

— — — ------- — — " »r — " " — — ‘

£. s. d.

In the Hands of Meffn. Cox and Mair, Agents to the Regiment, to the } ift December 1775 - 2,796. it. 8f,

*Hea*acs3BB=eaE*d

Office of Ordnance, az February 1780.

Ordered,

ao Geo. III.

130 Febmarii.

619

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Leave of Ordered, That the honourable Yorke have Leave Absence. to gQ to statk for the Recovery of his Health.

Duties on . Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-Pot Aflits, fog next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable on Pot and Pearl Alhcs imported into Great Britain.

k c.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account. Account of the Duties paid upon Pearl and Pot Alhcs imported into Great Britain, from 1776 to

Christmas 17785 distinguishing each Year.

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Pot and Pearl Allies imported into this Kingdom from North America, from Christmas 1763 to Christmas 17785 distinguishing each Year.

Itpenditure A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, of Land Owners, and Inhabitants, paying Taxes in the Muc Monty. County of Norfolk, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That your Petitioners, alarmed at the still growing Burthens of this Country, notwithstanding the annual Diminution of its Rel’ources, feeling that the strictest (Economy must be adopted in every Rank of private Life, must hive loft every Power of lle-fleftion, not to difeern that the most rigid Frugality is indispensibly necessary in every Public Department of the State; to this honourable House then, your Petitioners look up for Succour and Protection; to you they apply, as more peculiarly entrusted with the Controul of the National Purle; and, with all that Solicitude which the Pressure of Private Distrcls and the Dread of Public Ruin, can excite, earnestly request, that this House would be pleased to make no Grant of Public Money without the most palpable Evidence of its Necessity 1 and that you would be pleased farther to provide, by all the Means with which the Constitution furnishes, and with all that Vigour and Resolution with which Zeal for that Constitution can inspire you, that none of the Public Money, when granted, be improperly applied, or improvidently squandered: Thus roused by Effects to the Investigation of their Causes, suffer your Petitioners still farther to represent, that the Time is now arrived, when it is become absolutely re-quisite that all fi nocure Places, and Pensions unmerited by Public Service, should be abolished, and that the exorbitant Emoluments even of efficient Places should be reduced, that such Expenditures may no longer continue to incrcale the calamitous and impoverished Condition of the Nation, and to add a great and unconstitutional Influence to the Crown, an Accession of Influence, which the bell informed in the Laws, the sincerest Friends of Government, and the most loyal and faithful Subjects to the King, have, in the Hour of calm Reflection, unwarped by Interest, unbiafi'ed by Party, not only deplored as inimical to the Liberties of this Country, but as tending to effect, what it loon may, the entire Subversion of the whole Fabric of the Constitution. Your Petitioners, therefore, appealing to the Justice of this honourable House, and confiding in your Fidelity to the Principles of your delegated Trull, do now moll earnestly request, That effectual Measures may be taken towards redressing the oppressive Grievances herein Hated, before any new Burthens be laid upon this arflifted Country; but beg Leave likewise firmly to represent, that unless such Measures be lo taken, the Grant of any Public Money, beyond the Produce of the present Taxes, will be injurious to the Rights and Property of the People, and consequently . Vot. 37.

derogatory from the Honour and Dignity of Parlia* meat.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho/ford and Mr. Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A<fl for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Leckford Abbott} and Abbess, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to allow the Trade between Ireland and the British Colonies and Plantations in America, and The,

and the British Settlements on the Coast. of Africa, to be carried on in like Manner as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Settlements; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Provisions of Two Acts, made in the Eighteenth Year of His. present Majftey’s Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods, and for repealing so much of the said last mentioned Act as relates to the Certificates for Prize Tea and East India Goods exported from this Kingdom to Ireland-, for the Removal of East India Goods condemned as Prize at any out Port, to London for Sale, and of Prize Goods for Exportation; and for reducing the Duty on Foreign Prize Tobacco; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en« larging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from The Cross of Hand near Bridge, in

the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southern in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford; and from The Guide Post in the Village of Adderbury, in the same County, through Kidlington, to The Mile Way leading towards the City of Oxford;and also the Road leading from a Place

called The Two Mile Tree, near the City of Oxford, over Gosford, otherwise Goffard Bridge, to a certain

Gate entering upon Wefion on the Green, in the said County, so far as the same relates to the Road leading from The Cross of Hand near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir James Lowther presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing, amending, and widening the " Roads from the South West End of Netherbridge, in " The County of Westmoreland, by Sizerghfell-Jide, to " Leven’s Bridge, and from thence through the Town of " Millthrop, to Dixes, and from the Town of " aforesaid, to Hangbridge, and from thence to join " the Heron Syke Turnpike Road at The Guide " near Clawthrop Hall, in the County aforesaid:" And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Burke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty’s

LeckforH

Abbottlj

&c.

Inclosure.

Trade of Ireland.

Landing of Prize Goods*

Finford

Bridge

to

Banbttty

Road.

Netbcrbridgr,

Sec.

Roads.

Regulation of the King’* Civil <

£stabi;lhment?

Manning the Navy.

Clerks of

AflizCj

&c.

Fee*.

Mariners

and S amen.

Encouragement of Seamen.

/Mar k>« FVree*.

620 23® Februa A. 1780.

jesty’s Civil Establishments, and of certain Public Offices; for the Limitation of Pensions, and the Suppression of sundry ufcleis, expensive, and inconvenient Places; and for applying the Monies saved thereby to the Public Service: And the same was received; and read the First Time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. '

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the Second Day of next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Lord Muhrave presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for preventing Desertion, and for the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the several Lifts and Accounts of Fees, Perquifires, and other Emoluments ol Office, claimed and usually taken by the Clerk’s of Assize, Clerks of the Arraigns, Clerks of the Indictments, and the Associates of the several Circuits of Eclat’d, and by the Clerk of the Arraignments for the City of London attending at Justice Hall in the Old and the Clerk of the Session of Gao: Delivery of for the County of Fliddlesex, which were prefix red to the House upon the 24th Day of January last, and the 14th Day of this Instant be :efeirct! to

the Confederation of a Committee; And that li cy Jo examine, and report the lam., with their Opinion thereupon, to the lloule.

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Recorder

of London, Sec. And they am to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nice of the Cl n k, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Sea* men to serve in His Maje'.iy’s Ships of War. and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Encoursgement of Seamen, and the more speedy and efJcclual Manning His Majesty’s Navy," and for making further Provisions for those Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve irself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Owners of Ships belonging to and trading from the Port of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, which was prdented to the House upon last, and

then ordered to lie upon the Tabic until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, >0 whom the said Bill is committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to reloire itself into Committee of the whole House, 20

upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Ma» rine Forces white on Shore.

Ref jived. Tout this House will, upon Friday Morn* ing next, refoive i tic If into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to SuppI?. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con filler further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants’ Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what ae propostd to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy for the Year 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made. That the Report, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for the Year 1780, be referred to the flii 1 Committee;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquaint,! the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the I Joule, to make such Provision for defraying the Chug, a of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the 'lew 1780, as they llvall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ordtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resum-i the Chair.

Sir Ord reported from (lie Committee, That they hid come to lc\e;a! Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the . Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums of Money laid out on the Head of Extra of the Navy, between the 31st ot December 1778 and the 31st of December 1779; distinguishing the several Ships, and Services, on which the same have been expended.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and House, to consider further of Ways and Means for McJns-railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Tradtsf ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ireland: upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Henry the Seventh, or u ' of any other Acts which prohibit the exporting, carrying, or conveying Coin out of this Realm into Ireland; and so much of certain Acts made in Britain, which

prohibit the Importation of Foreign Hops into Ireland, and which take off the Drawback upon I lops exported from Great Britain to Ireland-, and to extend to His Majesty’s Subjects residing in I,the Privilege of being admitted into the Turkey Company, and to enable them to import into and export from Ireland,

ao Geo. III. 230 — 14*

such Goods as may be imported into or exported from Great Britain, by the Merchants of England trading to

the Levant Seas.

And then the Hotrfe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jo-vis, 24* die Februarii;

Anno 20* Georgii III'" Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Mo/yneux, Gentleman Ulhcr of the Black

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker r. ported, That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleated to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act to allow the Trade between Ireland and the British Colonies and Plantations in America and 'The West Indies, and the Butish Settlements on the Coast of,

to be carried on in like Manner as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Settlements:

An Act for extending the Provisions of Two Acts, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and in the left Session of Parliament, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom to Spanifti Prize Goods; and for repealing so much of the said last mentioned Act, as relates to the Certificates for Prize Tea and Erst India Goods exported from this Kingdom to Ireland; for the Removal of East India Goods condemned as Prize at any out Port, to London for Sale, and of Prize Goods for Exportation; and for reducing ti e Doty on Foreign Prize Tobacco:

An Act for en.urging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts, made in the First and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effftual amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford; and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Panned, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for enlarg ng the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act to widen and repair the Road from The Guide Post near the End of " Drayton Lane, near Banbury, in the County of Oxford, to the House called The Sun Rising, at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from The Cross of near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Soulham, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from The Guide Post in the Village of Adderbury, in the same County, hrough Kjdlington, to The Mile Way leading towards

the City of Oxford; and also the Road leading from a Place called The Two Mile Tree, near the City of ford, over Gosford, other wise Gofjard Bridge, to a certain Gate entering upon Weston on the Green, in the said Vol. 37.

Februarii. Soil

County, so far as the same relates to the Road leading from The Cross of Hand near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of in

the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford:

An Act to enable Mary Ruck, Spinster, notwithstanding her Minority, to convey, assign, and settle, her Real and Personal Estate, on her intended Marriage with Benjamin Keene, Esquire:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Leekford Abbotts and Abbess, in the County of Southampton:

An Act to enable Richard Bourne, Esquire, his First and other Sons, and their Issue Male, and his and their respective Children, to assume and use the Name, and bear the Arms, of Charlett, pursuant to the Will of Arthur Charlett, Esquire, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing John Salomon Sontag.

A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of the Importation Town of Wellington, in the County of Somerset, was of

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Lace!

the Petitioners are alarmed at receiving Information from their Correspondents in Flanders, importing, that in Consequence of a Clause in an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, intended to prevent the pernicious Practice of Smuggling Foreign Lace, but operating materially to affect the Importation of that Article from The Low Countries, the Imperial Court is about to lay a Duty of Sixteen Pence per Yard on all Woollens imported into their Dominions in the Low Countries, which will amount to a Prohibition of all Woollen Goods manufactured in this Part of the Kingdom, prove highly injurious to the Nation at large, to the Petitioners more particularly, and greatly distress the numerous Poor employed in such Manufactories: And therefore praying, That such Regulations may be adopted, respecting the Importation of Flanders Lace, as the Wisdom of the House may fee meet, for preventing the Iiupofts threatened by the Imperial Court, and promoting the declining Staple Manufactories of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Merchants and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Collumpton, in the County of Devon,. is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to Barfor*,

whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an *,ua"*

Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled " An Act for repairing and " widening the Road from The Hand and Post in Upton " Field, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of " Oxford, through the several Parishes within mentioned, to a Place in the Parish of Preston, in the " County of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for granting certain Privileges to the inhabitants of Ablington.

7T And

Biddtford,

&c.

Roads.

Ickenham

Inclosure.

Mansfield

Road.

P*ipon,

&e.

Road.

Ditto.

622 240 Februarii. 1780.

And the {kid. Clause was Twice read; and, upon teenth Year of His p refen Majesty, for repairing and the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, widening the High Road from Wether by to to be made Part of the Bill. in the County of York: And the same was received;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and read the First Time, ingrossed. Ref That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for more effectually repairing the Road lead- An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Find ing from the End of the Exeter Turnpike Road, on the Commons, Open Fields, and Common Pastures, Inclosure. the West Side of Lord Clifford’s Park Gate, to Bidda- in the Liberty of Findern, in the Parish of ford, and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown and County of was re<d the Third Time.

Pomeroy, and from Feign Bridge, in the County of RefThat the Bill do pals: And that the Title Devon-, and for repealing Two Acts, of the Thirty- be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the second of his late Majesty, and the Second of His Commons, Open Fields, and Common Pastures, in the present Majesty, made for repairing the said Roads; Liberty of Findern, in the Parish of Mickieover, and was read a Second Time. County of Derby.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Philip Ordered, That Mr. Coke of Derby do carry the Bill to Jennings Clerke, Mr. Medley, &c.: And they are to meet the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber. Mr. George Bridges reported from the Com- Bridgeford

mittee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Lane Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year Rowl> Open Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, with- of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se-in the Parish of Ickenham, in the County of Middlesex, cond, for repairing and widening the Road from the be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Sevennight, the North End of Lane, in the County of Not-

7th Day of March next. tingham, to and through several Towns and Places in

the Counties of Nottingham, and Rutland,

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers and through Rockingham, to The Bowling Green at Ket-of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the teeing, in the County of Northampton, was committed;

Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of " An Act for repairing and widening the High Road the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that " leading from the Town of Mansfield, in the County the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made " of Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleafley, (Slap- several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed " well. Heath, and Normenton, and the Liberty of him to report to the House; and he read the Report in " Hajhnd, to the Turnpike Road leading from the his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, hath the " Town of Derby to the Town of Chefierfield, in the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the " County of Derby," was read the Third Time. Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

The Amendment following was proposed to be made Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question to the Bill; viz. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

Pr. 7. 1. 31. To leave out " at the least." House.

- And the said Amendment was, upon the Question Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill ingrossed. was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Chappel for

be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Year near

Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Act for repairing and widening the High ltoad lead- " Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of " ing from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of " Nottingham to Nezvhaven, and from the Four Lane

" Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleafiey, Glapwell, " Ends near Oakerthorpe, to Ashborne, and from The

" Heath, and Normenton, and the Liberty of Hafiand, " Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor, to join the Road

" to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of " leading from Chesterfield to Chapel at or

" Derby to the Town of Chesterfield, in the County of " near Langston, in the County of Derby, and from " Derby." " Session to Annejley Woodhouse, in the County of Not-

Ordered, That I>ord Edward Bentinck do carry the Bill " tingham," was read the Third Time, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ordered, That Mr. Turner be added to the Gentlemen, Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in " Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of King George the Second, fer repairing and widening the " Nottingham to Newhaven, and from the Four Lane

High Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram " Ends ijpar Oakerthorpe, to Ashborne, and from The

Bank, to the Town of Pateley Bridge, in the County Cross Post on Moor, to join the Road

of Fork. " leading from Chesterfield to Chapel-en-le-Frith, at or

" near Longston, in the County of Derby, and from Sel- Mr. Turner presented to the House, according to Or- IC fion to Annejley Woodhouse, in the County of Net-der, a Bill for reviving and continuing the Term, and " tingham."

varying tome of the Powers, of an Act, made in the Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the

Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for

" repairing and widening the High Road from the An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Grantham,

" Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of osso much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year &c.

" Pateley Bridge, in the County of York;" and for of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se- Roa<k.

making Compensation to the Trustees and Mortgagees cond, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening

under Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of his " the Poids from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln,

late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Four- " through Bottesford and Bingham, so Nottingham Trent

,22 .....

3o Geo. III. 24* Fe. 623

" Bridge, and from Chappel Bar, near the West End

" of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's " Bridge in the Town of Derby, and from The " GwV/e Po/? in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley " >7," as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in the Town of Derby, and from The Guide Post in the Parish of , to Sawley Ferry, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through

" ford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and " from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town " of Nottingham, to Saint M Bridge, in the Town " of Derby, and from The Guide Pejl in the Parish of " Lenton, to Sawley Ferry," as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in the Town of

Derby, and from The Guide P in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Middlesex The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Freeholder*’ adjourned Consideration of the Petition of the Freehol-Petition; tiers of the County of "Eft* . Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Election.

Exporting Corn in Foreign Shipping.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the exporting of Corn in Foreign Shipping.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Belt:

Mr. Speaker,

Kelso The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act "scob*1* ^or continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth " Part of a Penny Staling upon every Scots Pint of " Ale, Porter, and Beer, which shall be brewed for " Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the " Town of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a Bridge cross the River Tweed, and for other " Purposes therein mentionedwithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Parish and Liberties of Barham, in the County of Huntingdon} without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Macclesfield A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Read. thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves and others, Consumers of Lime, in the Towns of Macclesfield and Kmitsford, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That all the Lime used by the Petitioners, and others the Inhabitants of the Towns and Parts above described, is brought to them from certain Kilns situate at Grin, in the Parish of Hartington, in the County of Derby; and that the Price of the above very necessary Article hath of late been greatly increased, by reason of certain Tolls taken for the Passage of Coal and Lime, on the Turnpike Road from Buxton to Leek, from which Road the Petitioners do not reap the least Benefit, it being only necessary to crofi the fame, in order to go to the Coal Pits and Lime Kilns used by the Petitioners, and to which they had, before the making Vol 37.

of such Road, a free Passage from the Turnpike Road leading between Broken Cross in Macclesfield, and Bux* ion-, and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making for a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The Cross at Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, 4

through Macclesfield Forest, to the present Turnpike Road at the South End of Buxton, in the said County of Derby, and for Power to make a certain Branch from the said Turnpike Road, to the Coal Pits at Thatch March and Gait, and thence to rejoin the same Turnpike at Thatch Marsh; and allb one other Branch from the same Turnpike Road near The Gofiing Bar, to the said Lime Kilns at Grin: and that the making of such Branches of Road will be much to the Advantage and Relief of the Petitioners, and all Consumers

of Lime in the above-mentioned Towns, and Parts ad- j

jacent, by reducing the Price to what it was before the Trustees for the said Leek Road unjustly subjected it to the Payment of Toll, and by facilitating the Carriage thereof: And therefore praying, That the Bill prayed for by the said Macclesfield Road Trustees, may be passed into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from The Cross at " Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester,

" through Macclesfield Forest, to the present Turnpike " Road at the South End of the Township of Buxton " in the County of Derby and for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, a Road branching from the said Turnpike Road at or near the House of Edward Bayley, to the Coal Pits at Thatch Marsh and Goit, and from thence to rejoin the said Turnpike Road at Thatch Marsh aforesaid; and from the said Turnpike Road near The Gofiing Bar, to the Lime Kilns, at The Grin is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free-; Expenditure holders, of the County of Somerset, was presented to „ , °L

i r t r i , .{ r \ r, . - Public Money.

the House, and read; betring forth, lhat this Nation has been engaged for several Years in a moll expensive and unfortunate Contest with its Colonies; that many of the moil valuable of them have declared them (elves independent; that France and Spain, the inveterate Enemies of Great Britain, have taken Advantage of these Circumstances; that the Consequences of these >

combined Misfortunes, have been a large Addition to the National Debt, a heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of the Trade, Manufactures, and Land Rents of the Kingdom: Alarmed at the diminished Re-lources and growing Burthens of this Country, and convinced that rigid Frugality is now indispensably necessary in every' Department of the State, your Petitioners observe, with Grief, that, notwithstanding the calamitous and impoverished Condition of the Nation, much Public Money has been improvidently squandered, and that many Individuals enjoy sinecure Places, efficient Places with exorbitant Emoluments, and Pensions unmerited by Public Services, to a large and still increasing Amount, wheuce the Crown has acquired a great and unconstitutional Influence, which, if not checked, may soon prove fatal to the Liberties of this Country: Your Petitioners, conceiving that the true End of every legitimate Government is not the Emolument of any Individual, but the Welfare of the Community, and considering that, by the Constitution of this Realm, the National Purle is entrusted, in a Peculiar Manner, to the Custody of this honourable House; beg Leave further to represent.

Ptrifll

Apprentices.

Members not to be concerned in Contracts*

Voting

of

©ccafional

Freemen*

American

Trade*

624 24’ Februarii. > 1780.

Tent, That, until effectual Measures be taken to redress the oppressive Grievances herein dated, the Grant of any additional Sum of Public Money, beyond the Produce of the present Taxes, will be injurious to the Rights and Projrcrty of the People, and derogatory from the Honour and Dignity of Parliament: Your Petitioners, therefore, appealing to the Justice of this honourable House, do most earnedly request. That effectual Measures may be taken by this House, to enquire into and correct the gross Abuses in the Expenditure of Public Money, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments, to refeind and abolish all sinecure Places and unmerited Pensions, and to appropriate the Produce to the Necessitiesof the State, in such Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill lor obviating a Doubt touching the binding and receiving of poor Children Apprentices, in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Relief of the Poor within particular incorporated Hundreds or Districts, within that Part of Great Britain called England :And that Mr. Gilbert and the Lord Ongley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for r< draining any Person, being a Member of the House of Commons, from being concerned himself, or any Person in Trud for him, in any Contract made by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy , the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons for the Public Service, unless the said Contract shall be made at a Public Bidding: And that Sir Philip Jennings Sir George

Mr. Hartley, Mr. Thomas Yownjhend, Mr. Mr.

Popham, Mr. Recorder of , Sir George,

Mr. Byttg, Mr. Spencer Stanhop, and Sir James -ther, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 14th Day of , in the last Session of Parliament, of the Petition of the Bailiff, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, of the Borough of New Radnor, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, That it be an Indrudlion to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent " Occasional Freemen from voting at Eledhons of " Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Bo- roughsThat they do make Provision in the said Bill, for impoling an additional Stamp Duty on the Ad-million of Occasional Freemen into any Corporation;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Motion be referred to the -Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred toconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

The House divided.

The Y eas went forth.

\*3.

Teller* for the Noes, "*

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants, and others intereded in the Trade to North America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

*7

The House resolved ilself into the said Committee!

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pownail took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pownail reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Pownail accordingly reported Iroin the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to allow the Exportation of Goods and Merchandize from Great Britain to New York, and all other Places in North America, which are or may be in the Possession of His Majesty’s Troops, and from such Places to Great Britain; and to allow such Goods and Merchandize to be so exported and imported, in the same Manner as before the passing of an Act of the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to " prohibit all Trade and Intercouri'e with the Colonies " of New Hampshire, MajfachufBay, Rhode Island, " Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, , the

" Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland,

" nia, North Carolina, South , and Georgia,

during the Continuance of the present Rebellion " within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing " an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of u His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and " discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares,

" and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour, of Boston, in the Province of Bay\

" and also Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for redraining the Trade and Commerce of " the Colonies, in the said Acts respectively mentioned; " and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and " authorized by his Majesty to grant Pardons, to issue " Proclamations, in the Cafes, and for the Purposes,

" therein mentioned."

And Mr. Pownail moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to allow the Exportation of Goods and Merchandize from Great Britain to New York, and all other Places in North America, which are or may be in the Possession of His Majesty’s Troops, and from such Places to Great Britain; and to allow such Goods and Merchandize to be lb exported and imported, in the same Manner as before the passing of an Act of the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act " to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachuset's Bay, Rhode c‘ Island, ConneElicut, New York, New Jersey,

" vania, the Three Lower Counties on " land, Virginia, North Carolina, South and

" Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Re* " bellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the " landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and " within the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of

Massachuset's Bay; and all'o Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for redraining the " Trade and Commerce of the Colonies, in the said " Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person " or Persons, appointed and authorized by His Majesty " to grant Pardons, to issue Proclamations in (he Cafes, " and for the Purposes therein mentioned And that Mr. Pownail, Mr,* Alderman Hayley, and Sir George Yonge, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole Houfr, to whom the Bill to remove certain Difficulties rel.'.tive 10 Voters at County Elections, was committed;

And

Voles at County Eit&ofiS.

io Geo. III. 240 — 25 % '625

And the House being informed that several other Sums of Money as shall be laid out on the Head of Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; Extra of the Navy, between the 31st of December Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. 1779, a"d the 31st of December 1780; distinguishing

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a the several Ships and Services on which the dime Committee of the whole House. shall have been expended} and that such Account, so

Rcfohed, That this House will, immediately, resolve prepared, be laid before this House, in the next Session itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Parliament, as soon as may be after the same shall be further of the said Bill. made out.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said '

Committee. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mr, E/wes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. -------- — ------------;----

Mr. Eluits reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several other Veneris 2 v* die Februarii j

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to ’

report when the House will please to receive the same. . Armo ZQ. m«ti Regis, 1?8o.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

PltAYEks.

fapply. Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the p ESOLVED, That this House will, at the Riling

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred -A. Qf the j-joufe this Day, adjourn till Monday Morn*

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- jner next.

jesty; the Refutations which the Committee had directed

him to report to the House; which he read ia his Place; An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: closing, the Lands and Grounds called Whole Year

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Shack

viz. Meadows, and also certain Commons, Several*, and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Wastes, within the Parish of Tot Briggs,

That a Sum not exceeding Three hundred Eighty-five in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time,

thousand Three hundred Eighty-one Pounds Seven That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Lands and Grounds called Whole Year Lands, Half

Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year One thousand Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Shack Meadows, and Seven hundred and Eighty. > also certain Commons, Severals, and Wastes, within the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, parish of with Briggs, in the County of

That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Ninety-leven Norfolk.

thousand Nine hundred and Three Pounds, be granted Ordered, That Mr. Coke of Norfolk do carry the to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s.

Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above An ingrafted Bil for dividing, allotting, and in-

- what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of closing, the Lands and Grounds called Whole Year

Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year One thou- Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Breeks, sand Seven hundred and Eighty. Commons, and Wastes, within the Parish of in

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

That Provision be made for the Pay and Clothing Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

of the Militia, and for their Subsistence during the Time be, An Act -for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the they shall be absent from Home on Account of the Lands and Grounds called Whole Year Lands, Half Annual Exercise, for the Year One thousand Seven hun-. Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Breeks, Commons, dred and Eighty. and Wastes, within the Parish ok Heacham, in the County

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second. of Norfolk.

- Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- Ordered, That Mr. Coke of Norfolk docarrythe the Bill

- upon, agreed to by the House. to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-&c."* i&g» ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Henry the Seventh or of any other Acts which prohibit the exporting, carrying, or conveying Coin out of this Realm into Ireland; and so much of certain Acts made in Great Britain, which prohibit the Importation of Foreign Hops into Ireland, and which take off the Drawback upon Hops exported from Great Britain to Ireland; and to extend to His Majesty’s Subjects residing in Ireland, the Privilege of being admitted into the Turkey Company, and to enable them to import into, and export from Ireland, such Goods as may be imported into, or exported from Great Britain, by the Merchants of England trading to the Seas.

o o

Account

N»vy Ordered, That Mr. Hartley -have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That there be prepared, an Account of such Vol. 37.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Legburn, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosingcertain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish o in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, intituled, "An Act to continue, amend, and make " effectual, an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of " the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the North West " Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Nettlam Fields, IVragby Lane, and Baumber to The

" IVo/ds, or North East Part of the said County; and " also for repairing and widening the Roads from

7 U " Well,

Adjournment.

Tflttenhtll «, With West Briggs Inclosart.

Heacham

Inclosure.

Legburn

Inclosure,

Lincoln

Roads.

Tiffield

Inclosure.

Burford

Road.

Tcibury

and

Owlpea

Down

Read.

6‘2(?

25® Februarii. 17&0.

" Well ,in East Gate, in the City of Lincoln, and from " the North West End of and from The

" Guide Post at the East End of Hainton, through " Barkwith, to the Roads directed to be repaired by

" the said Aftwas read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act to continue, amend, and make effectual, " an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign " of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the North West Parts " of the County of Lincoln, through Nettlam Fields, " Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to The Wolds, 4‘ or North East Part of the said County; and also " for repairing and widening the Roads from The " Well, in East Gate, in the City of Lincoln, and from " the North West End of , and from The

u Guide Post at the East End of Hainton, through " Barkwith, to the Roads directed to be repaired by

" the said Act."

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing atjd inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Tiffield, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Rejalved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Hujj'ey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled,- " An Act for repairing * and widening the Road from The Hand and Post in " Upton Field, in the Parish of Burford, in the County " of Oxford, through the several Parishes within mentioned, to a Place in the Parish of Prefion, in the 4‘ County of Gloucqfler, called Dancy's Fancy " was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from The Hand and Post in Upton " Field, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of

" Oxford, through the several Parishes within mentioned, to a Place in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy.''

Ordered, That Sir William Gmfe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Spencer Stanhope presented to the House, accord- Heaton ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing all and Indcfwt every the Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Heaton, in the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York;

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the principal Merchants and Trades-men of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the City of in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

for and on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants and Tradesmen of the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, the Second, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Debtors, " with respect to the Imprisonment of their Pcilons j and " to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution " in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not " exceeding what are mentioned in the -Act, to make " Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates, for their Creditors Benefit j" and representing to the House, That the Objects of the said Bill, as well as the Provisions thereof, appear to the Petitioners to be of most dangerous and destructive Tendency, not only to the Interests of the Petitioners and other Individuals, but also most highly prejudicial to the public Credit in general, if the same should be carried into a Law: And therefore praying, to be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, Thar the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Returns of

Debtors.

U a lie

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the First and Second Years of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytesbury; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Redhone ,in the Parish of Urfhfont, to the Mile Stone at the Western End

of Fisherton Street, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard, Mr. Pownall, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Fi fhtra Bridge. Ire.

M-

iT»-

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads from Tetbury, and other Places, in the County of Gloucester, so far as the same relates to the Road from Tetbwy to the Gates on the West of -

Hall Down, and from the House at the Top of Frecester Hill, where the Turnpike Gate lately stood, to the Turnpike Road from Cirelkrfte towards Bath, and from the Field called Bowldown Sleight, to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horsley to Tetbwy, near Ti/tup's Inn , and for amending and keeping in Repair ti e Road from, the said Turnpike Road near Howell’s Down, across Oiv/pen Down, to a Lane leading to Lampern Hill, and from another Part of the said Turnpike Road near die Latter Wood Turnpike, across Owl-pen Down aforesaid, all- in the said County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Codrington, Mr. Goddard, See.: And they are to meet 19

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and law*, to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, have Power to re|)ort their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Ttanioii Fields, Commons, Carrs, and Waste Grounds, within Indofu^ the Lordship or Manor of Thornton in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laf-celles. Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

;N

The House being informed that Mr. , from Accowm, the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; UndTu. he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders.

A Lift

20 Geo. III. 25* Februarii. 027

A Lift, of the Names of the present Receivers General of the Land Tax, and their respective Sureties, arttl the Sums for which they are respectively bound: And also,

A Lift of the General Surveyors, Inspectors, and Surveyors of the Duties upon Houses and Windows, tdc, with their respective Salaries: And also.

An Account of the Gross Produce of the Tax upon Houses, for Three Quarters of a Year, from the 5th Day of July 1778 to the 5th Day of April 1779: And also,

An Account of the Gross Produce of the Tax upon Servants, as far as the same can be made up, for Three Quarters of a Year, from the 24th of 1777 to the 15th of March >778.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts and Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House a "* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The. House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve hself into the said Committee.

Oofwell Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to

Street Order, a Bill for repairing, lighting, watching, and

lvln"* ic cleansing, Gofzvell Street, in the County of Middlesex-,

and also Bull Yard, Glas Yard, the North Side of

Fan'sAUy, Mount Mill, and Willow Court, and for removing Nuisances therefrom, and preventing the like lor the future: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Trem.fi.-idge A Bill for repealing Two Acts, made in the Eleventh Haul. and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of , through

Cojlock, otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester , and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert Smith, Mr. Luttrell,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’^ Chamber.

Vol. 37.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable on Pot and Pearl Ashcs, imported into Great Britain, be now redd.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Mondaf , Morning next.

Mr. Salufbury Brereton, according to Order; reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading to Highg Gatehoufi and *

Jlead, and for several other Purposes in the said first-mentioned Act contained, as gives Power to ered of remove Turnpikes or Toll Gates, so far as relates to erecting or continuing any Turnpike or Toll Gate i»

Gray's Inn Lane, or between the said Lane and the new Road leading from Islington to Paddington, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allega--tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the? Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed that n<r Counsel attended; ‘

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee ttf the said Bill, being severally read a Second'Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Payment of the Sum of £. 1,400,000, advanced to the East India Company, pursuant to the A & of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty; distinguishing at what Time or Times the same was paid off.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Bond and other Debts of the India Company in England, as they ltood on the ift Day of March 1773, and as they now stand; distinguishing the Times at which the fame, or any Parts thereof, have been paid off and discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balances in Favour of the East India Company in England, resulting from the Whole of their Trade and Territorial Revenues in India, from the tft Day of March 1774 to the ift Day of March 1780; distinguishing each Year, and the Lilposition of such Balances.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Territorial and other Revenues received

by the East India Company in Bengal, Babur, , and the Five Northern Circars, from May 1765 to the latest Accounts received from bid':a, distinguishing each Year, the different Heads of Revenue, and shewing the gross Amount thereof, the Charges ot Collection, and the Net Proceeds.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an. Account of such Sums of Money received by the East India

Duties bri Pot rtlhee; U a

Gray’* Ihh Lane Turupikft

Account* relating to East India. Affair*.

Account*

rcLt.no to Lad India A [hairs.

Marine Forces.

Trade of Ireland; Exporting Coin, Ate.

628 25* — 28° Fe . 1780.

India Company from the Territorial Revenues in as have been applied towards furnishing the Investments of the Company from India to Great Britain, from May 1765 to the hft Accounts received.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Bullion and other Remittances from Bengal to China, towards purchasing the Investments for the Company there, from May 1765 to the last Accounts received.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Bond and other Debts of the East -dia Company, at their several Settlements in ,from the Year 1765 until the last Accounts received i distinguishing the Debts of each Year, the Payment thereof, and at what Time, and in what Manner, the same were discharged.

Ordered, That thyre be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies remaining in the respective Trea-luries of the East India Company, at their several Settlements in India, according to the last Advices received.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company in England, from the Year 1765 to the present Time; distinguishing the Debts of each Year, the Payment thereof, and at what Time, and in what Manner the same were discharged.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act,

made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Henry the Seventh, or of any other Acts which prohibit the exporting, carrying, or conveying Coin out of this Realm into Ireland; and so much of certain Acts made in Great Britain, which prohibit the Importation of Foreign Hops into Ireland, and which take off the Drawback upon Hops exported from Great Britain to Ireland; and to extend to His Majesty’s Subjects residing in Ireland, the Privilege of being admitted into the m-

pany, and to enable them to import into, and export from Ireland, such Goods as may be imported into, or exported from Great Britain, by the Merc^nts of England trading to The Levant Seas.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 28° die Februarii;

Anno 20* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1780.

Praye&s.

DARTHOLOMEIV Huber took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

The House being informed that Doctor Solander, Bridth from the Trustees of the British Museum, attended at the Mufeu*. Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " General State of the Accompts of the British Museum, to January 1780."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was readr The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

4

The GENERAL STATE of the

g

eg'

r — h

N'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

FT

Ledger.

Folio i

I.

a.

a.

2.

256.

ip.

I7J.2

»54

l

To CASH received by

Lottery 1758, Tickets forfeited, and Prizes unclaimed Lottery Expends deduced -

Grant of Parliament 1762, £.2,000 (Fees deducted)

Profit on £. 1,000 Exchequer Bills bought therewith

Grant of Parliament 1764, £.2,000 (Fees deducted) -

Profit on £. 1,300 Bank Annuities bought therewith

Grant of Parliament 17f6, £.2,000 (Fees deduced) -

Profit on £. 1,700 Bank Annuities bought therewith

Grant of Parliament 1768, £ 2,000 (Fees deduced) -Loss on £. 1,500 Bank Annuities bought therewith

Grant of Parliament 1770, £. 2,000 (Fees deduced) -

Profit on £. 1,785 Bank Annuities bought therewith

Grant of Parliament 1772, £. 2,000 (Fees dedu&td) -

Profit on £. 1,700 Bank Annuities bought therewith

Grant of Parliament 1774, £. 2,000 £Fees deduced) -

Profit on £ 5C0 Bank Annuities bought therewith -

Grant of Parliament 1775, £ 3>oooo (Fees deduced) -

Loss on £. 2,000 Bank Annuities bought therewith -

Grant of Parliament 1776, £. 3,000 (Fees deducted) -

Deducting the Purchase of £. 3,000 Bank Annuities -

f And from this Sunv the Sale of £. 2,100, Part thereof with the Dividend; received, to the 5 July 1779

2,366 11 6 1,434 10 —

Dividends on £. 30,000 Bank Annuities, 3 Cent. reduced (purchased with the per Contra Sam of £.32,432. i6x. 6d. in Cr and referred as a Standing Fund) to the 10th Qflober 1779 - -

Salary of K?ng*s Librarian, for Years 9 Months and Dgys, to the 5 July 1779, aJ £ 30 f*r -Annum (Fees deduced) -

Dividends eft Major Eehoards' Fund -

Deducing sundry Purchases charged to the said Fund

£ *. J.

*°L9 Ja 7 6

6,757 19 4

1,892 2

18 18

1,892 2

129 12

1,892

5T

6

6

6

6

1,892 2

34 17

1,892

98

1,892 a3 2 6 >5 —

1,892 2 2 6 10 —

2,842 S3 2 6 7 6

2,842 2 6

932 I 6

— — i,ij6 17 6 1,4^4 i* 11

ACCOMPTS of The British ,to Jamtary i, Ij8a

Cr.

K>

o

a

t=i

O

£. /. d.

95,194 8 2 1,911 i 3 2,oai 15 — 1,943 11 — *,857 s — 1,990 14 9 1,915 17 6 1,894 12 1,788 15 —

*39*439 4 3

1,910 1 —

24,004 5 — 1,304 13 6

702 4 7

Ledger.

Folio 6. 6

5*

69

67

46.

50.

241. 69.

a

6a.

277*

181.

165.

242. 245. 25a.

a44.

*55

188.

20Q.

*53-

258.

By CASH paid for Sir Hans Shave's Collediou -

The Hark 1 an Manuscripts -The Common Seal of the Corporation of Tru flees Removing the Sloan and Cotton Libraries Expences at Chelsea on the Sloan Collection - Mr. JVidmore*s Care of the Cotton Library Purchase of Montague House -

Act of Parliament and Law Charges -

Purchase of/. 52,500 Bank Ann. 3J per Cent. now 3 per

Cent, reduced - 54,930 13

Dcduding Sale of/. 22,400 thereof 19.607 4 6

And Dividends thereon - 2,890 1 z 6

--------22,49; *7 —

Repairs - -- -....

Furniture peculiar to the Museum -

Furniture for the Committee Room, Officers, fcfr.

Insurance ——

Fire Engines ——

Printing Expences -

Book Binding -

Stationary Ware -

Rent and Taxes -

Salaries and Wages -

Board Wages ——

Firing ——

Candles -

Incidents - -- -- .

Garden Expences -

Balance due from the King’s Donation Fund, so* Expenditures In the Hands of Mr. Ah. New land -

' - of Dr* Morton - *

£- s. 20,000 — 10,000 —

64 16 163 —

9jt 5 *

160 — — 10,250 — — 435 n 11

A

6

2f

41,984 14 6{

32.432 l6 6

*9.47* 4 2

4*3 9 7f

709 1 r ft

204 10 6

140 8 —

95* 4 9

3,281 6 »»i

400 11 8

3,983 3 10I

21,040 17 7

M*8 so

1,961 18 6

287 10 9

3,048 10 si

2,697 18

*39»*3S 18 5

105 18 a

*S 7 —

82 — 8

*39*439 4 3

to

00

so

Exporting Coni in Foreign Shipping.

630

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ednfider of the exporting of Com in Foreign Shipping, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, kt Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A. 1 780.

Return

18° Februariu

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Coun-set, ap-ainst the said Bill, upon their Petitions,

7 O.

if they think fit.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Officers, Ma- 1^* nufacturers, Mariners, Soldiers, tsV. isc. Prisoners for 01 lJ’9! Debt in His Majesty’s Prison of The , was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, many of whom labour under the fevered Distress, debarred by Imprisonment from the Exercise of their Professions, and thereby from providing for

Corn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Re-re*^ct8 of16 shewing by what Method the Collector, or proper themselves and Families, and being useful to the Corn-Officer of the Customs, at the Ports and Places from munity> observe, with the deepest Concern, the lev'cral whence Corn or Grain is exported, is officially satished Applications which have been made f0 the House, by of the true Average Prices, which, by an Act made m different Bodia of People, to prevent the passing of the the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty s Reign, m- Bjj por explaining and amending an Act, passed in the tituled, " An Act to explain so much of an Act, made Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for the

in the MSession of Parliament intituled, An Act to Re|ief of Debt with rer a to thJ Imprisonment of

regu ate the Importation and Exportation of Corm their Persons; and thfc Pet.tionere conceive, that the as relates to the Method of ascertaining the Prices of er Number of those who made Application Corn and Gram exported are to be to hirta the Rule J inst thg said Blll are themselves> in genera, Altered and Authority for allowing the Exportation thereof, and fr6om the Horrors of a Prifo b the f£ndJy Aid of the

forgiving and paying the Bounty on the same lb exported. 6ankrupt be their Debts ever so large, by which

Colonel Murraypresented to the House, according to {heir Persons are in the first Instance protected from

Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act of the Fifth ?? I

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, £em the Fru,tS °,fthe‘r ^ture Industry, while the Pet.An Act for casing into Execution a Contraft made ,tl0ners subject to perpetual Confinement

- pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth J" ‘n«>nsiderable Sums, unless relieved by the Huma-

" of his late Majesty King George the First, between y °-ff ^he Leg.stature; the Petitioners therefore hope, " the Commissionere of His Majesty’s Treasury and the w,l!Upn^ thouSht inconsistent with Humanity

" Duke and Duchess of Athol/,the Proprietor of the a"d f°£ndt0 P>ace them on a Level with the

- ljle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of <fcr Fartf.of the Conimunuy, that, by delivering up

J their all, they may obiam the Enlargement of their Persons; and that the House will grant them Relief in

the Premises, either by passing the present Bill, now de-

file of Man.

" the said Jlknd and its Dependencies, under certain " Exceptions therein particularly named," and to ascertain and establish the Jurisdiction of the Manorial Courts of the Most Noble John Duke of Atholl in the said Island; and to enable the said Duke and his Heirs, to exercise and enjoy certain Powers and Remedies therein UCJ‘U, U/ a

mentioned: Aid the fime was received , and read the SuB,ort of ihe"

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

pending, into a Law, or in such other Manner as to the House shall leem meet; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by Counsel, at the Bar of the House, in

Imprisonment of Debtors.

A Petition of the principal Merchants and Tradesmen of the Borough of Tewkejlury, in the County of Gloucester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants and Tradesmen of the (kid Borough: And allb.

Ditto. A Petition of the principal Merchants and'Tradesmen jo( the Borough of Hertford, whole Names are thereunto liiblcribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants and Tradesmen of the said Borough;

Were severally presented to the‘House, and read;

Ordered, That the fak: Petition do lie upon the Table, Until the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirry-second if ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for Relief " of Debtors, with respect-to the Imprisonment of theic " Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue " in Execution in Prison beyond a-certain Tim*, and " For Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the " Ad, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, " their Estates, for their Creditors Benefit," be read a Second Time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, in Favour of the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of several of the Commissionere appointed

Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend to put in Execution Two Acts, of the Tenth and Eleventh

an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Debtors, " with respect to the imprisonment of their PefIons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall con

Creditors Benefitand representing to the House, That the Objects of the said Bill, as well as the Provisioni thereof, appear to the Petitioners to be of mo ft dangerous and destruc-

tive Tendency, not only to the Interests of the Petitioners and other Individuals, but also most highly prejudicial to the public Credit in general, if the same should be carried into a Law: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Wocdfcf

Pwing.

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better supplying the City of with' Water, and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein, was presented to the House, and read; " tinue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, that AppliTime, and for Sums not exceeding what arc cation has been made to the House, for amending and " mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, rendering more effectual the said Acts; and that, if Proand deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their vision was made in the intended Act, for the better ~ paving, removing, and preventing Obstructions and An-

noyances in certain Streets in the Parish of Saint A lie had in Bedwardine, from the College Grates, to Sidbioy, and from thence to Saint Mary's Steps in Edgar Street, and the Tithing of from the Foregate Street to

Oswald's Hospital, being Part of the Suburbs of the said City, the same would be of great Convenience to the Inhabitants thereof, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered,

Expiring

Laws.

20 Geo. III. 2o* Februarii. 63t

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition Of several of the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better (applying the City of Worcester with Water, and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obttrudions and Annoyances therein, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; and who were impowered to report their Proceedings from Time to Time to the House; That the Committee had enquired accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as follow eih; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for reviving an Act, made in the Fifth Year of " the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First,

" intituled, An Act for the better securing the lawful Trade of His Majesty’s Subjects to and from The " East Indies-, and for the more effectual preventing all

" His Majesty’s Subjects trading thither under Foreign " Commissions,-’ which was to continue in Force from the 1 ft Day of May 1732, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was, by Two Acts made in the Thirteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, further continued until the 25th Day of March 1780, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec, in A, for a limited Time,

which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1764, for the Term of One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was, by Two Acts made in the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 24th Day of 1780, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-lament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it b the Opinion of thb Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to permit the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, which was to continue in Force from the 20th Day of June 1775, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of " Wheat and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar " Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint " and to the other Settlements belonging to the United " Company of Merchants of England trading to " East Indies, and of Bil'cuit and Pease to " land. Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador-, and " for indemnifying all Persons with respect. to advising " or carrying into Execution His Majesty’s Orders of " Council already made, for allowing the Exportation " of Wheat and other Articles," as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other VqL. 37.

Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies m »4

which was to continue in Force until the ift Day ot January 1777, and which, by Three Acts made in the Seventeenth, Eighteenth, and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the 1 ft Day of May 1780, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Aid for repealing the Eleventh Rule in the Book " of Rates, so far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and Raisins, and for making the Importer of " fuel) Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu " thereof, and for explaining the said Rule with respect to such Allowance for Damage on other Goods; and " to permit the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay " from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or 4< Plantations in The West Indies, for a limited Time," is permits the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in The West Indies, which, was to continue in Force until the 24th Day of Jane 1779, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First, Second, and Fourth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third and Fifth Resolutions of the Committee, being read a Second Time, were postponed.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the First, Second, and Fourth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the Ifoufe:

And that Mr. Ord and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to conli-der further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the Third and Fifth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been postponed.

Mr. Chcfer presented to the House, according to Or- Shenmngton der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and ^'.cloture. Common Field, and other Commonable Lands ftnd Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of Shen-nington, in the County o I Gloucester:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Thom-made in the First Year of the Reign of His present gumbald Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the Road " from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorn-gumbald,

" to Pattrington Crtck or Haven, and from The Guide " Post in iVincfead to Frodingham Gate, in or near

" Widow Branton's Farm, in the County of Yot k, and

44 for fcowering and cleansing the said Creek or Haven," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laf-celles, Mr. Townshend, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for reviving and continuing the Term, and Ripoo,

varying feme of the Powers, of an Act, made in the &c.

Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the High Road from the " Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of " Pateley Bridge, in the County of York-," and for

making Compensation to the Trustees and Mortgagees under Two Acts,' made in the Thirty-second Year of bb late Majesty King George the Second,

6 $

i8° Februa.

1786.

Petition of W. Parker respedinga Verdict againi\ him.

and in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from to Grajfington, in the County of York, was read a Se-

cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. furiter. Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of William Parker, Printer, was presented to the House, and read , Setting forth, That the Petitioner, having early Intelligence of the Acquittal of Admiral Keppel, on a Charge which the Court Martial had declared malicious and ill-founded, did illuminate his Dwelling House, and did also print and distribute an Handbill in the Way of his Trade, zealous to promote similar Tokens of the general Joy on so happy an Event; and that the Petitioner was accused of having published the said Handbill with Intent to promote unlawful Disturbances; and in the Sittings after Trinity Term 1779, was found Guilty generally, and the Sentence reserved to the Court, which, the ensuing Term, fined the Petitioner Six Shillings and Eight Pence to the King, and further ordered him co be imprisoned in Nezv-

gate for a whole Year; and that the Petitioner (though

Ordered,

Table.

That the said Petition do lie upon the

Mr. Brett, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer* red to consider of the Duties payable on Pot and Pearl Ashes imported into Great the Resolutions

which the Committee had directed him to report to tha House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed);

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable on the Importation of Pot and Pearl Allies into Great Britain, do cease and determine.

That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu thereof, a Duty of Two Shillings Hundred Weight be paid on the Importation of ail Pot and Pearl Alhcs imported into Great Britain, for a Time to be limited.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Brett, Mr. Sir

conscious of his own Innocence, as to any Intention of Grey Cooper, and Sir do prepare, and

causing the smallest Injury to the Person or Property of bring in, the fame, any of His Majesty’s Subjects, nor is it pretended he

did cause any) does not now take upon him anyways to Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the impeach the Verdict of the Jury, but only submits to Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred this honourable House, that the Sentence of the Court to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the is cruel and oppressive, and beyond all Degree of Pro- Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which portion to his alledged Offence; jind that the Petitioner the Committee had directed him to report to the House;

Dutiei m

Pot AH,*, fcc.

W«i and Moos

thinks himl'elf warranted in this Complaint, by a Comparison of the Crime charged, and the Penalty inflicted on himself, with Precedents in that Court on other Occasions: That, in the same of , who (as the

which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Petitioner is informed) was prosecuted by Order of this That the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Mi-honourable House, for a Libel on the glorious Revo- litia in that Part of Great Britain called England, tot lution (which the Petitioner presumes every Englishman One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth'Day of MaVch will deem as atrocious an Attack on His Majesty’s Per- One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, be defrayed Ion and Government, as can come within the Description out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted of a Misdemeanor) the Court pasted Sentence of Im- for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hun-prisonment in an airy, healthy Place, for One Fourth dred and Eighty.

Part only of the Term for which the Petitioner is con- The said Resolution being read a Second Time, fined in the dreary Gaol of Newgate, deprived of all was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to 'by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon' the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord and Sir Grey CoopeH do

Possibility of Air or Exercise, except in a small paved Yard in the Middle of the Gaol, which is constantjy filled with every Sort of the worst Criminals; and the pecuniary Fine which was imposed on the said Woodfall prepare, and bring in, the same did not amount to any thing like One Half of the Petitioner’s unavoidable Loss and Expence, in being so long detained from his Home and Occupation; and that, in the more recent same of MeGieurs Stratton,

Brook, and others, the Defendants (being found guilty

An ingrafted Bill to enlarge the Term arid Powers of an Act, pasted in the Twenty-seventh’Year of ^the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End

Bmhcford

Lane

Roai

of an actual Subversion of the legally-established Go- of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham', to vernment, and of having seized and imprisoned the and through several Towns and Places in the Counties Person, and endangered the Life, of the lawful Go- of Nottingham, Leicester, and Rutland, and through vernor) were sentenced only to a pecuniary Fine, not Rockingham, to The Bowling Green at Kettering, tri the amounting to double the unavoidable Loss and Expence County of Northampton, was read the Third Time, of the Petitioner by his Confinement alone; whereas, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title had the Petitioner’s alledged Crime been equal to theirs, be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, he humbly apprehends such Fines would by no Means pasted in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of his be in any Degree proportionate to their respective Abili- late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and ties: If to this be added the Weight of the Petitioner’s widening the Road from the North End of Bridgeford long Imprisonment, it will appear that he has received Lane, in the County of , to and through

by lar the more severe Sentence of the Two; and that several Towns and Places in the Counties of Not ting-the Petitioner, not pretending to assign any Errors in ham, , and Rutland, arid through Rockingham,

the Proceedings, whereon to ground a legal Appeal, is to The Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of advised that he can have no other Redress than by a Northampton.

Petition to this honourable House, the Constitutional Ordered, That Mr. George Bridges do carry

Guardian of the Rights and Liberty of the Subject: the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence:

The Petitioner therefore humbly submits the Whole of his same to the Confederation of this honourable House, A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two in full Confidence that he shall receive from their Wif- Acts, of the Twenty-sixth of his late Majesty, and the dom and Justice full Redress of his heavy Grievances. Fifth of His present Majesty, for repairing several

’ Roads

Slieftoa M let KoaL

SJiqrton

Maht

Read*.

Ditto.

So Geo. III. s8° Februarii. - 633

Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the and through the Parishes of and StrdttoH

Town of Shepton-Malet, in the County of Somerset; the to join the Turnpike Road leading from Wells

and for repairing the Roads from Stem Bow Bridge to to Beth, at a Place called White; and repfe-

ile Turnpike Road leading from Glastonbury to Piper's fenting to the House, that the Turnpike Road extend-

lun, and front 67/// hve/lto Glastonbury, and from fng from The IVkite PoJl aforesaid, to and through

She fit on Malet to a Place called The White. Post, in the Weds and Glastonbury, to Piper's Inn, in the Parish of

Turnpike Road leading front Bath to (Veils, in the said Alhcot, in Length about Twenty Miles, ife a Part bf

County, was read a Second Time. the Ancient Great Western Road leading from to

Rejjlved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. flip- Exeter; and that the Wells Turhpike Trustees have piftey Coxet Mr. Ewer, &c: And they are to meet this already borrowed upon the Credit of their Tolls up-Atiernoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s wards of £. 5000, which has been laid out ill the Re-Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to pair of the said Western Road, and of other Roads have Voices. having Connexion therewith; and that the Wells Triff-

tees have lately obtained an Act for extending the said A Petition of sevenl of the principal Inhabitants of Western Road from Piper's Inn aforesaid to Athehiey the Town of Shepton Alalet, in the County of Somerset, Bridge, in order to join the Turnpike on the whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of same Road, by which a Saving will be made to the themselves and tire rest of the Inhabitants of the said ’ Public of more than Five Miles; and that this Part Town, was prdented to the House, and read; Setting of the said Western Road willcoft upwards of 2,500, ’

forth. That the Streets, Lanes, and public Parages, to be borrowed likewise upon the Credit of the said

within the said Town, are not properly lighted, are Tolls; and that the said Western Road through subject 10 various incroachments, Obstructions, and and Glastonbury is considerably nearer, more convenient, Annoyances, and are incommodious and unlafe for and better accommodated for Travellers, than the new Travellers and Paftciigers; and that the better lighting intended Road through Shepton; and that, by the said Streets, Lanes, and Public Passages, and re- diverting the said Western Road through Shepton Me-moving incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances let, the Public will be charged with an Expence of near therein, and preverting the same for the future, will be £. 3000, though such new intended Road is meant r

of Grear Sat< ty and Advantage to the Inhabitants of only for the Conveniency of and without the said Town, and to all Persons parting through the any real Advantage to the Public at large; and that lame; and that the Petitioners oblcive, by the Votes, by diverting the said Western Road through Shepton that Application ..hath been made for a Bill for en- Malet as aforesaid, the Tolls on the Road will be larging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the lessened, and their Credit funk, iad the Trustees Twenty-sixth of his late Majesty, and the Fifth of will be rendered incapable of carrying into Execution His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein the Branch of Road from Piper's Inn to Alhelney Bridge, mentioned, lead ng to and from the Town of Shepton and of maintaining and keeping in due Repair their old Malet, in the County of Sett:erjet; and for repairing Roads; and that the Tolls arising at the Gates in the Roads from Steen Bnv BA-ge to the Turnpike tended to be erected on the new intended Road through Road leading from Glastonbury to Piper's Inn, and from Shepton Malet, it is apprehended, will not be sufficient Chilkwcllto Glastonbury, and from Shepton Malet to a to repair and maintain the fame, without the Assistance Place called The IVLite PoJl, in the Turnpike Road of the Tolls to be taken at the present Gates belonging leading from Bath to Wells, in the said County; which to the Turnpike, and tvill be to the ma- 1

laid Roads extend through the said Town: And there- nifeft Injury and Hurt of the Credit of their old Roads: fore praying, That Provision may be made in the said And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or . Bill, for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and public Paf- their Counsel, and that such Redress may be granted in lages, within the said Town, and for removing and the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.:

preventing incroachments,’ Obstructions, and Annoy- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the antes therein, in such Manner, and under such Regu- Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for

Jations, as to the House shall seem meet. enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the

Ortkred, That the said Petition be referred to the ‘.Twenty-sixth of his late Majesty, and the Fifth oPHis Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-. present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it mentioned, leading to and from the Town of

1 shall appear to them, to the House. Malet, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing the

And it is referred to Mr. Hippifley Coxe, Mr. Al- Roads from Steen Bow Bridge to the Turnpike Road Jen, fke.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, leading from to Piper's Inn, amPfrom Chille-

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; well to Glastonbury, and from Shepton Malet to a Place and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- called The White in the Turnpike Road leading coids. from Bath to Wells, in the said County, is edmmitted;

and that the Petitioners ’be heard, by themselves or A Petition of the Trustees of the Wells Turnpike Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Pe-Roads, in the County of Somerset, and of the Gen- tion, if they think fit.

tleimn. Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the City Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Cornel' Wells, and that Neighbourhood, was presented to mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at ihe 1-joule, and read; Setting forth. That the- Pcti- the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, againjit; the tioners observe, by the Votes, that the Trustees’ of said Petition.; 1

the Shepton Maht Turnpike Roads, in the County of !

Somerset, have applied to Parliament, for a Bill for ex- 1 Mr. Popkam reported fron.l he Committee, to whom Marj.ie-bone tending their Road from the West End of the Turn- the BiH for repealing so much of an Act, made in the ^"urch*

pike Road al Steen Bow Bridge, in the Parish of Pi It on, Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, " An in the said County, through the Parish of West Pen- Act, for amending and rendering more effectual an nurd, and the Hamlets of Edgar/yand Chilkwell, and " Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s

along a Lane ..called Beer Lane, to join the Turnpike Reign,: intituled, An Act for building a new Parish Road leading from Glastonbury to Piper's Inn, and also " Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a from Chiliewellafo-daid, to or near The Conduit at the " Chapel, for making a Cemetary or Church Yard,

Fall line! of Glastonbury aforesaid, and allb from the " and for building an House for the Life of the Mi-prelim Turnpike Road ar (he West End of the said , t(nifter of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bbne, in the

Town of Shepton. Male',over the Fore ft of Mendip, County of Middlesex,'' as impowers the Vestrymen of

Vol, 37. 7 Y the

D ized by

034 28° Februar A. 1780.

the foid -Farish to build a Church bpon a certain Parcel of Ground in the said Parish, belonging to iVII-fanPortman, Esquire, heretofore Parcel of a certain Close called The Fifteen Acres., was committed) That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report to the Hoqfe j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once re?d throughout j and then It Second Time, One by One,) and, upon the Question feveraHy put thereupon, were agreed to by the

Ordered, That the Rill, with the Amendments, he ingmfibd.

Cmijove An yigFofled Bill for naturalizing Charles Auwl* t^ve an DefviADuval, was read the Third Time.

Nat.* P*foiv*4> Thft th.e Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Charles Henry Cayenne and Pfivid Duval.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Taunton Mr* Pfpkapt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Benjamin Hammet, Esquire, to *'"* lay oqt and build a new Street from Fore Street to the Church of Saint Mary within the Town of

Faunfpn, in the C°unty of j and to purchase

certain Lfrtds ancj Tenements for the Purposes aforesaid j and for veiling the present Lane leading to* the said Church, in him and his Heirs: And the same was received i and read the First Time.

Rejqhed, That the Bill he read a Second Time*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Anguijk and Mr. Peckell:

Mr. Speaker,

Tctbury The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, pa fled in SimonMHall Thirty-first Year of t|ie Reign of his late Majesty, 8.otdi- f0*- repairing and widening the Roads from to

the Gates on the West of , and

other Roads in the said Act mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Market House in Tetbury to the Turppike Road on Common* and from the said Road in Minchinhampton pntQ the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to , near Buoft Ash, and from the said Turnpijce Road to Taylpe't Mill Pond in Bottom, and through

Hide, to the Bottom of The Hill, in the County of Gloucesteriwithout any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Marine Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Forcei. tp resolve jtself into a Corrfrpittee of the whole House, upop the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

Apfl the said Order being read accordingly j

T}tc House resolved itl'elf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left thf Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Stephens reported from the- Committee, That ti}ey had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Mprning.

Member* Sir Philip Jennings Clerke presented to the House, ac-not'obe cording to Order, a Bill for restraining any Person, being a Member ^of the House of Common* Lom

‘ 20

being concerned bimfeif; or any Person in Trull for him; in any Contraft made by the Coinmidinnsrs of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Commi (lionets of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any ocher Person or Per, fons for the Public Service, onlels the said Contract shall be made at a public Bidding: And the dime was received j and read rht First Time.

Jie/ohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennighc, the Seventh Day of March next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Acciqet) Account of the Money and Annuities charged on the Blacky, Toils of Blackfriars Bridge, and now owing; together

With an Account of the Produce of the Tolls, and the Expence of supporting, lighting, and watching the said Bridge, from Michaelmas 1775 to Michaelmas *7/?; distinguishing each Year; and also, an Account of ttic Estates or other Funds let apart for the Maintenance of the said Bridge.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed ai in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " Relief of Debtors, with respect to the imprisonment " of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall

continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain

Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are men-’* tioned in the Act, to naake Discovery of, and.deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditort*

Benefit

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the principal Merchants and Tradesmen of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Belialf of themselves and other Merchants and Tradesmen of the said City and Liberty; and also the Petition of the principal Merchants and Tradesmen of the Borough of Southwark and County of Surrey, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants and Tradesmen of the said Borough and Countyj and also, the Petition of the principal Merchants and Tradesmen of the County of Middlesex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants and Tradesmen of the said County; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, Citizens, and Inhabitants, of the City of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

and also, the Petition of the principal Merchants and Tradesmen of the Parishes of S Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto sub-

feribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and o her Merchants and Tradesmen of the said Parishes) and also, the Petition of the principal Merchants and Tradesmen of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Glon-cefitr, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants and Tradesmen of the said Borough s and also, the Petition of the principal Merchants and Tradesmen of the Borough of Hertford, whose Names are thereunto fob-feribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants and Tradesmen of the said Borough, against the said Bill,) and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen,

Clergy, Officers, Manufacturers, Mariners, Soldiers, iSc. Isle. Prisoners for Debt in His Majesty’s Prison of The Fleet, in Favour of the said - Bill, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the principal

Merchants

ao Geo. III.

38V-290

Merchants and Tradesmen of Ac City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, for and on Hehalf of themselves and other Merchants and Tradesmen of the said City and Liberty; and also, the Petition of the principal Merchants and Tradesmen of the Borough of Southwark, and County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Be* half of themselves and other Merchants and Tradetmen of the said Borough and County; and also, the Petition of the principal Merchants and Tradesmen of the County of Middlejeu, whole Names are thereunto fub-frribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants and Tradesmen of the said Countyj and also, the Petition of the principal Merchants and Tradesmen of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist in the City of Westminster, in the County of Midd/efexf, whose Names are thereunto subscribed for and on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants and Tradesmen of the said Parishes, were heard.

And the Ccunfcl for the Petitioners in Favour of the Bill was also heard.

Ard then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to Withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve it it If into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, imprisomrent ' A Petition of the principal Merchants and Tradesmen »/Debtors, of tire Town of From, in the County of

whose Names are thereunto subscribed for and on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants and Tradesmen of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and representing to the H»use, That the Objects of the said Bill, as well as the Provisions thereof, appear to the Petitioners to be of -tnoft dangerous and destructive Tendency, not only to the Interests of the Petitioners, and other Individuals, but also most highly prejudicial to the Public Credit in general, if the same should be carried into a Law: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to adM«iw. rcf°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning, next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

j , The Order of the Day being read, for the House uPP,j* ref0|ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the M»nd°^ w^c House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an importing Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Henry Coin, the Seventh, or of any other Acts which prohibit the

kc* exporting, carrying, or conveying Coin out of this

Realm into Ireland; and so much of certain Acts made in Great Britain, which prohibit the Importation of Foreign Hops into Irelan, and which take off the Drawback upon Hops exported from Great Britain to Ireland', and to extend to His Majesty’s Subjects residing in Ireland, th? Privilege of being admitted into the Turkey Company, and to enable them to import into, and export from, Ireland, such Goods as may be imported Vot. 37.

Februarii.

into, or exported from Great Britain by Ac Mcr» chants of England trading to Tie Levant Seat.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Beauchamp took the Chair of the . Com* tnittce.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Beauchamp reported front the Cotkrolttat, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Mowing.

And then the House adjourned till To-marooir Morning, Ten of the Cock. 1 '

Marlis, 29* die Februarii;

Anno 200 Georgii III1'* Regis, 1780.

PrayxUs.

THE House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in laud, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order.

An Account of the Quantity of Corn imported into Account Scotlandlince the iftof January 177 distinguishing

the several Species of Grain and the several Years, and the Ports uito which the same have been imported*

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir John Palmer reported from the Committed to South whom the Bill for dividing and indoling the Open and' Kilworth Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf- Ldofure* tures. Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of South Kilworth, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that die Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that tlte Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee ( except the Proprietors of One Yard Land and a Quarter, who refused to lign the Bill; and that the whole Property of the Parties interested in the said Jn-closure, consists of 54 Yard Lands and Three Quarters; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Commit-t& had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Palmer reported from the Committee, to StvinfarA whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inctolwa, Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, within the

Manor

6$6 ^9* FebfuariL - 17So.

Manor and Parish of Swinford, in the County of ce/ler, was committed; that the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 35th of 1774, relative to Bills of

Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Commi tee hid examined the Allegations of the Bill, and lound the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee ( except the Proprietor of One Yard Landy who rcfuled to figr. the Bill;and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, confiHs of 5» . Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bdl, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally pur thereupon, were agreed to by. the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.'.-

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend so much

r<lLi;e'in an Att, pafod 'n the Sixteenth Year of His present

Turnpike- Majesty’s Reign, so continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to High gate and , and for several other Purposes in the said first-mentioned Act contained, as gives Power to erect or remove Turn-pikes or Toll Gates so far as relates to erecting or con-?-» tinning any Turnpike or Toll Gate in Inn

or-between the said Lane and tire new Road leading from IJlir.gton to Paddi, was read the Third

Time.

Refolded, That the Bili'do pass: And the Title be, -An Act to explain and amend so much of An Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading to

Gatehouse and Hampstead, and for several other Purposes

dn the said first-mentioned Act contained, as gives Power ito :er$dt or remove Turnpikes or Toll Gates, so far as relates to erecting or continuing any Turnpike or Tell Gate in Gray's Inn Lane, or between the said Lane and the new Road leading from to Paddington,

i Ordered. That Mr^Sah/Jburydocarry the Bill itp the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

> t , .

I . , ’ , »o

Walton i_ Sir Joseph Maw bey reported from the; Committee, to iSrcl"^ '* w^om die Petition of Michael Dicker , of the

City of Exeter, Esquire, was referred; that the Com--nuttee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him toTeporc the fame, as it appeared Jo them, to the Hioufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vizi

T.o prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his Miljeliy, King George the Second, for building a Bridge crois the River Thames from, Walton to Shepperton, was read; And, . , ‘

James Paine, Esquire, an Architefl, being examined, laid, That the Bridge.crols the River Thames at IB alum, hath been passable for Passengers several Years — That he has lately surveyed the lame, and finds, that from various Accidents it is become ruinous, and in a dangerous Condition, insomuch that it has become necessary to support the same by Props from the Bed of the i River — That the Timbers are in an actual State of De-

cay, and if the Props were to be taken away the Bridge would tumble down. And the Witness further said,

7

That it will be necessufy to take down the Three Arches over the River as low as the Piers, in order to rebuild or repair the said Bridge, so as to be safe for Passengers. — Then,

Mr. William Nichols, Agent to the Petitioner, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr.; and produced to your Committee, an Account of the Produce of the Tolls at the Bridge for the last Ten Years; by which it appears, that the same on an Average have produced £.302 17*. annually, and that the Disbursements on an Average for the same Time, for collect -ing the Tolls, Repairs, and other incidental Charges, amounted to £. 82 18 s. 2dannually, which reduces the neat Annual Produce to £. 219. 19*. iorf. — And the Witness being further examined, laid. That he was employed as a Carpenter in the Building of the said Bridge, which was begun in the Year 1747, and finished in 1751; That he has heard and believes the Building of the Bridge, and other Works appurtenant thereto, and the making the Roads and other incidental Expences, cost upwards of £. 12,000. Then,

Mr. Paine being again examined, said. That he has made Two different Plans for the rebuilding of the said Bridge; one of which is a Stone Bridge, which, by using the present Stone Piers, and dividing the great Arch into Two, lie estimates at about £.6,500; and the other is to rebuild it with Timber, dividing the great Arch into Two, upon a Stone Pier, and using the present Piers, which he estimates at about £. 2,800. — That he has sub-

mitted these Plans to the Consideration of the Petitioner the Proprietor; who believing that the Tolls necessary to be raised to carry the Plan for rebuilding the Bridge with Stone into Execution, will be too burthensome for the neighbourhood has it now in Contemplation; to carry the Plan for rebuilding the Bridge with Wood into Execution. And he further added, That if the Bridge was to be entirely rebuilt upon the last mentioned Plan, without the Assistance of the present Works, it would cost upwards of £. 6,000.

Then Mr. David Barclay being examined, said, That it is proposed to reduce the Tolls in some respects, and to increase them in others, and to make them payable for every Time of passing the Bridge, instead of Once a Day, as authorized by the Act; and that it is intended to make the Tolls confident with the Tulls levied upon the different Bridges on the River. And he further said.

That the Tolls now taken at the Bridge, are not equal

10 the Tolls taken at Hampton Co, ,or

Bridges.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of-his late Majesty King the

Second, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge cross " the River Thames from the Parish of Walton upon " Thames, in the County of Surrey, to Shepperton, in

" the County of Middlesex And that Sir Joseph Maw hey, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Wood, and Mr. Alderman Wilkes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to Tittup’s fun whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Road from to Tiltups' Inn, in the Parish of Horsley, to join the Turn-pike Road leading from Cirencejltr to Dudbridge, at or near Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough; and frdm

the Bridge at Nailsworth, in the Parish of Averting, to the Turnpike Road upon Minchinhamfton Common; and from the said Bridge, by Hawcombe and Iron Mill Hill, up The Well Hill, to the said last mentioned Turnpike Road, all in the County of Gloucejle, was committed j and to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Tetbury, and Parishes of Horsley, Averting, and Village of Naijworth, in the county of;

and also the Petition of several of the Proprietors of Houses and Lands, and other Persons affected by the

Bill

20 Geo. Ilf. 290 February. 637

hili now depending in the Flonfe, f.«r making and maintaining a I load from 77ltu[>'s Inn, in the Farith of Hor-/Ivy, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cir.ncester 10 DndbriJ^e, in the Farish of RvJborough, and other Foads therein mention,d, in the County of Glorcesler, and also the Fetieion of the acting TruRees for the Turn; ike ha;.d waiting iro:n Cheiucjlvr to the Town l Stroud and th t Fart oi Rodboroiwh HiU which leads

o

to Dv;i’j- -'hr, and ctlu-r hi > acts belongin'* to the said Turnpike, w. re t-veruly ref-nej; 'IT.at the Con.mitive had comiidm .*<; the Two lait-mcnlioned Petitions, no Pedo.i ui»j)0.irin>_ on Behalf of the fiifl mentioned Petition; and ,*.Jiat die Committee had examined the Allegation* of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto ;which they had directed him to ic^iort to the House; and he read the Report in ids Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and ti.cn a Second Time. One by One; and, upon the Quefli >n Jew rally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to, and the rest wc.c agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was ofic.cd to be added to the Bill, directing, That but One Hoad Iliad be used through Mr. IVebb's Land.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Oukiww Mr. Sturt reported from the Committee, to whom l.mc the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are vo thereunto Itiblcribed, being Trustees appointed for put* *,n^fler» ting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the HwdL Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdown Gate in Pop ham , to the City of Winchtfitr, and from the said City, through Hurjley,

to Chandler's Ford, and from Hurjley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through RingxvooJ, in the County of

ton, to Long ham Bridge and IVinborne Minster, in the County of Dorset; and all'o, of an Act of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the said former Act, and for amending and widening the Read between Ringvaood Gate, in the County of Southampton, to Wooljlridgeand from thence to the

Great Western Road between a Place called Thick Thorn and Cashmore Inn, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th 1774, relative to Turn-

Vol. 37.

pike Bills, had been complied with: and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he lead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it'm at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followerh; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, thf laid Acts were rea l: And,

Mr. IVillta,n Lear being examined, said, that the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts m Execution, have proceeded in the fame, with respect to the Fifth Division of Road from fVooJbridge, through Horton, to the Great

WesterQ Road between a Place called Thick Thorn and Cashmore Inn, and have borrowed a considerable- Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls of the said Road; which still remains due, and cannot be repaid; nor the said Road eft'eftually repaired, uflless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts arc extended and enlarged, and the said Acts amended and made more cfl'eftual with respect to the said Fifth Distsift of Road.' *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, one nude in the T hirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty* for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties ot Southampton and and the other made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend the said former Act, and for amending ami widening the - Road between Gate, in the County of Southampton, to and from thence to the Great Western Road bet ween a Place called Thick Thorn and Cashmore Inn, so far as the said

Two Acts relate to the Fifth Division of Road directed to be repaired and widened by the said last mentioned Act: And that Mr. Sturt, Mr. George Pitt, and Mr.

Dehany, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur-luant to their Order,

An Account of extraordinary Services incurred, and Account*; paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 31st of January 1779 and the ill of February 1780, and not provided for by Parliament.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of £. 1,000,000, granted to His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurreQ, on Account of Military Services for the Year 1779,

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Tl?e said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

7Z

29°Februarii. :i A. 1780.

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 31st of January 1779 and the ift of February 1780, and not provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Warrants.

1779.

October 15.

Nov. 6.

*7-Dec. 9.

*5

<779-March 31.

May 19. June 9.

July 8. Sept. 28.

Feb. 3.

March 31

April 16. 28. AA/y 6.

*9-

9.

23-

y^/y 8.

Sept,8.

/V3.16.

March 4. April 16.

May 6. June 2.

9-

*7-

August Sept. 8. jFc^. 3.

March 3 1.

v-

To 77/0* Harley and Henry Drummond Esquires, in full of a Warrant

s.

for £. 352,705 1 is.yd. to be by them applied and inverted purchasing Spaniflt and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service

Majesty’s Forces in North America To D°, for D° Service - -

To D°, for D° Service -

To D°, for D# Service -To D\ for D° Service -To D°, for D° Service -

308,585

42»*54 212,287 2 5,000 2 5,000 25,000

the His 7

- 5 4 —

in

of

17

To Sir Wm James, Baronet, Abel Smith, John Roberts, and At-kitifon, Esquires, for Provisions delivered into His Majesty’s Store Houses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in North America -

To D°, for D° Service -

To D°, for D° Service - -

To I)®, for D* Service -

To D°, for D* Service -

To D°, for L)° delivered into Store Houses at

and elsewhere in the River Thames, for the Use of the Forces serving in Canada -To Sir WmJames, Baronet, . Abel Smith,

and Richard Atkinfoii, Esquires, for Provisions delivered at Quebec, for the Use of the Forces serving in Canada -

To Sir Geo. Wombwell, Baronet, Jn« Henniker, and

IV» Devalues, upon Account, for Provisions delivered into His Majesty’s Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in North America -To D°, for D: Service -

To P°, for D° Service -

1o D\ for D° Service -

To D°, for D° Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke To D°, for D® Service -

To D°, for D° Service -

'lb D", for D° Service -

To D", for 1)° Service -

To D°, for D® Service - - - *

lb D°, for D® Service -

I’o D’, for D" Service - -

To D®, for D° Service -

'lb D", upon Account -

To John Durand, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into 11 is Majesty’s Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in North America - -

To D°, for D° Service -

To D°, for D® lo D®, for D" 'lb D®, for D® To D®, for D® To D", for D® To D°, for D" 'lb D®, for D*

Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

Sen’ice

'lb D", upon Account -

To Rob‘Mayne, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into

His Majesty’s Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in North America To D°, for D° Service -

'lb D", for D" Service -

41,030 18 10

2 1,640 — 11

40.453 1 —

4,612 *7 —

8,748 *4 5

I 5,000 — —

8,926 7 S

4,202 7 4

7.385 — —

9.601 *3 4

12,050 10 7

i3>&49 11 4

15>535 11 6

13,029 4 6

5,981 *4 6

9.544 »5 10

4.587 18 4

11,900 5 10

2,085 8 4

6,256 5 —

6,017 *9 IO

770 ‘7 8

*3»7°°

4.050 6 4

10*5 8 10

7,023 to 6

5.7oo — 3

2»977 *4 8

I*593 7 6

3.3*7 10

2,808 *5 —

2,297 *4 1

7.^75 ' 1 ‘

7.53o *9 2

>72* 7 6

*9.842 2

638,027

2 —

To

zo Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants,

2 90 Februarii.

1779.

April

July 28. Sept. 8.

Feb.3.

March April 16. June 9.

Feb. 3.

March 4. 3'*

April 16.

28.

June 2. 9* 2.3-

y«/y 2S.

Drr. 27. 3-

*7-

March 10.

April 28. May 6. 9.

23*

jWy 8.

16.

2S.

0,57. 1

Sept. 8.

To Rob'Maync, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into

His Majdiy’s Stores at Corke for the Use of the Forces

serving in North America.

To D% for D° Service - -

To D", for D* Service - - - - . *

To Am*Bacon, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into His Majesty’s Stoies at for the Use of the

Forces serving in North America - - .

To D°, for D® Service - -

To D°, for D" Service -

To DJ, for D° Service -

To D°, for D° Service -

To Arnold Nesbit, Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks, Esquires, on Account, for Provisions delivered into, His Majesty’s Stores at Corkt -

To D®, for D® Service - -

To D°, for ID® Service -

To i)°, for D® Service - —

To D®, for D® Service -

To tire lleprelentatives of Arnold Adam Drum-

mond, and M<Jcs Franks, Esquires, for D® Service To D®, for D° Service -

To D", for D® Service -

To D\ for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D°, for D® Service -

To L>°, for D® Service - -

ToD", for D® Service - -

To 13°, for D® Service - -

To D", for D® Service -

To Adam Drummond, Moses Franks, and John Nesbitt, Esquires, on Account of their Contract, for Provisions delivered into Stoies at Corkt, for the Use of the Forces serving at New York and its Dependencies, Georgia, and East Florida - -

To D®, for D® Service -

To Benj.Smith, IF"1 Fitzhugh, and Simon Halliday, Ef-

quires, on Account, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in North America -

To D®, for Provisions delivered in Stores at Corke for D® Service - - -

To D° To D", To D®, To D®, To D®,

for D" for D® for D° for D®

To D®, for D® To D®, for D°

Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

Feb. 3.

March 4. 19.

April26.

June 2?.

\T

Ol. 37.

To 77/os Haslewood, Esquire, on Account of his Contract for delivering Provisions into Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving at New York and its Dependencies, Georgia, and East and West Florida -

’To Render Majon and John Esquires, on

Account of their Contract, for D® Service . -To Ja* Bogle French, Esquire, on Account of his Contract lor D® Service -

To Benj. Smith, Wm Fitzhugh, and Ja* Esquires,

on Account of their Contract, for D® Service -To John Stepkenfon and John Blackburn, Esquires, for Provisions issued to the Forces in Nova Scotia, and Garrison of Placentia, in Newfoundland, between the 30th of September anil 1 December 1778 To D°, for Provisions issued to the Forces in Nova Scotia and Newfoundland, between 24th December 1777 and 2 June 1778 -

To D°, for Provisions issued to the Forces at St. John's, Newfoundland, between 29th October and 23d December 1778 -

To D°, in Part of£. 25,555 6r. 5<7. for Provisions issued to the Forces in Nova Scotia, between 9th September 1778 and 26th of January *779 -To D®, unon Account - -

£ s. d.

7 >53° l7 . 4

116 4 —

.7^75 T ' ' * -

6,832 10 2

7»3°3 10 6

i3»934 14 11

6,720 6 10

1,960 11 6

3,102 17 2

8,099 11 8

9*444 3 4

j 1,220 !4 2

6,162 16 —

12,082 >7 6

7.319 t 8

o,934 *5 —

9.915 18 4

4.17° 16 8

1.733 4 —

14,838 3 6

10,655 — 10

9»361 1 8

1,910 16 3

13,700

20,305 >5 7

10,000

>9,i 93 6 10

4,176 8 11

11,683 5 4

12,791 >4 6

7>453

1,95° — —

9,96* il —

59 7 6

2,250 — —

4,500

a, 100 —

10,000 — —

157 10 — 874 16 10 7S1 s. 6

12.500 -

12.500 ----- t I

To

290 Febru

640

Dates of Warrants.’

A. 1780.

1779*

Sept. 8.

October 15.

21.

Dec. 27.

."Ma'ch i.

July 8.

August 4.

S:pt. t.

Dec. 3. July 8.

August 25. %>' 3-

October 12.

i'V.7. 16.

To Stephetfon and 3M# Blackburn, Esquires, for

Provisions issued to the Forces at St. John's, foundland, between 13 May and 25 June 1779 To D*, for Provisions issued to the Forces in Nova Scotia, between 27 January and 20 April 1779 To D*, for Provisions issued to the Forces at Placentia in Newfoundland, between the 3d of March and 1 June 1779 -

To D°, for Provisions issued to the Forces at St. John', and its Dependencies, in Newfoundland, between the 26th June and 4th November 1779; and for D8 issued to the Garrison of Placentia in D°, between 2d June and 5th October 1779 -To D°, for Provisions issued to the Forces at Halifax, by Order of Lieut. Col. Bruce To D*, for Provisions issued to the Forces at Halifax, from 8 September to 5 October 1779 -

To Jn° Stephenson and Jtf Blackburn, Esquires, for victualling the armed Sloop Catherine, at Pensacola, 31 May 1778; for D° issued to the Forces there, between 25 June and 24 1778; for Three

Months Provisions for the Life of the Ship Sylph, shipped on board the Catherine, and loft in the River Mississippi; and for victualling the Civil Branch of Ordnance, between ift of April and 30th September 1778 - -

To D*, for Provisions issued to the Forces at Pensacola ——

To D°, for Provisions damaged by Wind; for D8, issued between the '25 October 1777 and 16th March 1779; for D", issued between the 12th May and 24 December 1778; for D8, loft in the River Mississippi; for D% issued between 24 June 1778 and 23 February 1779; for D°, issued between 25 October and 24 December 1778; for D°, issued between 25 December 1778 and 23d February 1779; and for D°, condemned at Pensacola - -

To D°, for Provisions supplied J. Surgeon to

the Hospital, between the ^$ December 1777 and 24 December 1778, and for Provisions issued to the Forces at Pensacola and Mobi/le, between 25th of February and April 1779 - -

To D°, on Account, for Provisions delivered at Deptford, and elsewhere in the River Thames, for the Use of the Forces fciving in West Florida To Ditto, upon Account -To Fender Mason, Esquire, for Provisions issued to the Forces in the Garrison of St. to 23 February

1779; for Provisions issued to the Out Polls dependant on the said Garrison, from 25 December 1778 to 23 February 1779; an(l for D8 condemned at St. Augujiine ,between 14th of May 1778 and 23 February 1779 -

To Ditto, upon Account -

To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Forces at St. -gujline, between 25 Augujland 24 October 1778; for Privisions issued to the Out Polls dependant on the fj)id Garrison, between the said Time; and for Provisions iffv.cd to the armed Vessels in His Majesty’s Service, between the said Time -To Ditto, upon Account ....

To D°, for Provisions issued to the Forces in the Gar* rilon of St. Augujiine, between the 24 February and 24

June 1779; and for Provisions issued to the Out Polls dependant on the said Garrison, between the said Time -

To John Durand, Esquire, for Provisions shipped to the lllands of St. Vincent and Tobago, and issued in the Wand of Grenada; and for Provisions condemned there -

£ > e.

600 18 I 9,064 IO II

206 I 3

2,28 5 17 6

6,17^ 9 8

2,686 1 1

3,862 6 5

964 15 2

8,449 2

2,887 5 9

4,500-----

12,603 13 11

5,503 10 3

3,000-----

4,095 5 7

8,oco-----

8,435 *4 950 16 7

To

39° Februarii.

20 Geo. IIL

Dates of Warrants.

*779 March 31

To jW# Durand, Esquire, for Provisions deposited in Stores in the Islands of Dominica and Tobago, between the 13 Jum 1777 and 25 April 1778 - - 2,257 x9 7

To Ditto, in foil Payment of the sum of £. 1,079.

15X. 8 d.for Provisions issued in the Ceded - . 79 15 8

To Ditto, in full of the Sum of 7,807. 2. 2. for

D° Service - - - 807 2 2

Nov. 11. To Ditto, for Provisions issued in the Ceded I [lands, between the 20th August 1777 and 26 Mav 1778 . - 2,763 — 3

To AnC Bacon, Esquire, on Account for Provisions dc- , livered into His Majesty’s Storehouses at Deptford, and el few lie re in the ltiver Thames, for the Use of (he Forces serving in the tVefi Indies - - . - 7,000 — - — To Ditto, for Ditto Service ----- 13,228

August

20.

OToker 15.

17 .8

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the

Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, 8cc. apply the Sum voted upon Eftiniate 1779, for

803,190 13 '5I

that Service Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Forces in the Ceded ljlands, apply the Sum voted upon D' - - . - -

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Foreign Troops serving in North America, apply the Sum voted upon D Alio the Sum flopped for Provisions delivered to the said Forces between 2 $ December 1777 and 24 June

1778, Information of which was not received in Time at the Pay Office, to be inserted in the Account of Extraordinaries ending 3t

72,095.----

17>684 5 —

- 48,868 3

January 1779 D* for Provisions delivered to D° between 25 June 1778 and 24 December following D’for Provisions delivered to D° between 25 December 1778 and 24 June

>779

18,956 6 it

72,814

11

8*

- 71,364 7 6J

-173»>35 6 *5

X779-

.311,78a 14 ii|

Feb. 15. To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for Freight of sundry Ships, employed in carrying Provisions and Stores to North America, for the Use

of the Forces there To D°, for D° Service To D°, for D° Service. To D\ f or D°

To D\ for D*

March 19. To D*, for D°

To D\ for D°

To D°, for D° Service To D°, for D° Service To D", for D®

To D% for D°

April 23. To D°, for D°

To D°, for D°

To D°, for D®

To D% for D°

To D°, for'D®

To D°,.for D° Service To D®, for D° Service To D°, for D° Service To D®, for D° Service ai. To D*> for D® Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

May 7.

",295

1,125

1,875

456

7,981

6,169

4,090

4,386

*,475'

1,283

4.225 8,472

2.225 475

*,53* 8 33 lz>5t3 3>9° 4 2,34° 1,518 18,892

H

7

4

*5

4

1

11

*9

*3

*3

7

7 11 18 18 16 13

8

8

7

1

5

10

4

1

6

8

9

4

7

4

1

2 10 10

.641

491,407 it 6i

V©L.

37-

8 A

To

6+t

Dates of Warrants.

*779-

June ii.

*9* Fibruarii.

A. 1780.

To Messrs. Mure, Son, and for Freight of

sundry Ships, employed in carrying Provisions and Stores to jVorrA America, for the Use of the Forces there

To D®, for D® Service

To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for Dc Service July 20. To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D* Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service August 16. To D®, for D® Service To D°, for D* Service To D®, for D* Service To D®, for D® Service Sept. 14. To D®, for D* Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service Tp D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service October 29. To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for Da Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service Nov. 26. To D®, for D" Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service Dec. 23. To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D°, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D* Service

1780.

Jan. 25.

*779-

To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D", for D® Service To D®, for D® Service

436

2,294

*>473

1,125

9,686 12,086

IS

14

7

11

6

2

4

7

11

9

m 2,858 9 9

- *,475 11 1

- 2,610 *3 5

- 2,565 2 2

- 1,889 3 4

- 833 11 4

- 3,604 1 3

- i.53i 7 7

- 3,121 14 8

1,023 17 7

- 1,518 13 10

- 5,150 18 5

- 962 4 5

864 18 5

- *»554 3 4

- 1,915 18 3

- 880 10 3

216 19 1

- 456 15 ~

*7»I54 4 3

- 2,490 16 2

- 1,092 7 JO

- 2,052 6 7

* 2,565 a 2

1,658 18 3

42,835 11 10

3,087 12 7

1,446 19 8

1,150 15 1

596 6 3

833 n 4

8,99a 1 5

9*9 6 8

47S — 5

37* 7 *

419 19 1

4.575 13 11

Cannon shipped for Corke,

visions and Stores to North America Atiguft 16. To D®, for the Amount of fiindry-Transports

2,244 — 12,991 17

4

7

Feb. 15. March 19.

May 7. August 16. Sept. 14. Ncv. 26. Dec. 23.

Feb. 13.

To Melfrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for the Value of Three Ships taken in carrying Oats to North America - - 3,207 17 5

To D®, for the Value of the Ship William and Ann, taken by the Rebels in carrying Provisions to North America - 1,814 16 2

To D®, for the Value of Four Oat Ships taken by the

Enemy - 4,933 15 it

To U®, for the Value of Two Ships, which were taken by the Enemy ----- 8,467 — 4

To D°, for the Value of the Ship Meredith, taken by the Enemy ----- 1,475 13 a

To D®, for the Value of the Maria Transport, taken by the Enemy - - - - 3>542 7 1

To D®, for the Value of Two Ships taken by the

Enemy - -- -- - 4,825 19 9

To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for thfc Hire and Maintenance of extra Seamen, put on board sundry Ships employed in carrying Provisions and Stores to North America, for the Use of the Forces there ----- 11,265 11 a

*71.973 10

*5^35 *7

11

30,272 9

10

20 Geo. III.

29® Febru

643

Dates of Warrants.

*779-

April 23.

19.

7-

21.

y«/y 20. ' A iipuft 16.

S-.pt. 14. October 2 9.

Da. 23. 1780.

7-i«. 25.

’ 779-March 19.

To Messrs. A/ttrr, Son, and for the Hire

and Maintenance of extra Seamen, put on board lundry Ships employed in carrying Provisions and Stores to North-America, for the Use of the Forces

tli ere -

To I)0, for D® Service -

To D®, ‘or D# Sendee -

To D°, for D" Service -

To D®, for D° Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D", for D® Service -

To D°, for D° Service -

To D°j for D® Service -

To D®, for D* Service - -

10,903 5»56 4 7*749 8,562 12,799 8,128

7*345

6,002

5,267

16

7

10

*3

12

3

19

7

6

8

n

6

9

7

4

5

10

10,119 >4 8

To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for Camp Equipage, Materials for Clothing, and other Stores, shipped for the Use of the Forces in North

9 4 11

4

2

America -

April 29. To D®, for D° sent to Quebec for D® Service - -

To D®, for Oats lent to North America - - *

August 31. To D°, for Naval Stores sent to Canada - - *

Sept. 14. To D*, for Oats font to North America -

October 29. To D\ for D° Service

Dec. 23. To D°, for D® Service -

March 5. To Thor Barley, Esquire, for Plankets and Stockings

provided for the Ufo of the Forces in North America 12,362

42»904

9,232

6,198

12,863

9*737

9*339

S.877

To D®, for D* Service -

To D®, for Materials for Clothing sent to North America ——

To D°, for Blankets font to North , for the Ufo

of the Forces there - -

To Rob'Knox, Esquire, for Presents for Indians bordering on the Colonies in North America -To D®, for Pork sent to in West Florida, for the

Service of the Indians there -

To D°, for Presents for Indians bordering on the Colonies in North America - -

To D®, for Prefonts for Indians in West Florida To Rich!1 Cumberland, Esquire, for Presents for Indians

at Nova Scotia -

To John Trotter, Esquire, for Hospital Stores, for the Use of the Army in Canada - - - »

To D®, for providing Stores for the General Hospital in North America, in the Year 1779 - - - *

To D®, for providing Stores for the Use of the Hospital to be established at Georgia -To D°, for providing Hospital Bedding for the Ufo of the Hospitals in West Florida, for the Year 1779 To Captain Tho‘ Hutchins, for Charges incurred in the Engineers Department in West Florida To Lieut. Wm Stezvart, being His Majesty's Bounty for the Lots of the Ufo of his Leg in the To Lieut. Ambrose Ruj, for the Cure of a Wound he received at Fort Montgomery, on the 6th of QSo-her j 777 -

10. To Lient. General Gage, to enable him to pay the Value of a Ship and her Cargo, taken for the Service of the Army at Bo/lort, in the Year 1775 - ’ -26. To Joseph Scott, Esquire, in lull Satisfaction 'and Discharge of all Demands for Provisions and Provender for the Forces in North America April 12. To Captain Rich'1 Baily, in full Compensation of fbndry Expences incurred by him, in superintending the Embarkation of Parties, Camp Equipage, Clothing, and Stores, for the Army in North America, from 11 th March 1778 to 10 March 1779 - -

15. To Ann Campbell, being Hi's Majesty’s Bounty for her-self and Child, in Consideration of the Loss of her Hu (band - -

June 3. To Captain Rob* Pringle for reimbursing Labourers and Artificers, employed at St. John's Newfoundland,

3l-

April 26.

Dec. 18. May 7. June 3. August 16 October 22.

April 50. October 6.

Nov. 17.

Feb. S.

17

March 4.

».7»9

*4

16

2

18

II

*3

18

5

9

it

6,150 3 1

3*5*4 7 *

15,265

*893

9*997

5*9*4

13 Si x 9

i5

9

9

4 91 11 2 387 19 10

6,207 6 H

2*49° 3 7.1

668 4 8

3*5 5 4 262 10 4

60 —

*> - 1

2,156 3, 6

>57 >5 6

413 >3 4

Vol. 37.

9>7°9 3 16

and

290 Februa.

644

Date* of Warrant*.

,1779-

3W II.

July 8.

>5-

August 20. Sept. to.

*7*

£8.

October 14.

.Mv. 17.

Dee. io.

*7-

1780,

s.

+ *779*

March 26.

August 20. 11.

October 22.

and for Clothing, while they were doing Duty as Soldiers, without Pay -

To Ants Bacon, Esquire, for Coals lent to North America, for the Use of the Forces there To Ja' Hughes, Esquire, on Account of a Contract made by Jacob Jordan, Esquire, with General lor

the Service of a Provision Train for the Army under his Command in the Year 1777 -To Robert Adair, Esquire, upon Account, for sundry

Stores that are to be lent to New York and Georgia, for the Use of the Hospitals there -To Lieut. Wm Richardson, being His Majesty's Bounty for the Loss of the Use of his Arm in Action at Saratoga in America, 19 October 1777 -To Patrick Tonyn, Esquire, Governor of Florida, for keeping up a Schooner for the Service of that Province for One Year, to 29 Augnjt 1780 To Captain Michael Jacob, of the 64th Regiment of Foot, for the Expence attending the Cure of the Wounds he received in the Action at Brandewine in North America, the 1 ith September 1777 To Lieut. Jn° Rowe, for the Expence attending the Cure of the Wounds he received at the Attack of the Rebels at Hubberton, in North America, 7 July

1777 - ’ - - - "

To Arch11 Rutherford, for the Expence attending the Cure of his Wounds received on the Expedition to Danbury, in North America, the 28 April 1779 To Kender Mason, Esquire, due to Mcfirs. Cuming, Jones, and Mason, for remitting Money to East Florida, between 25 December 1775 and 24 February

1778 ——

To Mary Stewart, being His Majesty’s Bounty for her-

self and Child, in Consideration of the Loss of her Husband - -

To Captain Henry Crawfurd, being His Majesty’s Bounty, for the Loss of his Leg at Bunker's Hill, the 17.June.177s- .- -

To Captain Jo* Gambler, for the Passage of Major General Robertson and his Suite, from Great Britain to , North America -

To Major General Vaughan, in Consideration of the LolTes he sustained by a Fire at New York, in July .1778 ' - -

To Sarah and Henry Addison, being His Majesty’s Bbunty, in Consideration of the Loss of their Father - -' -

Tp Major General Vaughan, for an Equipage as Commander in Chief in the Leeward a.r\& Charibbee Islands ’ in North America -To EdwJ Lewis, Esquire, for remitting Money to West Florida, from'25 December 1777 to 24 June 1779 -

3 °5 2 6

807 6 — .

,coo _ —

,800

156 6 4

4*7 5 —

59 10 —

5* 8 —

80 6 —

650 9 8

243 6 8

133 16 4

150-----

160-----

121 13 4

1,000----

706 17 — Re-

To the Landgrave of HeJJe CaJJel, in full for Levy Money for 960 . emits, furnished by him in the Year 1779 -

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by General Elliott, for Public Services - - - - 2,470 16 9

To D", for D’iiervice. - _ - - 2,147 5 4

To D°, for D°%crvice ... 10,600 ——

o D°, for D° Service - - - 5,380----

April 26. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Path Tonyn, Esquire, for Public Services - 13,266 15 —

To D°, for D° Service - - - . 6,743 3 4

To D°, for D° Service - 4,380 — 10

August 20. October 10.

April 26. To bills of Exchange, drawn by Rob' Gordon, Esquire,

20,798

24>389 19

for Public Services May 29. To D°, for D° Service August 20 To D°, for D° Service October 20. To D% for D* Service

5.000 — —

2.000 -- —

4,000 — - —

4.395 7 4i

A. 1780.

182,519 I

-J

6,93°-----

20 GeO.

Dates of Warrants.

1780.

Jan.

Ap26.

May 29. October 20.

III.

29° Februafiu

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Rob* Giordan, Esquire, for Public Services - - - 2,000 — —

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Lord Macartney, for Publi <» Services, ... 2,950 — —

To D8, for 1)" Service - 800 — —

To D8, for D8 Service - 15,750-----

April 26. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Fredk Haldimand, Esquire, for Public Services - 4*366 5 —

To D'8, for D° Service - - 2,250 — —

October 20. *780.

Jan. 12.

>77*

August 20. October 20. April 26. May 29. October 20.

April 26.

August20.

April 26.

Mav 29. August 20. October 20.

April 26.

August :o. October 20.

April 26.

October

May 29.

June 11. October 20. 1780.

Jan. 12.

May 29.

August 20. October 20.

1780.

Jan 12.

April 26.

To D*, for D* Service

18,566 5 ~

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Andrew , El-

quire, for Public Services 1*946 z

To D% for D* Service - - 400 — —

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by John Clarke, Esquire, for Public Services - - 1,350 5 zf

To D°, for D* Service - - 524 z 8

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by John Stuart, Esquire, for Public Services - 2,862 19 JO

To D8, for D° Service - - 1,191 5 2

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Jn° Campbell, Esquire,

for Public Services - - 5,000 -

To D°, fur D8 Service - - 2,456 14 6

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Valentine Morris, Esquire, for Public Services - 6,606 18 7

To D’, for D° Service - - 200----

To D", for D8 Service - - 3,908 — - 9

To D8, for D8 Service - - 510 — —

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Peter Chester, Esquire, f.,r Public Services - - 3,997 H 8

To I)8, lor D° Service -

To D’ for D8 Service

250-----

392----

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by lVm Newton, Esquire,

for Public Services - - 19,800-----

To D8, for D° Service - - - 20,193 15 —

ToD", for D8 Service - - - 14,793 —

To D ", for D" Service -

7,240----

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Ja‘ , Esquire,

for Public Services - - - 1,750-----

To D8, for D8 Service - - 300 — —

To 1)°, for D8 Service - - I,coo----

To D8, for D8 Service - - 300 — —

To D8, for D* Service -

834 210£

jau. 12.

*779-

ALiy 29.

June 11. V°L. 37.

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by W* Tryon, Esquire, for Public Services -ToD8,drawn by Esquire, for D8 397 11 4}

To D8, for D° Service - - >,432 15 1

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Josh Martin, Esquire, for Public Services -

To D°, drawn by Philip Ca, Esquire, for Public Services - -

To D°, drawn by Robert Pringle, Esquire, for Public Services - -

8 B

i7>395 7 47

i9>5°° " ~

25,182 lo —

2,346 2 71

1,87*4 7 IOi

4.654 5 —

7,456 *4 6

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by fV"‘ Faucitt, Esquire,

for Public Services - - - 510 — —

ToD8, for D° Service - - 2,910 7 2

To D°, for D8 Service - - 180 — —

11,224 19 4

3,600 7 2

4,639 14

62,027 10 —

4,184 3 10 £ 1,500----

1,830 6 si

5°°----

401 7 —

41 18 6

643

T«

64<5

29'

Dates of Warrants.

r779-

II.

ao.

1780.

Jan. 12.

1779.

August io.

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by David Esquire, for Public Services . -

To D®, drawn by Matthew Butt, Esquire, for Public Services - -

To D", drawn by John Dolling, Esquire, for D* - - - - 1.049 *6 $

63 19 — 683 16 5

To D®, for D® Service *

250 —

r

To D*, drawn by A. , Esquire, for Public

Services - -

October 20. To D®, drawn by Geo. Young, Esquire, for D" -To D®, drawn by The' Shirley, Esquire, for D® -

1,299 16 5

1,050----

626 15 10 200---- r

30,000 — —

Match 1. TorRob1 Haldane Bradshaw, Esquire, Deputy Pavmader in the West Indies, Cash paid him on Account of Pay and Extraordinaries of the Forces detached from New York, on an Expedition under the Command of Major General Grant, pursuant to Treasury Direction of 26 October 1778 -

Sept. 30. To a Bill of Exchange, drawn by him, on Account of Expences incurred for the Use of the Army under the Command of Major General Grant To D", for D® Service - -

To D®, for D® Service - - . - -

To D®, for D® Service - -

Otl.28. To D®,.for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D* Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

lb D®, for D® Service -

2.000 — —

3.000 -

3.000 -

3,500 -

14,800 — — 100 — —

3°o-----

601

33°

*5

18

9

9

March 4,

22. May 6.

19.

Juue 23.

May 19.

June 17. July 8. Sept. 8. Nov. 17.

12,000 — —

700 —

14

6

To the Representatives of the late Philip Funnereau, Esquire, and Sir Merrick Burrell, Baronet, for victualling the Forces in the Camion of Gibraltar, between 6th July and 25th <778

To D®, for Biils drawn on them by Governor Elliott, for irefh Prtvisions for Gibraltar -To the Kcprdentanvcs of the late Zachary Philip Fonne-reauy Esquire, and Sir Merrick Burrell, Baronet, for Insurance on Provisions issued to the Garrison of Gibraltar, between 29th September 1 777 and 25 OSieber

1778 inclusive....

To D°, for victualling the Forces in D*, between i3 January and 1^. March 1779 To D% for Insurance on Provisions issued to D°,between 26 October 1778 and 17 January 1779 To Sir Geo. lVcmbwelly Baronet, for victualling the Forces in the Garrison of Gibraltar > between 1 Sth January and 14th March 1779 - -

To D°, to compleat £. 21,000 Advance on the Gibraltar Contract -

To D\ for victualling the Forces in the Garrison of Gibraltar, between 15 March and 11 April 1779 -To D°, for victualling the Forces in D% between the 12 of April and 6 of June 1779 To D°, for victualling the Forces in D°, between 7 June and July 1779 -

2,798

G575 1.071

8,635 14 6

10,500-----

4,299 2 — -

8,61 o 2 6

4,413 6 —

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the British Regiments at Gibraltar, apply the Sum voted upon Estimate 1779, for that Service 22,816 6 —

Also the SumvoteduponE{limatei779, for the Foreign Regiments in that Garrison - 9,564 *7 1

54,601 12

32.381 3 1

Feb. 3. To Cm Browne, Esquire, on Account of his Con trad for Provisions sent

by him for victualling the Forces in Senegambia Mirth:16. To D". for D° shipped for the Forces in D®

April29. To Sam1 Smith, Esquire, for victualling the Forces in D* July8. To Geo.Browne, Esquire, for Provisions sent by him for the Forces in D°

i,cco-----

1,448 8 9

3,500-----

1,000-----

A. 1780.

116,8;* -j 3}

57,632 14 6

22.220 8 11

&EO, III,

39° Fekrttarii.

Pate* of Warrant*

17 7 9-

Aug lift 40.

i><\ 27.

To Meffn. Dennison and C‘, for Provisions and Stored furniOiedfor the Garrison of Fort in the River

Gambia ——

To Geo. Browne, Esquire, for sundry Articles of Provisioqs flipped for the Service of the Forces at Gone , ' -

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the £orps in Africa, apply the Sum voted upon Estimate 177 9, for that Service -

204 1 iof

1.05533

9,207 13 iof

2,321 14 10

June 17.

April 28.

Sept. 28.

October 21. April 28.

Sept. 28.

Qflober 21.

June 1.

August 25. Cttvber 1 2. 21.

Nov. 6.

>7-

Jan. 25.

Fe5.

March 1 5.

To.77/0 Harley, Esquire, upon Account, for Provisions lent by him for the Supply of the Garrison of Minorca To Henry Build. Gentleman, for keeping up Provisions Island of Jersey - -

To D®, for D° Service -

To lVm Budd, Gentleman, for D* Service To D®, for D’ Service -

To Henry Budd, Gentleman, for keeping up Provisions

in Store for the Island of Guernsey - - - 313 — 4

To D®, for D® Service - - - - 313 — 4

To lV,a Budd, Gentleman, for D® Service - - 1,453 13 4

To D®, for D* Service - - *- - - 300-----

in Store for the 313 — 4 3t3 — + 1.453 *3 4

300-----

To John Maton, Esquire, by Way of Advance, on his Com raft f. r supplying Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, to the Forces encamped in the Summer

*779....

To D®, in further Advance -

To D®, in further Advance -

in further Advance -

in further Advance -

in further Advance -

To D' To D To D

20.000 — —

20.000 — —

10.000 — — -

5.000 -

5,oco-----

5.000 -

26. 29. April 30.

Dec. 1 o.

To Humph'-y Bland Gardiner and Ja’ Kempt, for Necefiaries for the Use

of the Forces in North Britain, and for the Charge of Oatmeal, and Money itlued to the Officers, &c.- - - 3.154 9 To Major General Rob1 Skene, for the 47th Year’s Allowance for repairing Roads and Bridges in North Britain - - 500 — — 1

To Sir J,r' Inf is. Baronet, and <Tho‘ Dnndafs, Esquire, Executor to the late Colonel Ja’ for Oatmeal, Firing, Candles, iAc. furnished to the Forces at Fort ITdiiam, Castle Duart, Fort Fort

George, and the Barracks of Bernera, Car-

gaff, and Braennar, the Out Ports stationed in their Neighbourhood, from 1 January 1778 to31 December following, b‘»th inclusive -To fVm Simpson, Esquire, for a Bill of Exchange drawn

by him as Cashier of the Royal Bank of Scotland To Sir Ja5Adolphus Oughton, for Disbursements in

North Britain -

To Major General Rob’- Skene, for superintending the Recruiting of the additional Companies in North Britain, and for Expences incurred in the Embarkation oi sundry Regiments, from 25 December 1777 to 24 June 177S - - - - 411194

To Humphry Bland Gardiner and Ja* Kempt, for Necessiaiies for the Use of the Forces in North Britain, and for the Charge of Oatmeal, and Money issued to the Officers ----- - 2,564

3»>92

2 86

9

5

300 —

8

Jan. 29.

229

11

Feb. 16.

Vo L.

-L- 37-

To Lieut. Governor IVempfs for Coals, Candles, £sV. for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, irom 1 October 1778 to 31 December following -

To E.B. dela Fontaine, Esquire, for D® for the additional Companies in the Savoy Barracks, between 24 June 1778 and 25 December following To John Rowell, Esquire, being His Majesty’s Propor-

tion of t,498- Chaldrons of Coals, for the Use of the Garrison or Gibraltar, front 6 February 1778 to 1 'November following - -

226 r

4.57°

8 6

6,885 19 -f

6,500----

4.759 *

65,000

10439 it I

Tp

648

29* Februafii.

Dates of Warrants.

17 79- . , .

Feb. 17. To Henry Hinder Jon, for Coals, Candles, for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks at Portsmouth

April 29. To Licuf. Governor Singleton, for D° for the Forces in

Land guard Fort, from 25 June 1778 to 24 December,

following -

May 11, To Captain Geo. Brifac, forD* provided for the Use of the Forces quartered in Chatham Barracks, from

5 October 1778 to 5 April 1779 -

20. To Lieut. Governor Wfor D* for the Forces ill

Edinburgh Castle, from 1 January to 31 of March

1779 4 -

To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, upon Account, to enable

him to provide Coals and Candles for the Forces in Plymouth Dock ——

To E. B. De la Fontaine*for supplying the additional Companies in the Savoy Barracks with D°, between 25 December 1778 and 24 1779.

0 Andrew Clinton, Esquire, for providing Coals and Candles for the Troops at Plymouth and St. Nicholas Ifl-nd, from 25 December 1778 to 24 June 1779 -Aug"Jly Tv) JoJhuaDarwin, Esquire, for providing D" for the Forces quartered in 7 Barracks, from 25 December 1,77 10 24 December 1778 - -

13. To Lieut. Governor IVfor D° for the Forces in Edinburgh Cattle, from 1 April to 30 June 1779 23. To the Earl of Darlington, for D* for the Forces in the Garison of CarlJle, from 25 December 1777 to 24 December 1778-

Sept. 1. To Andreav Clinton, Esquire, upon Account, to enable him to provide D® for the Forces at Plymouth Dock

To Tho*Be/?, Esquire, for providing D* for the Forces

June it.

July 8.

July 8.

Tr

8.

20.

in Dover Caftic, from 25 June 1778 to 24 June

i~7<4....

rJo Mfes Corbet, Esquire, for Candles for the Forces in jersey, from Ladx Day 1778 to Lady Day 1779 To D°, f<r Coals fur D°, from Lady Day 1 779 co Lady Day 1780

To Joshua Darwin, for providing Co ils and Candles for the Force > in Tinmonth Barracks, from 25th December 177# to 24 June 1779 October 1. To John rowel/, Esquire, being His Majesty’s Proportion of 654J Chaldron of Coals, for the Use of the Garrison of Gibraltar, between 27 December 1778 and 25 May 1779 -

To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for providing Coals Candles, &c. for ti e Forces in Landguard Fort, from 25 December 1778 to 24 June 1779 -

To Lieut. Governor IVemyfs, for providing Coals, Candles, tec. fot the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from I July to 30 September 1779 Nov. 11. To Captain Geo. BriJ'ac, for L)# for the Forces in Chatham Barracks, c3c. trom 5 April 1779 to 5 October following -

29. To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, upon Account, to enable him to provide D° for the Forces that are or may be in Pi) mouth Dock. -

Dec. 10. To Lieut. Governor Irving, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Troops at Guernsey, from 1 itli October 1777 to 9th October 1779 -

*4-

29.

286 14 7

162 18 u

i,79° 5 *P

239 9 —

500 -

242 17 1

5*5 9 9

164 14 1

199 9

78 8 —

500 -

871 1 CO

69 s — 1

1,200 I 11 1

8s 9 7i 1

r934 VO 04

167 9 — 1

219: 1 6 /

1,270 14 6

500----

1780.

6.

19.

To E. B. De la Fontaine, for supplying the additional Companies, 1$c. in the Savoy Barracks, with Coals and Candles, from 25 June 1779 to 24 December following - -

To Lieut. Governor IVemyfs, for providing Coals and Candles, cfSc. for the Use of the Forces quartered in Edinburgh Castle, trom 1 October to 31 December

U79 ' ....

To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, for providing Coals, Candles, and Utensils, ter the Troops at Plymouth and Si. Nicholas Island, from 23 June 1779 to 24 December following -

*>397 4

22 6 13

171 13 3

203

I$,02J 15 JO

To

A. 1780.

1

1

1

1

29* Februarii

20 Geo. III.

Dttcs of Wammtt.

1780.

March

»9-April 15.

3°-

*779-

April 30.

May 5.

June 9.

18.

August 13.

Vet. i5.

23-

*779-Jan. 1.

To Lieut. Gen. Carpenter, for Grass Money for the 4th Regiment of Dragoons, in the Summer 1778 -

To Lieut. Gen. Johnston, for D° for the 6th Regiment of D®, in D® Summer -To the Earl of Panmure, for D® for the 2d Regiment of D®, in D® Summer -

To Lieut. Gen. Geo. Viscount Townshend, for D® for the 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, in D® Summer -To Lieut. Gen. Elliott, ior D® for the 15th Regiment of Dragoons, in D° Summer -To Sir Jn° Mordaunt, for D® of the 10th Regiment of

D®, in D® Summer -

To Sir G. Howard, for D® for the 7th Regiment of D®, in D* Summer -

To Lieut. Gen. Burgoyne, for D'for the 16th Regiment of D®, in D* Summer -To General Elliott, for extra Feeding for Horses, and extra Allowance to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of a Detachment of Light Dragoons, employed in 1778 -

To Lieut. General John Jton, for Grass Money for the 1 ith Regiment of Dragoons, in the Summer 1778 -To the Earl of Pembroke, for D* of the I ft Regiment of D®, in D* Summer -

To Lord R' Manners, for D® for the 3d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, in D* Summer -To Sir G. Howard, for D® of the ift Regiment of D®, in D® Summer -

To Lieut. Gen. Fitzroy, for D® for the 3d Regiment of Dragoons, in Dj® Summer -To Sir Jn" Mor daunt,' {ox D' for the 10th Regiment of D®, in the Summer 1779 -

To Sir Henry Clinton, for D* for the 7th Regiment of D®, in D° Summer -

To Lieut. Gen. Burgoyne, for D* for the 16th Regiment of D°, in D® Summer -

540 — 6

528 — 9

766 i5 —

518 *5 11

862 6 —

496 5 9

CM VO 1 2

405 5 9

30 0 — —

766 15 —

S36 3 5

541 13 8

826 3 9

537 9 2{

622 18 —

622 18 —

957 Q —

To Major General Faucitt, for 270 Days additional Pay as Deputy Adjutant General, from 28th March 1778 to 24 December fol-

lowing

ttg. To Mefl'rs. Powell and Cooke, for the Pay of several supernumerary Officers of the Invalids, lately reduced, from 25 December 1777 to 24 December

.*778 - ....

To Major General Morrison, Quarter Master General, for Pay of his Two Assistants, from 25 December 1777 to 24 December 1778 -Feb. 8. To Roger Johnson, Esquire, for 183 Days Pay as Afftstant Commissary in America, {com 21 December 1778 to 20 December following -

12. To Colonel Sam1 Townfmd, for his Pay as Superinten-dant of the Recruiting Service, from 25 December 1777 to 24 December 1778 -

To Rob' Adair, Esquire, for 92 Days Pay, as Inspector General of the Dospitals, from 25 December 1777 to 24 March 1778, at 30 per Diem - 136 10 —

To D®, for 274 Days D®, from 24 March to 24th of December 1778, at 40J. per Diem -548 ——

405----

1,464 13 —

182 10 —

183 —

547 *° —

22.

March

10.

0I„ 37.

To Captain Jn° Money, for 183 Days Pay, as Deputy Quarter Master General under General Burgoyne, from 25 June to 24 December 1777 -

To Rod Gordon, Esquire, for 92 Days Pay, as Commissary at Corke, from 22d November 1778 to 21 February 1779 -

To Major Gen. Faucitt, for 92 Days Pay, as Commis-lary in Germany, from 3d November 1778 to 2d February 1779 -

To Isaac IVinflow Clarke, Gent, for 660 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in Canada, from 29 December 1776 to 20 October 1778 -

8 C

684 10 —

91 10 —

92----

460 — —

660 — —

10,374

8 ioj

T«

650

Dares of Warrants.

1779.

April 12.

20.

3°* May 5.

Afey 7.

>3-

18.

28.

9.

24.

5

20.

14.

20.

Oclobtr 13.

22.

2 90 Febrttarii.

A. 17

To Capt. Ricd Bailey, for 565 Days Pay, for superin-tending the Embarkation of Parties, Clothing, Camp Equipage, &c. of the Armies in North , from

11 March 1778 to 10 Mai% 1779 -To Dan1 Wier, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Com-

miflary in America, from 2d February 1778 to ift February 1779 -

To Jonathan Clarke, Gent, for 184 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in America, from 31 March 1778 to 30th September following -To Major General Rob' Skene, for 155 Days Pay, as Adjutant General in North Britain, from 25 December 17771° 28 May 1778 -

To Ja‘ Porteous, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Af-

fistant Commissary in America, from 1 April 1778 to r April 1779 - -

To Francis Rujhe Clarke, Esquire, for 180 Days Pay, as Inspector and Superintend ant of the Provision Train of Horses and Waggons in America, from 6

1778 to 3 April 1779 -

To Major General tVm Faucitt, for 89 Days Pay, as

Commissary in Germany, from 3d February 1779 to 2 May following -

To Colonel Jn» Burgoyne, for 184 Days Pay, as Commissary for mustering Foreign Troops in America, from 29 July 1778 to 29th January 1779 To Veter Patimier, Esquire, for 182 Days Pay, as De-

puty Commissary in America, from 3 October 1778 to 2d April 1779 -

To Fleetwood Parkhttrfl, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary in Canada, from zj May 1778 to 20 May 1779 -

To Rob1 Gordon, Esquire, for 89 Days Pay, as Commit! ary at Corke, from 2 2d February to 21 May

1779 - .

To Fred. Wm Hecht, Gent, for 180 Days Pay, as Affifrant Commissary in America, from 6 October 1778 to 3 April 1779 -

To Dr. R( Knox, for 262 Days Pay, as Physician and In'peitor of the Hospitals in Canada, from 23 December 1777 to 12th September 1778 -

To John Morrison, Esquire, for 181 Days Pay, as De-

puty Commissary in America, from 25 September 1778 to 24 March 1779 " -

To George Brindley, Esquire, 182 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary in America, from 4th October 1778 to , 3 April 1779 " -

To Nath1 Day, Esquire, for 253 Days Pay, asCommissary in Canada, from 21 September 1778 to 21 May

,>779 ....

To Colonel Jn°Burgoyne, for 181 Days Pay, as Commissary for mullering Foreign Troops in America, from 30 January to 29th July 1779 -

To Major General IV"Faucitt, for 92 Days Pay, as Commissary for mustering Foreign Troops in,

from 3d of May to 2d of August 1779 -

To Rod Gordon, Esquire, for 92 Days Pay, as Commissary at Corke, from ad of May to 21 of August

>779 - ....

To John Lamb, Esquire, for 9 Days Pay of the Commissioned Officers appointed to the 72 Regiment of Foot, from 16th to 24 December 1777, being previous to the Commencement of their Establishment -To Lieut. General Boyd, for 338 Days additional Pay, as Lieut. Governor of Gibraltar, from 1 January 1778 to 24 December following -To; Roger Jo/mjbn, Esquire, for 182 Days Pay, as Assist-

ant Commissary in America, from 21 December 1778 to 20 June 1779

To Jonathan Clarke, Esquire, for 181 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in America, from 1 October *778 to 30 March 1779 -

£. s. d. 182.10 —

730----

184----

232 10 —

3^ — T-

180-----

445 "

S68-----

273-----

547 10 —

89-----

to

Vol. 7

20 Geo. III.

29° Februarii.

Dates of Warrants.

1770.

October

To John Fenton, Esquire, for 181 Days. Pay, as Captain and Commander of and Mary Caps, in North

America, from 6th January to5 1779.' -

Nov. 17. To Lieut DaIrymple, Lieut. Henry BLuher, a®d Lieut.

Thoi Serle, for 82 Days Pay as Adjutants at during the Encampments, from 13 August 1758 to , 2d November following - - 1

Dfc. 7. To Jn9 MorriJ'on, Esquire, for 184 Days Pay, as De-

puty CommilTary in America, from 25 March to 24 June 1779 -

To if" Barter, Gentleman, for 175 Days Pay, as Assistant CommilTary in America, from 11 October 1778 to 3 April 1779 -1 - -

To Ma j.General lV‘n Faucitt, for 92 Days Pay, as CommilTary in Germany, from 3 to 2 November 1779 -

14* To Fleetwood Parkhurst, Esquire, for 194 Days. Pay, as Deputy CommilTary in America, from 21 May to 30 November"1779 -

To Nath1 Day, Esquire, 115 Days Pay, as CommilTary in Canada, from 1 June to 3 1779

To Jas Farquhafvu, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Affillant Commissary in Canada, from 19th

20.

-j’

1 77S to 18th September 1779 3 fui

1780.

To sundry General and Staff Officers in North America, for Pay for the respective Periods therein mentioned To John Drummond, Esquire, for 632 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary in Canada, from 2 April 1778 to 24 December 1779 -

To Isaac IVinJlow Clarke, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Assistant CommilTary in Canada, front 21 October 1778 to 20 October 1779 -

14.

25.

26.

29

f>5*

r;-

d.

i8t

I-

r.

d.

Jan. 6. To Mat. General Monifon, Quarter-master General, for the Pay of his Two Assistants, from 25 December 1778 to 24 December 1779 -To Rob1 Adair, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Inspec-

for General of the Hospitals, from 25 December 1778 to 24 December 1779 -

To George Brindley, Esquire, for 183 Days Pay, as Deputy CommiHary in America, from 4th April to 3 October following -

To Lieut. General IV"1 Amherst, for his additional Pay as Adjutant General for 56 Days, from 25 December 1778 to 18 th February 1779 To D% for D° as D% for 3-9 Days, from 19 February 1779 to 24 December following -To Lieut. General Jn° Burgoyne, for his Pay for the Year 177 6 - - - - *-

To 365 Days Allowance to Major Hay man Rooke, as Major to the late 98th Regment of Foot, to 24 ceniber 1779 -

To 365 Days Pay of Geo. Munro, Esquire, as Commis-. (ary of Stores in North America, to D* -To 365 Days Allowance to Lieut. Colonel Birch, in lieu of a Troop of Light Dragoons to D°

To 365 Days D°, to Major General Geo. Preston, in lieu of a Troop of Light Dragoons to D°

To 365 Days D’ to Admiral Nlontagu, as Governor of Newfoundland, to 14th March 1779 To One Year’s Allowance to Lewis Lochee, Esquire, being His Majesty’s Bounty for the Year 1779

49 4

276----

>75-----

460 — - —

291 — - —

2 3°----

365 — — 10,096 __

94S-----

363-----

182 10 —

730-----

274 10 —

112-----

1,236 — -

JjSii jo —

27315 —

182 10 — -

282

*7

282 17 6

547 10 —

100

9-

tcv. 24.

To Lieut. Col. Commandant L. F. Cary, for Subsistence of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of 89th Regiment of Foot, from the respective Dates of their Atteflations to the 18th last

29.

(exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment To the Earl of Harrington, for Subsistence of D" of the 83th Regiment of Foot, from D° to the 30th August last (eXclusive) the Commencement of their Establish-

ment ——

To Major Tho* Lifer, for Subsistence of D° of his Corps of Light Dragoons, from D° to September

931

— 8

1,096 8 6

3l>69a 5 7

last

651 290

Dates of Wamati.

I779w

Dr* 31.

1780.

6.

x779*

7u«. 25.

March 29.

April 9.

Afoy 12.

last (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establish-rhent -

To Sir Rgerton, Baronet, for Subsistence of the

Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of his Corps of Foot, from the respective Dates of their Attentions to 5 October last (exchifive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Colonel Tho5 Keating, for Subsistence of D° of the 88th Regiment of Foot, from D* to 12 last

(exclusive) the Commencement of their Establish-tnent -

I- * d-

47* *8 s

753 8 8

1,410 13 6

To Colonel AnP St. Leger, for Subfrftance of D9 of the 86th Regiment of Foot, from D° to 30th September last, the Commencement of their Establishment - *>349 —

To Earl Fanconberg, for Subsistence of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of his Regiment of Foot, from D° to 18th November last (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment - - 1,261 t 4

To MefTrs. Fitter and C#, to enable them to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 15th and 69th Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeons and Paymasters Allowances, from 25 December 1777 to 24 June 1778, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to the 15 th Regiment from D" to D" -To MefTrs. Anderson and C°, to enable them to reimburse £>® of the 42d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D*, from D® to D® - - »

To MefTrs. Meyrick, to enable them to reimburse D® of the 17th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D* to D°

To Lieut. Gen. Haviland, to enable him to reimburse D* of the 47th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D*, from D* to D®

To Edwd Bifshopp, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 5th and 29th Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D® -To Adam Wood, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 31 ft Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D° to D®, and for the Allowance of Bread Money for D® ....

To MefTrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D® of the 24th, 27th, and 38th Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -To MefTrs. Meyrick, to enable them to reimburse D* of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D®

To MefTrs. Hejfe, to enable them to reimburse D® of the 37th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D* to D® - -

To D°, to enable them to reimburse D® of D® Regiment, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25 December 1776 to 24 June 1777 ....

To MefTrs. Ross and Gray, to enable them to reimburse D° of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25 December 1777 to 24 1771

To John Lamb, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 72 Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made

for D®, from D® to D®....

To Edmd Armstrong, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 8th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®, and for the Allowance of Bread Money - -

To MelTrs. Meyricks, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25 June 1778 to 24 December following -To Jn° Lamb, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 7 2d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D° to D®

215 4 8 165 13 6

96 6 10

96~ 6 10 242 16 6

*37 5

289 — 6

1,200 12 11

99 18 2

96 6 10

2,367 15 —

*37 *0 9

421 3 7

1,275 10 ro

*37 10 7

A. 1780.

£ s. I

7>*73 *3 *

290 Februarii.

ift

20 Geo. IIL

Dates of Warrants,

to.

October to.

Vojl-, j j;

1779.

May 12. To Messrs. Bifshopp and C®, to enable them to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeons and Paymasters Allowances from 2$ June 1778 to *4 December following -

To Josiah Handfard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D®of the 17th and 45th Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D° to D°

To Messrs. Ross and to enable them to reimburse D’ of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D*, from D® to D®

To D° for Bread Money to Recruiting Parties, and Recruits belonging to sundry Regiments, in the Year 1778

To D®, for D® to D°, in the Year 1778 -

To Messrs. Gray and for D° to the 3 5th Regiment of Foot, in the Year 1778 -

zS. To Ed?):1 Armfirong, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 8th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeons and Paymasters Allowances, from 25 June 1778 to 24 December following .....- -

June 24. To Messrs. Cox and to enable them to reimburse

D" of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25 December 1777 to 24 June 1779 ToB®, to enable them to reimburse D" of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25 June to 24 December i 778 -

July x. To EdvA Bifshopp, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D* of the 5th and 29 Regiments of D®, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®

30. ToMefTrs. Fitter and C®, to enable them to reimburse D* of the 15th and 69th Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®

August $. To A. Wood) Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the 31st Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D" to D®, and for their Allowance of Bread Money -

1 To Messrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D° to D®, and for the Allowance of Bread Money for the Years 1776, 1777, and

1778 -....."

To Messrs. Meyrick for Bread Money for the 75th Regiment of Foot, and to sundry Parties of Recruits belonging to several Regiments in Barracks To Messrs. Anderson and C®, to enable them to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 42d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymasters Allowances from 25th June to 24 December 1778, and for the Allowance of Bread Money from D° to D®

To Fountain Elwitt, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 70th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -Sept. 1. To Messrs. Bifshopp and C®, to enable them to reimburse D° of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D° to D°, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to those in Barracks -

To Kenneth Mackenzie, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 78 th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 8 January 1778 to 24 June following -

To F.dw Bifshopp, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 5th and 29th Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25 December 1778 to 24 June 1779, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to Parties in Barracks -

To MefTrs. Fitter and C®, to enable them to reimburse D° of the 69th Regiment of Foot the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D°

8D

To

29° Februarii.

A. 1780.

654

Dat-S of Warrants.

1779. October 20.

29.

y&v. 3.

17-

2 4*

1780.

20.

To John Lamb, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commission Officers and Private Men of the 7 2d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeons and Paymasters Allowance, from 25 December 1778 to 24 June 1779 -

To Adam V/ood> Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the 31 Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D#, from D® to D#, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to D° -To Mefl'rs. Anderson and C°, to enable them to reimburse D° of the 42d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D° to D°

To Messrs. Meyrick, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 13" to D" - -

To Joftah Handjard, - Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 17th and 45th Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to D®

To Messrs. Bishopp and C®, to enable them to reimburse the Non-commission Officers and Private Men of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, and for the Allowance of Bread Money, from 25 December 1778 to 24 June 1779 To Mcflrs. Cox and Mair, to enable them to reimburse D° of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages nude for D®, from D® to D°

To Edm* Armjl)ong, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse 13° of the 8th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D" to D®

To Messrs. Cox and Mair, for the Allowance of Bread Money D° sundry Regiments of Foot, from 25 June 1776 to 24 December 1778 -

To Messrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse the Non-commission Officers and Private Men of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymasters Allowance, from 25 December 1778 to 24 June 1779 -To Messrs. Meyrick, for the Allowance of Bread Money to the 75th Regiment of Foot, from 3d January 1779 to 3d May following, and for Recruiting Parties for 6 Months, to Ju 1779 -

To Messrs. Adair and C®, to enable them to reimburse the Non-commission Officers and Private Men of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeons and Paymasters Allowance, from 25 June 1777 to 24 December 1779 -

To Mcflrs. Meyrick, to enable them to reimburse 13° of a Detachment of Foot Guards, and sundry Regiments of Foot, tire Stoppages made for D°, from 25 June 1779 10 24 December following To Mcflrs. Filter and C% to enable them to reimburse 13" of the 69th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for L)°, from 13° to D°

*37 10 7 141 96

165 7 "~

i»557 1 5 3X4 5 3

i,* 94 *7 8

3,200 4 9 116 19 to 1,750 17 8

329 16 to 479 6 1

1,487 13 2

1,621 7 6

116 19 11

' 779-Jan. 29.

To Col. Ik does, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commission Olliers and Private Men of the Militia, the Stoppages made

for the Surgeon and Pay mailer’s Allowance, from 26 March to 24 June 177-3 - - 55 6

d o Mcflrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D® of tlrc North Battalion of the Militia, the

Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D*

To Col. Henry Herbert, to enable him to reimburse D of the 0/:Udire Militia, the Stoppages made lor

17, from D" to 13° -....

T > 1 ord \ 1‘count Mountfiiurt, to enable him to reim-buiie I)° of t!-jC Ciamr ry iujht Militia, the Stoppages in de lor Dfrom D® to 13" - -

lo the Duke of Devonshire, to enable him to rcim-'nle ).<" oi the De lyji.ice Militia, the Stoppages male lor 1from 13° to D® dome Earl of CaJawndeley, to enable him to reimburse 13' of the ejuire Militia, the Stoppages made D°. from 13" to 1)°

35 19 3»

55

— 6

2617 8

39 *9 2

39 iS 8

32,219 11 jf

To

% 20 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

iy9 Febru.

779-

Feb. 12. To Tk* Brooksbank, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-Commission Officers and Private Men of the End Regiment of Middle], Militia, the Stoppages made for the Surgeons and Paymaster’s Allowance, from 26 March to 24 1778 -

To Thu' Willis, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the East Regiment of Suffolk Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D°

March 29. To Simon Halliday, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the Militia, the Stoppages

made fir D°, from D® to D°

To Messrs. Bifshopp and C° to enable them to reimburse I)® of the Huntingdon],ire Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D° to D° - -

To J. Punier, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the North Battalion of the ipshireMilitia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D° to D® -jtprii 9. To IV. Field, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the East and West Battalion of the Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D®

To Vincent Mathias, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Dvrfetshire and East Riding of Yorkshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D®

to D*

To Geo. Ait], Esquire, so enable him to reimburse D* of the CambridgeshireMilitia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D" to D° -5' To John Ballard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the V/crcejlcrJInre Militia, the Stoppages made for D\ from D° to D"

7’o YIeflrs. Bifshopp and C®, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®

To John Fenwick, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D"

To Messrs. Meyrick, to enable them to reimburse D* of the Leicijkrjlireand Militia, the

Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D® - -

To John Powell, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D’ of the Bedfordjkire and Militia,

the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D®

29. To Messrs. ‘Thomas and Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D" of the Brecknock]: ire a nd Radnorfnke Militia, the Stoppages made for D", from D® to D®

50. To John Martin, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the iVe] Kent Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -

May 12. To Keene Stables, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Northamptorffire Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D" to D® -To Ja sBallard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the PVorcc]er],re Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th of June to 24 December 1778 To John Martin, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the West Battalion of the Militia, the

Stoppages made for D°, from D° to D’ -To Geo. An], Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Cambridge]ire Militia, the Stoppages made

for D°,from D® to D® -

To Geo. Snowden, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the Derby]ire Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D° to 'D° - -

To Vincent Flat bias, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Dorset and East Riding of Mili-

tia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®

To Geo. Blount, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Clheflrre Militia, the Stoppages made for D% from D° to D’ - -

To T/iosLloyd, to enable him to reimburse D’ of the Cornwall Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from

Yol. 37.

26 March to 24th jute 1770

655

To

656

Dates of Warrants.

*779-

M 12.

28.

June 18.

29° FebruariL

To Tho Lloyd, to enable him to reimburse the Non* commission Officers and Private Men of the Cornwall Militia, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster’s Allowance, from 25 June to 24 December 1778 -

To Messrs. Adair and C*, to enable them to reimburse D° of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D° to D®

1 To Messrs. Fitter and C°, to enable them to reimburse D* of the Surrey Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D* to D® - -

To John Owens, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the Denbighshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from 26 March to 24 June 1778 -To Messrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D® of the Durham and Merionethshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D° to D*

To D% to enable them to reimburse D° of the Durham and Merionethshire Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D#, from 25th June to 24 cember 1778 -

To Messrs. Bishopp and C®, to enable them to reimburse D° of the Huntinvdonshire Militia, the Stoppages made

for D*, from D* to D° -To John Fenwick, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of lundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D*, from D* to D°

To Ch‘ Bembridge, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D® of the Staffordshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from 26 March to 24 December 1778 -To John Lamb, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the Wiltshire Militia, the Stoppages made for

D®, from 25 June to 24 December 1778 -Tt> J. Punier, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the North Battalion of the Hampshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D° to D® -To Messrs. Thomas and Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D° of the Brecknockshire and Radnorshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D* to D® To Messrs. Conway and Peart, to enable them to reimburse D® of the North Battalion of the Lincolnshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D® , from D® to

D®.....-

To Tho1 Willis, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D" of the West Regiment of Suffolk Militia, the Stoppages made for JD®, from 26 March to 24 June

*778....

To Messrs. J. and W. Maude, to enable them to reimburse D® of the West Riding of the Yorkshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 26 March to 24 December 1778 - -

To Josiah Handjard, Esquire, to enable him to reim-

burle D* of the Second West Riding of Yorkshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® - -

To Tho* Brooksbank, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the East Regiment of the Middlesex Militia, the Stoppages made for D", from 25 June to 24 December 1778-To Simon Halliday, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Somersetshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D° -

To John Owens, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Denbighshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®

To John Russell, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D® of the Glamorganshire Militia, the Stoppages made

for D®, from D" to D° -To Edmd Armstrong, Esquire, to enable him to reim-imburse D® of the Hertjordshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -

A. 1780.

83 4 9

682 5 7*

108 8 11

21 5

34 9 ~

62 00

5* 7 *

35 J5 —

112 19 11

106 13 2

69 S —

3 6 9 10 i 1

O H H 00

34 14 3

121 6 3

189 1 4

361 —

195 9 z

38 — s

54 *6 — 1

113 4 8 To

20 Geo. III.

Date* of Warrants.

779-

Ju 24.

July 8. IS-

&/>/. 1.

20.

3°-

October 14.

Vou 37.

190 Februarii.

To Keene Stables, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commission Officers and Private Men of the Nort hampt onshireMilitia, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymasters Allowance, from 25 June to 24 December 1778 - - - - _

To John Poivell, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the West Regiment of Middlesex Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -To John Radcliffe, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D° of the South Battalion of the Militia,

the Stoppages made for D®, from 26 March to 24 December 1778-To Meflis. Meyrick, to enable them to reimburse D® of the Leicestershireand Militia, the

Stoppages made for D®, from 25 June to 24 ber 1778 ----- j.

To Henry Critchet, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D* of the fVe/lminster Militia, the Stoppages made

for D®, from 26 March to 24 1778 -

To Messrs. Bifshoppand C°, to enable them to reim-

burse 0® ot sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25 June to 24 December 1778, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to the Northumberland Militia - -

To !Vm Field, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the East and West Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to D* -Tq Messrs. Peart and Conway, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D", from 26th March to 24 December 1778

To Wn Moone, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the East and West Regiments of Norfolk Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D°-To Messrs. Peart and Conway, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25 December 1778 to 24 June 1779 -

To Henry Critchet, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Westminster Militia, the Stoppages made for D® from D° to D®

To Keene Stables, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of t,he Northamptonshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D", from L)° to D®

To Geo. Snowden, Esquire to enable him to reimburse D® of the DerbyshireMilitia, the Stoppages made for

D®, from D® to D® - -

To John Martin, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the West Battalion of the Kent Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D° to D® -To John Owens, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D® of the DenbighshireMilitia, the Stoppages made

for D®, from D° to D° - -

To Messrs. Fitter and C® to enable them to reimburse D® of the Surrey Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® - . -

To John Lamb, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Wiltshire Militia, the Stoppages made for

D®, from P® to D®

To Vincent Mathias, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Dorsetshireand East Riding of York-shireMilitia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® toD® - - .

To Geo. Blount, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Cheshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D° to D®

To Messrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D® of the MerionethshireMilitia, the Stoppages made

for D®, from D®, to D®

86 2 7

131 16 3

tot — 1

165 10 11 106 3 5

791 9 7

451 18 —

334 16 3 200 3 2

279 17 8

80 1 5

86 2 7

76 10 5 84 — 6 45 18 11 108 8 11

106 13 3

151 *3 8 79 *7 4 7° 19 S

8 E

658

Datei of Warrant*.

1779-

October 14.

20.

22.

29.

Nov. 3.

11.

x7*

1780.

6.

a 90 Februarii. . i

To 7o/;« Rujfcll, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commission Officers and Private Men of the Glamorganshire Militia, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymasters Allowance, from 25 December 1778 to 24 June 1779 -

To Geo. Aujl, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D°

of the Cambridgeshire Militia, the Stoppages made

for D®, from D* to D*

To Wm Field, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the East and West Regiments of the Essex Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D" to D°

To Josiah Handfard, Esquire, to enable him to reim-

burse D® of the 2 West Riding of Yorkshire Militia, the Stoppages made from D® to D® - -

To John Powell, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the West Regiment of Middlesex and the Bed-fordshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from

D® to D® - - -....

To Meflis. Adair and C®, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®

To James Ballard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D® of the Worcestershire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D° to D®

To P’hoi Lloyd, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Cornwall Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D° - -

To MefTrs. Meyrick, to enable them to reimburse D* of the Leicestershire and Warwickshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -To John Fenwick*, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D*

To Edmd Ar.mjirong, Esquire, to enable him to reim-

burse D° of the Uertfordshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®

To Simon Halliday, Esquire, to enable him to reim-

burse D® of the Somersetshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D°, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to D® - -

To MefTrs. T. and W. Maude, to enable them to reimburse D" of the 1 ft Regiment of the West Riding of Yorkshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from

D" to D"....

To MefTrs. Bifshopp and C®, to enable them to reimburse D®of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D° to D®, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to the Northumberland Militia To Tho‘ BreokJbank, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the East Regiment of Middlesex Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D° -To MefTrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D* of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D° to D®

To Chas Bembridge, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D® of the Staffordshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D’ from D® to D" -To Jn° Radcliffe, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D®

; of the South Battalion of the Militia, the

Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D* -

To Pho' Willis, to enable him to reimburse D® of the ‘ East and West Regiments of Suffolk Militia, the Stop- pages made for D°, from 25 June to 24 December

' 1778 ....

To Tho’ Willis, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the D®, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25 December 1778 to 24 June 1779 "

To Chai Bembridge, Esquire, to enable him to r«im-burse D® of the Staffordshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D® from 25th June to 24 December 1779

6l 12

68 15 11

137 10 8

17° 3 6

MS 6 8

538 3 4

79 *9 10

86 11 5

176 12 9

40 18 —

76 12 7

299 13 7

*7 13 19

S06 10 I

80 17

41 1 6

79 14 6

68 9 4

131-----

131-----

86 13 8

0,

4

zo Geo. IIL

Dates of Warrants.

39° Febru

1780.

Jan. 14.

19*

2

1779.

Feb, 3.

15*

1779-

/#. 1.

To Stables, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commission Officers and Private Mcri of the Northamptonshire Militia, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster’s Allowance, from 25th

June to 24 December 1779 ---- - 91 4 1

To John Martin, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the West Battalion of the Kent Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D® - - 84 — 6

To Meflr*. Adair and C®, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D* to D® - - - - 515 14- 10

To MelTrs. Fitter and C®, to enable them to reimburse D® of the Surrey Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D* to D° - 111 17 —

To Mefirs. Mcyrick, to enable them to reimburse D® of the Leicestershire and Warwickshire Militia, the

Stoppages made for D® from D® to D® - - - 189191

To sundry Agents, to be by them paid over and applied to the Use of the Private Men of the respective Regiments, Battalions, and Corps of Militia, as an Equivalent to the Poundage deducted from the Pay of the effetftive Private Men of the Regiments of Foot Guards, and Marching Regiments of Infantry on the British Establishment 26 March 1778 to 24 'Decemberfollowing - - 12,1984

To sundry D®, for D® Service, from 25 December 1778

to 24th June 1779 ---- 9,061

from

6

a 7

29.

Feb. 26.

March 15.

J9.

29.

For the Marches, &c. of the West Battalion of the 26 March to the 24 1778

For the D* of the East Battalion of D®, from D° to D® For the D° of the Surrey D®, from D" to D®

For the D® of the South Battalion of the D®,

from D° to D® -For the D* of the Derbyshire D®, from D® to D® -For the D*of the South Battalion of the Devonshire D®, from D® to D® -For the D° of the Shropshire D®, from D® to D° -For the D® of the Lanca(hireD®, from D° to D®

For the D® of the HuntiiigdonD®, from D® to D® -

For the D® of the North Battalion of the Hampshire D°,

from D® to D*.....-

For the D® of the Somersetshire D®, from D® to D®

For the D* of the Hertfordshire D®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the North Battalion of the Devonshire D®, from D" to D® -April 29. For the D® of the North Battalion of the Gloucestershire

D", from D® to D*....

For the D® of the Leicestershire D®, from D® to D®

For the D* of the Eastern Battalion of the Norfolk D®, from D* to D® -For the D" of the Duke of Buccleugh’s Fencible Men, from 25 June to 24 December 1778 -

For the D° of the West Battalion of the Kent Militia, from 26 March to 24 June 1778 -For the D® of the CarnarvonjhirD®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the FlintshireD", from D® to D® -

For the D® of the Durham D®, from D® to D*

For the D® of the Rut/andshire D®, from D® to D®

For the D* of the WorcefD®, from 25 June to 24 December 1778 For the D® of the i ft West Riding of D°T

from 26 March to 24 December 1778 For the D® of the YY eft Battalion of Norfolk D®, from D® to D° ——

For the D" of the South Battalion of the

D°, from 25 June to 24 December 1778 -For the D® of the South Battalion of the Devonshire ID®, from D* to D" - -

For the D*of the North Battalion of the Hampshire D‘‘, from D® to D® -For the D® of the Shropshhe D®, from D® to D® -For the D® of the Me;: Mw 1)®, from D® to D® -

Militia, from

3°-

May 20.

if.

J52 8 2

84 — 7

io5 18 8

227 17 10

146 6 10

64 12 - —

168 II 2

*77 ' 1 4

75 1 3

48 3

203 13 6

225 1 8

140 *3 11

Y '

*44 7 10

201 2 4

93 18 \5\

*35 8 3

127 11 6

40 11; —

28. 19 8

41 *5 9

40 7 4

102 7 to

332 i- Y,

46 *7 —

210 18 i

12 3 6 —:

310 18 2

168, 10 10

2 03 J3 —

Vet. 37.

659

12,275

12

21,645 4 1

Fox

29* Februarii.

660

Dates «f Warrants.

1779.

June 9.

11.

18.

July 1.

8.

»5-

August 13.

18.

25-

8.

20.

3°

0Haber 6

j

For the Marches of the HuntiMilitia, from 25 June to 24 December 1778 -

For the D* of the Derfetshire D°, from D° to D® -For the D° of the West Battalion of the Kent D°, from

D° to D®....

For the D° of the 2d West Riding of D®, from

25 March to 24 June 1778 -For the D° of the Denbighshire D°, from D® to- D®

For the D® of the D®, from 25 June to 24 December

1778 ....

For the D° of the North Battalion of the Lincolnshire D®, from 26 March to 24 June 1778 - -

For the D" of the South Battalion of D°, from D* to D* For the D° of the CambridgejhirtD®, from 25 to 24 December 1778 -

For the D* of the Warwickshire D*, from D° to D®

For the D° of the Eastern Battalion of the Is or folk D®, from D° to D° -For the D* of the Bedfordshire D°, from D° to D°

For the D* of the Derbyshirt D®, from D° to D® -For the D* of the Surrey D°, from D®, to D*

For the D° of the Leicestershire D", from D* to D®

For the D* of the Cheshire D% from D® to D*

For the D® of the Buckinghamfare D®, from D* to D® -For the D* of the Sussex D°, from D® to D°

For the D® of the East Riding of D", from

D* to D®....

For the D® of the Northumberland D®, from D° to D° For the D° of the Eastern Battalion of the Efex D% from

D° to D®....

For the D® of the Westera Battalion of D®, from D° to

D’ -.....-

For the D* of the GlamorganshireD®, from D° to D®

For the D® of the Ntrthamptonffiire D®, from D® to D® For the D® of the North Battalion of the Lincolnshire D®, from D* to D*

For the D® of the West Battalion of the Suffolk D®, from D° to D® -For the D® of the South Battalion of the Lincolnshire D% from D® to D" -For the D® of the 2d West Riding of Yorkshire D®, from D* to D® -For the D® of the Eastern Battalion of the Kent D®, j from D° to D® -

'For the D® of the Carmarthenshire D°, from 26 March ! (0 24 December 1778 -

’For the D® of the Eastern Battalion of from

25 June to 24 December 1778 ..

For the D° of the Westminster Militia, from 26 March to 24 December 1778 ....

‘For the D® of the WiltshireD®, from 26 March to 24 June 1778 - -

' For the D® of the D®, from 25 June to 24 December

1778 :....

For the D® of the Lancaffnre D®, from D* to D* -For the D* of the South Battalion of the Hampshire D®, from D® to D" - - - -: -

For the D° of the East Regiment of Middlesex D®, from D° to D® -

For the D° of the North Battalion of the Gloucesterjfnre D®, from D® to D* -For the D® of the Radnorshire D®, from 26 March to 0.4 June 1778 - -

For the D® of the Rutlandjhhre D®, from 25 June to 24 December 1778 ....

For the D® of the Monmouthshire D®, from 26 March to 24 December 1778 -

.* For the D® of the Staffordffiire D®, from D° to D®

For the D® of the Flintshire D®, from D® to D®

.1 For the D® of the Hertfordshire D®, from 26 March to 24-th June 1778 - - - - <»

233 i 6

110 2 6

151 16 2

331 9 10

So 10 — -

6 2 11 11

146 12 7

i47 5 2

58 16 10

3 61 8 2

*14 18 3

316 10 9

217 3 3

167 6

137 3 1

250 6 9

H7 >9 8

344 12

133 12 6

»65 14 9

116 16 *3

287 1 4

364 3 4

251 13 4

12? / 8

155 1

179 4 9

31 z *5 6

9l 18 7 h

101 11 8,

138 1 11

215 18 —

60 1 10

246 1 3

295 16 -T"

204 5 7i

200 16 —

200 8 6

76 5 5

35 6 3

211 17 11

397 15 — »7 4 5

104 6 —

ie

20 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

29° Febru

*779-

October 6.

29.

Nov. xi.

24.

29.

For the Marches of the West Regiment of Fencible Men, from 25th April 1778 to 24 December following For the D* of the Montgome Militia, from 25 June

to 24 December 1778....

For the D* of the Herejord D®, from D® to D® For the D® of the Nottingh D®, from 26 March to 24 June 1778 -

For the D® of the Somersetj D°, from 25 June to 24 December 1778 -For the D® of the Radnorj D®, from D® to D® For the D* of the Merionethshire D®, from 26 March to 24 December 1778 - -

For D® of the Pembrokeshire D®, from D® to D*

Dec. 10. For the D° of the East Riding of Yorkshire D®, from . 25th December 177810 24 1779 -

For the D® of the Dorsetsh D®, from D® to D® For the D® of the IVurceJtershire D®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the Carnar D®, from D® to D® -For the D® of the Cheshire D®, from D® to D® -For the D* of the Derbyjkire D®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the Eastern Battalion of the Kent D®, from D® to D®

For the D* of the Eastern Battalion of the Essex D°, from D° to D" -

For the D® of the Western Battalion of D®, from

D° to D"....

For the D° of the Shropshire D®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the South Battalion of the D°, from D° to D°

For the D® of the North Battalion of the D®,

from D° to D® -For the D® of the South Battalion of the D®, from D® to D® -For the D° of the North Battalion of D®, from D® to D® For the D® of the Western Battalion of the Kent D®, from D° to D® -For the D® of the Sussex D®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the Bedjo D®, from D° to D® For the D® of the Western Battalion of the Middlesex D®, from D® to D® - - - .

For the D" of the Cumberland D®, from D° to D®

>5-

*3-

3>-

1780.

Jan. 1. 6. 14.

19.

26.

1779-

July 8.

>5*

19.

Vo*.

37*

For the D® of the Montgomeryshire D®, from D® to D® -For the D° of the MonmouthshD°, from D® to D® -

For the D° of the llerefordshireD°, from D° to D°

For the D® of the Nottinghamshire D®, from D° to D® -For the D® of the Durham D°, from 25 June 1778 to 24th December following -For the D® of the Cornwall D®, from a6 March to 24 December 1778 -

For the D° of the Sutherland Regiment of Fencible Men, from 8th February 1779 to 24 June following For the D° of the Southern Regiment of D®, from 25 December 1778 to 24 June 1779 -For the D° of the LeicesterftdreMilitia, from D® to D®

To Col. Lord Rivers, for Camp NecetTaries provided for the Dorsetshire Militia -To Col. Blackwell, for D° provided for the North Battalion of the Gloucestershire D®

To Earl Powis, for D® provided for the East Riding of the TorkshireD® - - .

To Earl Cholmonde/ey, for D® provided for the Cheshire D® To Col. Conway, for D® provided for the Warwickshire Ditto ——

To the Duke of Rutland, for D® provided for the Leicestershire Militia To Captain Herbert Jones, for D' provided for the Angle-fey Militia -

To Col. Paul Orchard, for D® provided for the North Battalion of the Dev on jure D° -To Col. Hetty Herbert, for D® provided for the

shire D®....

8 F

£ t. d.

303 3 —

>55 6 10

166 14 —

>37: 16 -

108 >5 *

27 . 7

78 I —

88 7 4

172 I

478 >7 I

>74 5 3

126 7

208 5 3

201 1 6

94 >3 2

3>5 18 9

>74 11 6

221 >5 6

>83 12 3

242 12 6

141 3 . —

203 10 8

193 2 __

5*> 6 8

217 >7 —

282 >4 6

196 >5 2

209 7 —

112 8 6

183 .18 10

*54 13 —

>5* 7 —

269 16 2

>76 14 —

176 5 1

181 16 6

166 1 —

128 9 6

92 1 6

141 >4 6

>74 >7 6

170 16 6

29 16 —

55 9 6

206 >7 —

661

1C- s-

19,608 19 $

To

662

Dates of Warrants.

19® Februarit.

1779.

Augt$ 5. To Col. Maister, for Carrtp Necessaries provided for fc* the East Riding of Militia -

To Lord New borough, for D* provided for the -

vonshire D* - -....

To Lord Clive, for D® provided for the D® -

To Major Owen, for D® provided for the Pembrokeshire

D'.....-

To the Duke of Dorf for D* provided for the West Battalion' of the Kent Militia -

13. To Ool. Vanfutart, for D* provided for the Berkshire

D®.....- - -

*5. To the Earl of Plymou, for D* provided for the Gla~ mtrganshire D* -T0 Col. Jn° Cooke, for D® provided for the West Rc-gitnent of MiddlesexD®

To Col. Watson Ward, for D® provided for the Cam-bridgeshire D® ——

To Col. Letchmore, for D* provided for the

shire D® ——

July 30. To Col. Gilbert Caldifor D® provided for the North Battalion of the D®

To the Earl of Winchelsea, for D® provided for the landshire D® - -

To the Duke of for D# provided for the

Sufex D° - -

To Sir Jn° Wodehouse, for D® provided for the Eastern Battalionof the Norfolk D® -Sept. 1. To Lord Geo. Sutton, ior D* provided for the -hamshire Militia To the Duke of Beaufort, for D® provided for the Mon-motitIiflire D° ——

To Col. Jer. Hodges, for D® provided for the Surrey D" To the Earl of Orford, for D® provided for the Western Battalion of the Norfolk Militia -To Col. Chrisr Neville, for D® provided for the South Battalion of the Lincolnshire D°

To the Duke of Devonshire, for D* provided for the Her byfitre D* -

To Col. Shot tow, for D° provided for the

D°.....-

To Sir Chrr Treife, for D° provided for the Cornwall D® October 6.To Lord Beauchamp, for D® provided for Two Volunteer Companies of the tVarwickshire D° -

Nov. 11. To the Earl of Sussex, for D° provided forth

amptonshire D° -

To Sir Simeon Stuart, for D® provided for the South Battalion of the Hampshire D® -7- To Major Jn° Jones, for D® provided for the Radnor-shire D° ——

10.

27.

3°-

*779-

for the Year 1779.

South Battalion of the Militia -

25* To Sir Jal Lozvther, for for the additional JD® to the IVcjimoreland D° -

May i\. To complear a Warrant of this Date for £.2,104. 11 * for the Clothing of the North Riding of Yorkshire To the Duke of Grafton, for Clothing the East Battalion of the Suffolk Militia -To Captain tVorfley, for D" of the Isle of Company of Militia

26. To Col. Chauvel, for D° for the additional Company to the kPeJtmhiflerD° -

To Lord Paget, for D" for the D° to the Staffordshire D*

To Co). Goate, for Clothing of the East Battalion of the Suffolk D°

To the Duke of ChaaJcs, for D® of the North Battalion of the HampJ7iire Da -

£ s$ d.

101 *9 — -

31 1 —

*59 *9

45 18 —

156 18 6

146 xo 6

109 16 6

149 2 6

*5° 11 6

18 3 1 6

152 9 —

39 1 —

220 11 —

240 4 —

4 —

65 7 6

210 11 3

127 18 6

152 9 —

*53 12 6

201 II —

160 7 —

74 16 —

160 2 —

136 2 —

40 4 6

of the Militia,

>mpany to the

*74 9 7

176 n 3

1,17° 4 6

*>395 16 8

*74 9 7

182 — 10

224 *7 11

*>395 16 8

->395 16 8

A. 1780.

£ *. A

4,56* 11 *

To

boo? le

k

29" Febmarii.

20 Geo. III.

Pacet of Warnnts.

*779*

August 18. To Col Ja' Lowther, for Clothing for the additional Company of the Militia

To Lord Beauchamp, for D* for the additional D# to the Warvoickshire D* -25. To Sir Simeen Stuart, for D° for the D® to the South Bat- talion of the HampJJiire D° -

To Col. Rebow, for D® for the D® to the East Regiment of Essex D* -

To the Earl of Rochford, lor D° for the D° to the West Regiment of D° - - - «.

To the Duke of C for D° for the D° to the f North Battalion of the D®

To the Duke of Beaufort, for D* for the D# to the mouthJJiire D*

To the Duke of Grafton, for D* for the D® to the West Battalion of the D* -

Sept. 1. To Lord Alg. Percy, for D* for the D° to the Northumberland D° -

8. To Col. FuffneH, for D* for the D® to the East Regiment of Middlesex D® -20. To Lord Beauchamp, for D® for the D® to the -

shire D® - -

October 6. To the Earl of Orford, for D* for the D® to the West Regiment of Nor/o/k Militia - -

Nov. II, To the Earl of Sussex, lor D* for the D® to the tonshire D® -

To Col. Hodges, for D® for the D® to the Surrey D®

To the Earl of Upper OJfory, for D® for the D® to the Bedfordshire D® -

To D®, for D® for the D® to D®

To Col. Geo. Cooke, for D* for the D* to the West Regiment of Middlesex D"

To Lord Beauchamp, for D® for the D® to the shire D® -

To Sir fa' Lowther, for D’ for the D® to the Westmor-Jand D* - -

To Col. Sawbridge, for D* for the D® to the East Battalion of the Kent D° -Dec. 10. To the Earl of Sussex, for D® for the D® to the Northamptonshire D° -

To Col. Maifier, for D° for the D® to the East Riding of Yorkshire D® -

To the Duke of Rutland, for D° for the D® to the Leicestershire D® -

To Col. Geo. Cooke, for D® for the D° to tho West

Regiment of Middlesex D® - -

To Col. J. Middleton, for D° for the D® to the Den-

big hf ire D" -

1780.

Jan. 26. To the Earl of Rochford, for D" for the D® to the West Battalion of the Essex D®

*779-

Jan. 1. To Col. Tuffnell, for the contingent Disbursements of

giinent of Middlesex Militia, from 26 March to 24 June 1778 -

March 15. To Mctlrs. Adair and C®, for D® for the Pembrokeshire

D®, from D° to D"....

August 5. To the Duke of Grafton, for D® for the West Regiment of Suffolk Militia, from D® to D® -Sept. 27. To Captain Herbert Jones, for D® of the Anglesey Militia, from 25 June to 24 December 1778 To Lord Newborough, for D° of the Carnaruonshire D®, from D" to D" -

To Col. Paul Orchard, for D® of the North Battalion of the Devonshire Militia, from D° to D® -Dec. 10. To the Earl of Derby, for D® of the Lancashire Militia, from 25 June 1773 to 24 June 1779 -To Lord Algern" Percy, for D® of the Northumberland D", from D° to D° -

To Col. Skottow, for D® of the Buckinghamshire D®, from D" to D° -

663

£ d.

182 — 10

179 10 5

*74 9 7

174 9 7

*74 9 7

*74 9 7

*74 9 7

224 17 11

179 10 5

192 2 6

*79 *° S

*74 9 7

184 11 3

230 12 6

182 — -; 10

189 12 1

189 12 1

184 II 3

182 - — 10

*97 3 4

184 11 3

*74 9 7

*54 6 3

189 12 1

7© 5 9

18a — 10

the East Re-

*25 9 2

88 9 —

53 — 8

74 9 6

66 7 —

*73 *4 9

219 — 7

*59 2 11

188 1 —

Vol. 37.

10,970 3 7

To

664

Date* of Warrant*.

1780.

Jsn. 25.

1779.

April 15.

July 29. August 5.

25*

Sepr. 20.

0 Bobe 14.

22.

A'by. ix.

*7-

Afa/. 24.

D<?r. 10.

*3-

Afay 31.

29® Februarii.

A. 1780.

To Col. Chauvel, for contingent Disbursements of the

Westminster Militia, from 25 December 1778 to 24 June 1779....

211 19 3

To General Burgoyne, to replace sundry Accoutrements belonging to

the 16th Regiment of Dragoons, delivered by Order of the Commander in Chief to the Quai ter Master General at New York ----- 883 17 5

To Major General Gtay, to replace sundry D® belonging to the 28th Regiment of Foot, taken by the Enemy in North America, in the Campaign 1778 - - 98 5 6

To the Earl of Loudoun, to replace fundiy D* belonging to a Detachment of the Third Regiment of Foot Guards, loft on Service against the Rebels during D° Campaign ----- 138 16 6

To Major General Vaughan, to replace sundry D® belonging to the 46th Regiment of Foot, taken by the Enemy in North America - -- 44 6 —

To Lord Jn° Murray, to replace sundry D® belonging to the 42d Regiment of Foot, loft on Service against the Rebels in North America in 1778 - - - 104 — *1

To Earl JValdegrave, to replace sundry D° belonging to the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards, loft on Service against the Rebels in North America in 1778 - -- -- - 66 10 5

To General Jo5 Abercrombie, to replace sundry D® belonging to the 44th Regiment of Foot, loft on Service against the Rebels in North America in 1778 - 40 15 9

To Major General Vaughan, to replace sundry D® belonging to the 46th Regiment of Foot, burnt in a Storehouse at New York, the 3d of August 1778 - 104 4 6

To Messrs. Cox and Mair, to replace sundry D® belonging to the 5id Regiment of Foot, loft on Service against the Rebels in North America in

1778.....60 17 9

To Lieut. General Sorell, to replace sundry D® belonging to Three Companies of the 48th Regiment of Foot, taken by the French at the Capitulating of

Dominica, 7 September 1778 - - - - 135 10 3

To Major General Faucitt, to replace sundry D® belonging to the 15th Regiment of Foot, taken by the Enemy in North America, in 1778 - - - 34 I311

To Lieut. General Maitland, to replace sundry D® belonging to the 49th Regiment of Foot, loft on Service in North America, between 26 0 Bober 1776 and 26 October 1777 ---- 76210

To Lieut. General Burgoyne, to replace sundry D® belonging to the 16th Regiment of Dragoons, which were delivered by the Order of the Commander in Chief to the Quarter Master General at New , for the Use of the Army there - 467 10 ®

To Lieut. General Preston, to replace 41 Horses, belonging to the Officers of the 17th Regiment of Dragoons, loft or killed in America, from 10 May 1777 to 24 December 1778 - 623 13

To D®, to replace 18 x D® belonging to D® Regiment, loft or killed in America, from the Time of their Embarkation to 24 December 1778 - - - - 1,745 x4

To Major General Vaughan, to replace sundry Accoutrements belonging to the 46th Regiment of Foot, loft on Service in North America, in the Year 1778 - -- -- 91150

To Sir Rob1 Pi got, in lieu of 49 Days Nett Offreckonings

of the Additionals to the 38th Regiment of Foot - 59 11

To Major General Majfey, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the

Additionals to the 27th D* - - - - 59 x6 11

To Major General Grey, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the

Additionals to the 28th D® - - - - 59 16 11

To Lieut. General Pomeroy, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the Additionals to the 64th D® - - - 59 16 11

£ d,

*>364 *3 to

5,716 14

T>

so viTo. III. 290 Februarii.

Dates of Warrants.

/ / y*

yMay ix. To Lieut. General IV in lieu of 49 Days Nett Off-reckonings of the Additional to 56th Regiment of Foot -

To Lord A. Gordon, in lieu of no Days D# of the Additional to the 26 D®

To Lieut. General D. Jones, in lieu of no Days D® of the D° to the 2d D" -To Lieut. General Sorell in lieu of 49 Days D° of the D‘to the 48th D° -

To Earl Cornwallis, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D° to the 33d D® -

To Major General Vaughan, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D® to the 46th Regiment -To Lieut. General Tra in lieu of 49 Days D* of the D® to the 52d Regiment -To Sir <ThoifVi/fon, in 1 ieu of 49 Days D* of the D# to 50th Regiment -

To Major General Robertson, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D® to the 16th Regiment -To Lieut. General Evelyn, in lieu of no Days D® of the D® to the 29th Regiment -To Lieut. General Sherrard, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D® to the 69th D® -

To Earl Percy, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D® to the 5th Regiment -

To Lieut. General Hodgson, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D" to the 4th Regiment -To Lord Geo. Lennox, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D* to the 25th D® ——

To Sir J. A. Oughton, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D° to the 31st Regiment of Foot -To Lieut. General Mon.in lieu of no Days D® of the D® to the 17th D®

To Sir IV. Boothby, in lieu of 49 Days D* the D° to ' the 6tii D* -

To Lieut. General Haviland, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D® to the 45th D® ——

To Sir lVm Howe, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D° to the 23d D® ——

To Lord F. Cavendish, in lieu of 49.Days D® of the D® to the 34th D° -

To Lieut. General Cary, in lieu of 49 Days D° of the D® to the 43d D® ——

To General Abercrombie, in lieu of 49 Days D® of tire D° to the 44th D® ——

To Major General Grant, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the

D" to the 55th D®....

To Sir J. Irwin, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D® to the 57th D® -

To Lieut. General Grant, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D® to the 63d D® -

To Sir Henry Clinton, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D®

to the 12th D®....

To Lieut. General Boyd, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D® to the 39th Regiment -

To the Earl of Eglintom, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D® to the 5uft D® -

To Major General Baugh, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D® to the 58th Regiment of Foot -To Major General Morris, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the

D" of the 6-rft D"....

To Major General Calcraft, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D° to the 65th D® - -

To Lieut. General Sand ford, in lieu of no Days D® of the D® to the 10th D° -To Sir Jn» Sebright, in lieu of no Days D* of the D® to the 18 th D" -

To Lieut. General Gage, in lieu of 11 o Days D® of the D" to 22d Regiment -

To Sir Rob1 Hamilton, in lieu of no Days D* of the D® to the 40th D® ----- *

VoL 37.

G

109 10 11

*34 6 II

133 >9 4

181 >5 5

59 16 11

59 16 11

59 16 11

59 *3 6

59 16 11

i34 6 11

59 >3 6

59 16 11

59 16 11

59 >3 6

59 16 11

*34 6 11

59 16 11

59 16 11

59 16 11

59 16 11

59 16 11

59 16 11

59 16 11

59 16 11

59 16 11

109 10 11

109 10 11

109 10 11

109 10 11

109 10 11

109 10 11

>34 6 11

>33 >9 4

>34 6 11

>34 6 11

To

290 Feiruarii.

A. 1780'.

666

Dales of WsrrantJ.

779

May 31. To Lieut. General Murray, in lieu of 42 Days Nett Offreckonings of the Additional to the 13th Regiment

of Foot ....

To Lieut. General Campbell, mlieu of 49Days D* of the the D® to the 3 5th D® - -

To Major General Faucittin lieu of 49 Days D* of the D° to the 15th D® ——

To Lieut. General Cumtngkame, in lieu of no Days D* of the D* to the 14th D® - -

To Lord Amherst, in lieu ojf 143 Days D* of the D* to the 3d and 4th Battalions of the 6otb D® -To D% in lieu of 60 Days D* of the iff and 2d Battalions

of D°....

To Sir David Lindsay, in lieu of 49 Days D* of the D* to the 59th Regiment of Foot -To Lieut. General Frederick, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D° to die 54th D® -

To Lieut. General Maitland, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D® to die 49th D® -To Lieut. General Elphinfome , in lien of 49 Days D* of the D® to the 53d D® -

To the Duke of Argyll, in lieu of 49 Days D* of the D® to the lft Battalion of the ift D® -To D®, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D* to the 2d Battalion of D®.....-

To Major General Prescott, in lieu of 110 Days D* of the D® of the 7th D® - -

To Major General Tryon, in lieu of 49 Days D# of the D* to die 70th D® - -

' To Lieut. General Armjlr in lieu of 49 Days D* of the D® of die 8th D* - -

uly 29. To Lord Mc Leed, in lieu of 49 Days D® of the D® of the 2d Battalion of 73d D® -October j. To Colonel IVemyfs, in lieu of 94 Days D® his Regiment of Fencible Men - -

59 *3 6

59 16 ri

59 16 11

*34 6 1*

1,086 11 —

268 5 8

59 *3 6

59 16 11

59 16 11

59 16 ti

59 *3 6

59 *3 6 134 6 11 109 10 11 59 16 11 521 11 8

803 15 1

*779

Jan. 29. To the Earl of Seaforth, for divers Camp Necessaries provided for the 78 th Regiment of Foot ----- "

Feb. 11. To Earl Waldegrave, for D® provided for the 2d Regiment of Foot Guards - -

To Major General Prescott, for D* provided for the 7th Regiment of Foot -

To Lieut. General Murray, {ox D# provided for the 13th

D°....

To Lieut. General Cunninghame, for D® provided for the 14th D° ——

To Lieut. General Burgoyne, for D° provided for the 16th Regiment of Dragoons -

To Lieut. General Campbell, for D® provided for the 35th Regiment of D® -Alar. 4. To Lieut. General Frederick, for D® provided for the

54th D"....

To Sit D. Lindsay, for D® provided for the 59th D* -To Lieut. Colonel Campbell, for D* provided for the

74th D* - - -....

To Lieut. General Frafer, for D* provided for the 71ft

D®....

To Col. fV"1 Gordon, for D* provided for the 81st D* -April 15. To Lord Adam Gordon, {ox D* provided for the 26th D®

To Earl Cornwallis, for D® provided for the 33d D*

To Lieut. General Pomeroy, for D* provided for the 64th D° ——

May 28. Tq Sir R Pigott, for D® provided for the 38th D®

To Lord Jnf Murray, for D® provided for the 4*d Regiment -

To Sir J. A. Oughton, for D® provided for the 31st D* -To John Trotter, Esquire, for providing extra Camp Ne-ceflarics for the Use of the Forces in North America -June 1. To Lieut. General Gage, for divers Camp Necessaries provided for the 22d Regiment of Foot To Sir Wm Howe, for D® provided for the 23d D®

To Lieut. General Cary, for D® provided for the 43d D®

584 *7 —

364 5 6

118 16 —

238 8 —

238 8 —

61 5 8

118 16 —

118 16 —

238 8 —

3°9 7 —

401 *3 —

3°9 7 —

25l 8 —

251 8 —

25* 8 —

z59 12 6

345 6 —

284 8 6

712 14 6

259 12 6

259 12 6

259 XZ 6

7,054 14 6

To

20 Geo. III. i9° Februarii.

Dates of Warrants,

*779-

June 2.

18.

24.

July 1. 21.

29.

3°*

ij.

18.

*5-

3°*

Sir//. 20.

27.

3°*

To General Abercrombie, for diver* Camp Necessaries provided for the 44th Regiment of Foot To Sir J. Irwin, for D* provided for the 57 th D*

To Col. Mc Lean, for D® provided for the 82d D*

To the Duke of Argyll for D® provided for the ift Battalion of the 1 ft D* - - *

To D®, for D® provided for the 2d Battalion of D*

To Lieut. General Fitzroy, for D° provided for the 3d Regiment of Dragoons - -

To Lieut. General Armjhrong, for D* provided for the 8th Regiment of Foot -

To Lord F.Cavendijk, for D‘ provided for the 34th

Regiment of Foot --- To Lieut. General Maitland, for D° provided for the 49th D®

To Major General Manners, for D* provided for the 19th Regiment Dragoons -

To Lieut. General Evelyn, for D® provided for the 29th Regiment of Foot -

To Lieut. General Grant, for D* provided for the 63d

D°.....- -

To Lieut. General Jones, for D® provided for the ad D* To Major General Philipfonfor D® provided for the 20th Regiment of Dragoons -

To the Duke of Gloucester, for D* provided for the ift Regiment of Foot Guards -To Sir T. S. Wilson, for D* provided for the 50th Regiment of Foot - -

To Sir T. Sebright, for D® provided for the 18th D®

To Sir lVm Boothby, for D® provided for the 6th D® -To Major General Calcraft, for D* provided for the 65th D° - ....

To the Duke of Gloucester, for D* provided for the Detachment of the Foot Guards - -

To Lieut. General Elliott, for D* provided for the 15th Regiment of Dragoons -

To Lieut General Skerrard, for D* provided for the 69th Regiment of Foot -To Lieut. General Townfkend, for D® provided for the 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards -To the Earl of Pembroke, for D* provided for the ift Regiment of Dragoons -

To Major General Douglass, for D® provided for the 21st D® -

To Lord Mc Leod, for D* provided for the 2d Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot -To Lord Rob. Manners, for D® provided for the 3d Regiment of Dragoon Guards -To Lieut. General Trapaud, for D® provided for the 52d Regiment of Foot -

To Major General Pry on, for D* provided for the 70th D*....

Nov. 29. To General Conway, for D° provided for the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards - -

To Sir Geo. Howard, for D# provided for the ift Regiment of Dragoon Guards - -

To Lieut. General JohnJIon, for D* for D® provided for the nth Regiment of Dragoons -Dec. 1. To Lieut. General Monckton, for D® provided for the 17th Regiment of Foot -To Lieut. General Hafor D° provided for the 45th D°- - -

1780.

Jan. 6.. To Lieut. Col. Commandant L. F. Cary, for divers Camp Necessaries provided for the 89th Regiment of Foot -

259 tt 6

259 12 6

312 4 — *

*34 13 ~ *34 13 —

543 l5 3 228 $ —

259 ta 6

tif 16 —

?ai 9 6

*4 7 —

2*3 j 6 198 t3 —

71a 7 *

506 9 —

145 —

181 5 —

181 5 —

181 5 — .

306 9 9

64 16 9 190 4 —

300 16 — 57* 4 9

615 3 6

303 — 6

505 16 — 416 9 —

285 1 —

579 6

438 8 6 486 17 3 ato 3 — 416 9 —

376 5 —

1779.

Jan. 2$.

Vol. 37.

To Sir Simeon Stuart, for One Bas Horse for an additional Company to the South Battalion of the Hampshire Militia, ordered to take the Field - - - i«r-----

66 7

18,130 17 11

To

668 290 Februarii.

Date* of Warrant*,

1779-Feb. i.

June 9.

July 29.

Aupjl 13. Sept. 8.

Nov. 26. Dec. 10.

1780.

Jan. 14.

26.

«?79-Jan. 25.

Feb. 1. June 9.

July 29.

dug. 13.

Sept. 8.

Dec. 10.

1780.

Jan. 14.

26.

*779-JllM. 25.

To Lord Viscount MountHuart, for One Bas Horse of an additional Company to the Militia,

ordered to take the Field -To Col. the Earl of Panmure, James Manners, Richd Burton Phi, and John Douglas, for Bas Horses for their Regiments, ordered to encamp To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, fer D* for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field -

To Lord McLeod, for D® for the 2d Battalion of the 73d

Regiment of Foot, ordered to take the Field -To the Colonels, of sundry Regiments of Militia, for Bas Horses for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field - - .

To the Colonels of the 45th and $2d Regiments, for Bas and Blanket Horses for their Regiments, ordered to take the Field -

To the Colonels of the id and 15th Regiments of Dragoons, for additional Bas Horses for their Regiments,

ordered to take the Field - -

To Lieut. Col. Commandant Cary for Bas Horses for the 89th Regiment of Foot, ordered to serve in the IFeJi Indies -

To Col. T. Keating, for D* for the 88th Regiment of Foot, ordered to lerve in Jamaica -To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for D® for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field -

To the Colonels of the 86th, 87th, 90th, and 91st Regiments of Foot, for D* for their respective Regiments, ordered to serve Abroad -To Lord Mc Leod, lor D® for the 2d Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot, ordered to serve Abroad

10-----

350 -

1040 — — 11 o-----

810 — —

420----

120-----

no----

no-----

140-----

4+o----

no-----

15

too

To Sir Simeon Stuart, for Baggage Horses for an additional Company to the South Battalion of the Hampshire Militia, ordered to take the Field - - - - 15 — —

To Lord Afount/hiart, for D® for an additional Company

to the Glamor ganshire D®, ordered to take the Field -To the Earl of Panmure, James Johnston, RuJJel Manners, Rich Burton PhilipJ'on, and John Douglass, for Baggage Horses for their Regiments, ordered to encamp -

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for Baggage Horses for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field -To Lord McLeod, for D° for the 2d Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot, ordered to take the Field -To the Colonels of the 45th and 52d Regiments of Foot, for D® for their Regiments, ordered to take the Field -

To Lieut. Col. Commandant Cary, for D* for the 89th Regiment of Foot, ordered to serve in the West Indies - - 17710 —

To Col. T. Keating, for D* for the 88th Regiment of

Foot, ordered to serve in Jamaica - - - - 17815 —

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for D* for the additional Companies to their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field

i,6o3 15 — 260 — —

357 »° ~

To the Colonels of the 86th, 87th, 90th, and 91st Regiments of Foot, for D® for their respective Regiments, ordered to serve Abroad -To Lord Mc Leod, for D® for the 2d Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot, ordered to serve abroad

210 —

7 l3~'

260 —

To Sir Simeon Stuart, for 100 Days Forrage for an additional Company to the South Battalion of the Hampshire Militia, ordered to take the

Field

17 x® — »

d. 1780.

3,780 — —

4,096 5 —

To

29* Feiruarii-

Ui;

2o Geo. III.

Date* of VWrant*.

1779-

Fib.

I.

M-

May $. June 30.

Nov. 17.

*6.

Z>*r. 10.

1780. jLv/. 14.

>6.

1779. Gfiober 29.

12.

VoL^ 37.

To the Colonels of the 86th»-87th, 90th and 91st Regiments of Foot, for 100 Days D* for their respective Regiments, ordered to serve Abroad To Lord M' Leod, for 100 Days D° of the 2d Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot, ordered to serve Abroad -

To Lieut General Murray, for the contingent Dilb

_ *774 - - > r -

To I)*, for D* of D* Regiment, from 25 December J?74 to 24th December 1775 - - ' *

To the Duke of Argyll, for D* of the ift Battalion of the 1 ft Regiment of Foot, from 25 June 1024 December 1770- - - - „

To Mefirs. Gray and Ogilvie, for the Contingencies of the Royal Highland Emigrants, previous, to their Establishment, trom 13th of June 1775 to 24 -

btr 177 3 - - - - .

8 H

669

To Lord Vifiount , for too Days Forage

for an additional Company to the Glamorganfttirt Militia, ordered to take the Field -To the General and Staff Officers, for 169 Days Forage, from 28th May to 12 November 1778 -

To Lieut. General Sir Guy Carleton, in lieu of Forage, from iff October 1774 to iath September 1778 To the Colonels of 9 Regiments of Militia, for 100 Days D* for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field

To the Colonels of 18 Regiments of D*, for loo Days, for their relpcdlive Regiments, ordered to take the

Field ....

To the Colonels of to Regiments of D®, for loo Days Forage for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field - - - *>

July S. To the Colonels of 7 Regiments of D\ for too Days D* for their respective Regiments* ordered to taka Field

29. To the Colonels of to Regiments of Foot, for too Days D* for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field -

For 2co Days Fofage to the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals in Great Britain * August 13, To Lord Mc Leod, for 1C0 Days D# for the ad Batta* lion of the 73d Regiment of Foot, ordered to take

the Field -

25. To the Colonels of the 3 Regiments of Foot Guards, for Forage to their Regiments, ordered to be in Readinest to take the Field -

To the Colonels of 8 Regiments of Militia, for 100 Days D° for their respective Regiments, ordered tp take the Field -

To the Colonels of the 25th and 79th Regiments of Foot, for /oo Days Forage for their Regiments, ordered to be in Readiness to take the Field -Sept. 8. To the Colonels of the 45th and 52d Regiments of Foot, for 100 Days D® for their Regiments, ordered to take the Field -

For 200 Days Forage to Sir Draper and Major General W* Style -

To the Colonels of the 2d and 15th Regiments of Dragoons, for 100 Days D* for their Regiments, ordered to take the Field -To Lieut. Col. Commandant , for 100 Days D® for the 89th Regiment of Foot, ordered to serve in the West Indies -

To the Colonels of the West Battalion of the Suffolk and Warwickshire Militia, for 100 Days D* for their additional Companies, ordered to take the Field To Col. T. Keating, for 100 Days Forage for the 88th Regiment of Foot, ordered to serve in Jamaica -

S. d.

17 ID — 1,161 17 6 4,908 — —

1*887 I© — *

3,025 -

630 -

*,357 «9 —

2,405 — 4,800 — —

250 —

4,945 18 —

i,59----

467 IO <r-

449 *"V

330 — —

1,090 — rm

220 — — 52 IO —

2 20 T- —

880 -

£59 — —

tp 24 Qepember

49

H-r-

198 4 T

346 *5 —

29,945 *5

35*

r\r

6 70

Dates of Warrants. f

29 *' Februari

Ji-'i 1780.

1780.

Jan. 6.

H-

1779*

&//. 20.

October 22.

29.

To Mefirs. R^/r and Gray, for the contingent Diiburie-ments of the 3d Regiment of Foot, from 23 1774 to the 7th May 1775 -

To Lieut. General Taylor, for D° of the 24th Regiment of Foot, from- 8th April 1776 to 24 December following - -

S. d. . S. d.

s° l6 6

144 13 6

1780.

For the Marches, ftfr. of the 65th Regiment of Foot, from 23th December: 1775 to the 24th December 1776 - - . - .

For the D®.of the 13th Regiment of Foot, from D® to D" - -

For the D® of D° Regiment, from. 25 December 1776 to the 24th of Dmw5er 1777 " - .

479 18 10 294 9 3 178 11

Jan. 1.

6.

1779*

M 15.

For the D* of the 19th Regiment of Foot, from 25 June

‘ 1773 to 24th December following - - - - 86 16* 5

For the D* of D® Regiment, from 25 December 1773 ,

to 24th December 1774 - - - 196 47

For the D* of the 19th Regiment of Foot, from 25 December 1774 to 7th April 1775 - - - 60-15 8

For the D® of the 3d Regiment of Foot, from 25 June

1773 to 24th December following - - . - 99 — 4

For D* of D® Regiment, from 25 December 1773 to 24 December 1774 - 181 10 6

To Rob* Adair, Esquire, to enable him to pay the Monthly ilospital

Allowance to the Forces encamped Nov. 24. To D°, to enable him to satisfy such Bills as are or may be drawn upon him for the Pay of extra Surgeons and Surgeons Mates in the Ceded Islands, &c.

1780. , ’ '

Jan. 26. To D®, to enable him to satisfy such Bills as are or may be drawn upon.him for the Pay of D® in D° -

*779-

1,200-----

rco----

‘>0

2,000 --

August 13. To Colonel Samuel Tozvnjhend, on Account, to enable him to pay such I Bills as are or may be drawn upon him for the Pay of lundry Officers employed on the Recruiting Service - - - .

J*n. 25. To Major General Morrison, for his contingent Expences as Quarter Master General, from 25 June to 24 December 1778 - - - .

29. T o And"Clinton ', Esquire, for providing and repairing Utensils at Plymouth Dock, and for his Salary, from 25 December 1777 to .24 December 1778 -

To E. B. De la Fontaine, Esquire, for providing divers Utensils.for the Ule k>f the Infirmary and Barracks in the Savoy, during, -the Year '1778 ’ - - -

fob. 4, Tq Lieut. General Pierson, to reimburse "him the contingent: Expences of >the Army encamped at JVarley Common, under his Command, from 13 June to 10th November 1778 - - - - .

12. To Col. Sam1 Tozvnjhend, for his contingent Expences as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25 to 24 1778

To Ditto, to reimburse -the Expence of Freight, Demurrage, csV. for transporting 500 Men of the additional Companies of lundry Regiments of Foot, from Corke to Bristol -

Tq Major General Morrison, for his contingent Expences of the Afliilant Jto the Quarter Muller General in marking out Grounds, L>V. for-Encampments, and an extra Assistant, from; 1 June to 24 De can her 1778 - . - - ...

Tq D®, for the Hire of Gryund for the Encampment of the Forces in the Year 1778 - - ‘ - - - .

March 4. To the Duke of Manchester, for the Pay of additional Volunteers to the

Huntiugdonshire Militia, between 26 March 177S and 24 June iol-1 ' lowing - ~ - - *

Td Lieut. General Murray, for his contingent F.xpences in the Govern-knerit of Minorca, between 24 June 77 and 25 June 1778 - -

5. To T7w5 Harley, Esquire, for the Blankets, Watch Coats,. provided

by him for the Use of the Forces at home" - -

26. To Edzv.1 Morse, Esquire,.for the llent of a House, as Chief Justice of

'Setiegambia, for One Year, to 7th February 1779 -

29, T6 Leonard Morse, Esquire, for Contingencies, as Secretary to Lord \ Am her ft, from’ 19 th fylarch 17.78. to 25 following . - -

April 12. To Messrs. Eyre and Strahan, for Printing, Paper, f tiding and covering

'Acts of Parliament,'Rules, Ordersf.try. for the Use of the Army, in the_Year 1779 -' *v *- - '. - -

¥ %

751 16 —

1,597 6 7

4,700-----

2,000, -

275 10 —

318 15 9 126 -14 2 101 15 it

398 8 6

1,127 4 —

200 19 t

302 3 ici

136 12.’ — 527 iS 9

i,54S 3 6 60------

395 -

1,293 1 n

' 7T0

20 Geo. Ill 290 Februarii. 6jt

t

Dates of Warrants.

II y'

April IS- To Robert Adair, Esquire, for his contingent Expences as Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, from 25 December 1777 to 24

ber 1778 -

30. To Ti?//)/ Gore, Esquire, for divers Necessaries furnished by him fot the Use of the Foot Guards in the Tower of London, for 6 Months, from Michaelmas 1778 to Lafy Day 1779 -

To the Colonels of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons, for Levy . Money - -

To the Colonels of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons, for Horse Furniture and Accoutrements for their respective Regiments - -

May 1 To Captain Peer William:, for the Paffige of Major General Gray, and his Suite, Worn North America to Great Britain -

20. To Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Horse Guard ;, to be by him paid over to several Artificers, for Work done in repairing the Foot Guard Rooms, Orderly Rooms, &c. (Ac. to 25 December 1776 -

2 3. To John Trotter, Inquire, for providing Hospital Bedding for the Use of the Sick in the Infirmary at Chelsea, and of the Prisoners in the Savoy Barracks -

To fVm Bejl, Esquire, for the contingent Disbursements of 3 Battalions of Hanoverians at Gibraltar, from 25 December 1777 to 24 December 1778, and of 2 D° at Minorca, from D* to D" -June 3. To Geo. Gamier, Esquire, Apothecary General, for Medicines furnished for the Forces in the fVejl Indies, Africa, and North America, in the Year 1778 -

it. To Then Harley, Esquire, for the Blankets provided for the Service of the Forces in England - - - - '- -

23. To Francis Macnamara, Esquire, in Reimbursement of Money advanced by him for the Pay of the Crew of the Lord Dartmouth armed Ship, in Senegamhia -

jo. To Colonel WM Roy, for his contingent Disbursements as Deputy Quarter Matter General and Commissary General, from 25 'December 1']’]'] to 24 June 1778 - - - -

To Captain Arch* Dickson, for the Passage of Earl Cornwallis and his Suite from Great Britain to North Americd, and for D* of Major General Majjey and his Suite from North America to Great Britain - -

To Major General Morrison, for Portage of Letters, Travelling Charges, Stationary Ware, and other Contingencies, as Quarter Master General, to is June 1779 ——

» July I. To Henry Pent on, Esquire, for Hire of Grounds for Encampments, and Damige done to the Fences, Hedges, near -

To Major General Morrison, to be by him paid over to several Persons, for Damage done to sundry Grounds hired for Encampments last Year ——

To John Newton, Esquire, for Damage don? to his Ground, Corn, &c.

by the Encampments near Winchester, in the Year 1778 To Lieut. General Monckton, to be by him paid over to several Persons, for Damage done by the Encampments at Portsmouth in 1778 August 5* To lVm Bishopp, Esquire, for the Value of a Long Boat and Two Slaves loft on the Bar of Senegal - - - .

To the Colonels of Eleven Regiments of Militia, for Knapsacks and Haveriacks for their respective Regiments -To Lieut. General Monckton, to be by him paid over to several Persons, for Damage done by the Encampments at Portsmouth - -

Td AiargaVet Henrietta Frafer, being His Majesty’s Bounty, in Confide-l-ation of the Loss of her‘Husband: - -

Tq Lieut. General JsMurray, to’ make good- Deficiencies in the Contingencies of the Government of Minorca-,- between 24 June 1778 and 23 fane 1779 ‘ V " ' " ‘

Tol Goh Sam1‘Tozvnfend, for his contingent Expences in superintending they-Recruiting Service, from 25 December 1777 to 24 June

J t: »

*5*

Sept, 8-

4

i-i

y ^778 -

_____ J4. Td Tho‘ Farrar, Esquire, for a Cargo of Flour sent to for the

l: - - Use of the Garrison there -

" L-WTo Phall, for the Pay of the Crew of the Brigantine Botetoute, imp relied to bring Dispatches from the PVefi Indies To Major General Gabbet, the Difference between British and Pay of the 66th Regiment of Foot, from 4th August 1773 to the 13 September following - - - - ’

27. To Mefirs. Cox and Mair, for the Losses sustained by the Officers of 10 Regiments of Foot, by the Symetry Brig being taken by the Rebels in December 1777

October 6. To John Trotter, Esquire, for Hospital Bedding for the Forces encamped in Great Britain, in the Year 1779

Vol. 57.

£ s- d-

2,499 9 —

6x6 13 2

1,686 — —

35° 5 —

130-----

5,042: 8

171 18 3

762 4 2

9,321 4 id

1,695 7 11

221 13 — I

235 *5 9

y

300 -

229 9 —

493 17 8

in 6 — 123 7 3 122 — — .

80----

1^165 2 10

74 9 —

310 5 —

53S 15

408 19 6

2,028 17 —

335 4 4

S8 4 7

466 14 9

214 15 —

i<f Februarii.

A. 1780.

67?

Dates of Warrants.

*779-

October 6.

14.

22.

*3-

29.

AW. 8.

11.

*7-

24.

26.

Dec. 10.

*5-

*8. *3-

17S0.

Jan. 6.

*9-

25-

26.

To Gore, Esquire, for Necessaries furnished for the Foot Guards in the Tower, for One Year, from Michaelmas 1778 to Michaelmas 779

To D*, for D* furnished for 6 Months, from Lady Day 1779 to Michael* mas following -

To Earl Waldegrave, for clothing the Drummers and Hautbois of the

Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards, from 25 March 1779 to 43 March 1781 -

To the Earl of Loudoun, for D* for the Drummers and Hautbois of the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards, from D* to D#

To the Duke of Gloucester, for D° for the Drummers and Hautbois of the 1st Regiment of Foot Guards, from D* to - - *

To Vincent Mathias, Esquire, for Disbursements on Account of ao Invalids lent from the Brmswick Troops - >

To Lieut. 7'hot Browne, for the Expence attending tire Cure of the Wounds he received in the Action on Long Island the 27 August 1776 - ....

To the Duke of Gloucester, for providing Slop Clothing for the First Regiment of Foot Guards, for the Year 1778 ..

To Thos Farrer, Esquire, for a Cargo of Wheat sent to Minorca, for the the Service of the Garrison there -

To John Trotter, Esquire, for providing Hospital Bedding for the Forces encamped at Coxheath and Portsmouth, for the Year 1779 To the Earl of Loudoun, for providing Slop Clothing for the Augmentation to the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards, for the Year 1778 To Ann Rtynell, being His Majesty’s Bounty for herself and Four Chil-

dren, in Consideration of the Loss of her Husband -To Lord M‘'Leod, for Levy Money for Four additional Companies of the

73d Regiment of Foot - -

To Alice Lucas, being His Majesty’s Bounty, in Confederation of the Loss of her Husband - - - r

To Major Tho‘ Lifter, for Horse Furniture and Accoutrements for his Corps of Light Dragoons - -

To John Trotter, Esquire, for providing Hospital Bedding for, the Use of the Forces encamped, in the Year 1779 -

To Lieut. General Prejion, to make good the Deficiency of Pay to the Serjeants, Corporals, Trumpeters, and Private Men, of the dismounted Dragoons of the 17th Regiment from 25 December 1775 to 24 December 1777 -

To Captain fVmDixon, for Expences that may be incurred oa Account of the Patfage of Major General Vaughan from Great Britain to the Leeward [/lands - -

To Tho» Harley, Esquire, for Blankets supplied for the Use of the

Troops in Camp -

To Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for Vinegar sent to St. , for the Service

of the Forces there -

To E. B. De la Fontaine, Esquire, for providing divers Utensils for the Use of the Infirmary and Barracks of the Savoy, for the Year 1779 -

To Major General Geo. Morrifott, for his contingent Expences as Quarter Master Genera), from 25 June 1779 to 24 December following -To Leonard Morse, Esquire, for his contingent Disbursements, as Secretary to Lord Amherst, from Christmas 1778 to Ckrifimas 1779 To Major General Geo. Morrison, for the Hire of Ground for the En-.

campments, and for Damage done thereon, in the Year 1779 - .

To Dan1 Mc Phall, for W ages due to himself and the Crew of the Bri-

gantine Botetoute, for One Quarter of a Year, ended ift of November

1779 " . - ' . "

To Andrezv Clinton, Esquire, for his Expences in providing and repairing Utensils, for the Use of the Barracks at Plymouth Dock, from 25 December 1778 to 24 December *779 -

r*i ti

L s. d.

81 18

335 5 0

544 9 —

344 9 —

344 9 — 88 8 s

32 1 —

S67H -

3,087 18 6

406 6

3 60 11 8

198 14 6 1,296 — — 85 3 4 M°3 5 9

138 7 io

1,183 11 11

150----

977 19 6

960 10 6

119 18 10 255 10 — 527 6 4 271 to 6

335 4 4

406 17 *

2,418,805 18 u*

War-Office,

29 February 1786.

C. Jnikinson.

An

to Geo. Ill

29° Februarii. 673

At ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Sum of 1,000,000, granted to His Majesty, to defray any Extraordinary Expences incurred* or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services for the Year

,779-

Dates of Warrants.

1779.

Aug!'ft 3.

Feb. 3.

March 12. 21.

April 9.

28.

June 17.

„ 23*

S.

!5-

28.

4-

20.

O3.15.

To Henry Tkeopbilus Clementl, Esquire, Deputy Vice Treasurer of

Ireland, to be by him, from Time to Time, applied for defraying the Charges and Expences of Encampments, and other Military Services in Ireland -

To Thomas Iiarlcy and Henry Drummond, Esquires, to be by them applied and inverted in the purchasing and Portugal Coins,

for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces in North America To I)°, for D° Service -

T o D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service

To D°, for D3 Service ——

To D\ for D® Service -

To D®, for D3 Service -

To D®, for D® Service ——

To D®, for D® Service - -

To D®, for D* Service ——

To D®, for D® Service ——

To D®, for D® Service ——

To D®, for D® Service - -

To D®, for D* Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D* Service - -

To D®, for D® Service ——

To D®, for D® Service, in Part of jf. 352,705. 11. 7 -

£. s. d.

50,060-----

74,834 4 4

H.977 JS 1 49,050 9 i 800,000 -

30.000 -

20.000 — — 31.489 7 3 62,778 19

4.200-----~

82,115 16 11 27,264 15 3

43.383 9 3 76,002 12 6

20,000 -

93,550 2 It

43.483 18 3 35.748 13 id

44,119 X5 -r*.

War Office,

29th February 1780.

C.

C 1,000,000

, in,

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Militia l\v in;l Cioihir,^.

Mr. Ord presented to the IJoufe, according to Order,

a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty: And the same was received } and read the P n II Time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

M’rv 'r

t-b'.irch.

An ingrolTcd Bill for repealing (b much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and rendering more " effectual an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for building " a new Parish Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a Chapel, for making a Ccenjetary or " Church Yard, and for building an House lor the Use " of the Minister of the Parlfti of Saint Mary-le-h one, in the County of AJiddA/ex," as impowers the Vestrymen ol (lie said Parish to build a Church upon a certain Parcel of (.round in the said Purifli, belonging to Henry Vor.. 37.

Ham Port man, Esquire, heretofore Parcel of a certain Close called The Fifteen Acres, was read the ThinJ Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty'* " Reign, intituled, An Act for building a new Parish Church, and declaring the present Parish Church " a Chapel, for making a Cemetary or Church Yard, " and for building an House for the Use of the Mi- nifter of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the " County of Alicfdlfex," as impowers the Vestrymen the said Pari lb to build a Church upon a certain Parcel of Ground in the said Parish, belonging to Henry William Porlman, Esquire, heretofore Parcel of a certain Close called The Fifteen Acres.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Adam Ferguson reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of one of the Noblemen of the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and also the humble Peti-

8 1 lion

Kirkcudbright

Stewartry

His>h*ay?f Scc. '

Ty mafn Road.

674 lo9 Februariu 1780.

tion of several Gentlemen, Heretors, and others, Proprieties of Land in the same Stewartry, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it apjreared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Ro/s Mackie, Esquire, being examined, said. That the

Powers granted by Law for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the said Stewartry, are msufficient for those Purposes; and that it would be more equitable and convenient to the Gentlemen, Heretors, and others, Proprietors of Land in the said Stewartry, if the Performance of Statute Labour, which has been found very oppressive, was converted into Money.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for converting into Money the Statute Labour in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, for the Purpose of repairing the ^Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said Stewartry: And that Sir Adam FerguJJm and Captain Keith Stewart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Grosvenor reported from the Committee,. to whom the Petition of the Creditors and Trustees of lywell and Flint Turnpike Dili rifts, in the County, of Flint, and other the Gentlemen and Clergy, and Owners and Occupiers of Lands, and Inhabitants redding near or contiguous to the Road branching out of Flint Turnpike at or near Ty maen, in the Parish of

in the said County, and extending itself. from Ty maen aforesaid, through the Towns of Newmarket and lanin the said County, and over.or across a ctrtain Marsh called Rkuddlan Marsh, to the Town of in the County of Denbigh, being an Extent of about Thirteen Miles of a direct Road, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with; and 'that the Corhmittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an -Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair " the Roads from the Town of Wrexham in the County " of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge in the County of Flint',

" and from the Town of Mold to Northopp,

" and Rhuddlan, in the same County, and from thence

" to the Ferry House opposite to the Town of Conway,

" in the County of Carnarvon, and from Ruthin to the " said Town of Mold," was read; whereby it appeared, that the Road from Ty maen, through Rhuddlan, and over Rhuddlan Marsh, to Ab, was Part of the

Roads directed to be repaired Dy the said Act, which Ad, so far as relates to the said Road, appears to your Committee to have expired at the End of the last Session of Parliament: And,

Mr. James Potts being examined, said, That the said Road leading from the Flint Turnpike Road at or near Ty maen, in the Parish of Whitford, through the Towns of Newmarket and Rhuddlan, over Rhuddlan Marsh, to Abergeley, is in a ruinous Condition, and in some Parts narrow, and totally impassable for Carriages, and cannot be effectually 1 mended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

And the Witness added. That the repairing the said Road will be of public Utility, and of great Benefit

29

and Advantage to all Persons travelling from London to Holyhead, through Chester, as it will be a considerable Saving, both in Expence and Time, being a much leveller Road than the present Turnpike Road from London to Holyhead, and shorter by 13 Miles than by any other Route; and would also open a Communication to several Collieries in the County of Flint, which would be a great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Abergeley.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, I^eave be granted that Notices may be given at the ensuing Easttr Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, and by Advertisempnts in the public Newspapers published within the same Counties, or within some hear or adjoining County, in the Months of March and April next, or one of them, of the Application to Parliament, for repairing the said Road from Ty maen to Abergeley, in such and the like Manner as are -required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, of Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills;

- The-House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for he Yeas, 5 SJ C^s i 35.

91 Mr. Grosvenor; \

Tellers for the Noes J S'r George Yonge, 1 lellers for the -Noes, Jsir } 34>

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is South concerned in- the Bill for dividing and inclosing the kilwonh Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of South Kilworth, in the County of

Leicester’, which Bill was this Day reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to Accouat* their Orders, iud PaP"s:

A particular Account of all Charges attending the Coinage, late Re-coinage of Gold in this Kingdom: And also, Tnnfpom.

A Paper, intituled, " nth February 1780, Commissioners of the Navy transmitting Accounts of " the Charges attending the hiring of Transports:"

And also, ’

A particular Account of all Charges attending the hiring of Transports by the Navy Board, by Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury:

And also,

A Lift of the Accounts of such former Paymasters Pajrmaften' General of the Forces as are delivered into the Offices General of the Auditors of the Imprefts: And also, Accouoa

A Paper, intituled, " Simon Frcifer, Merchant. Con- Contnft " trad for supplying Bread and Forage for Encamp- Bre»i ments 1778 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " John Maton. Contract for " the Supply of Bread and Forage, &c. for Encampments. Anno 1779 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Return of the Number of " Effective Men supplied by the Contrador with Bread,

" in the Encampments of 1778 and 1779, deduced " from the Number of Leaves that were furnished."

And the Titles of the said Accounts, Lift, and Papers, were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts, Lift, and Papers,

do

20 Geo.

<29* Febtuariu

&75

33 fir

h

w

ICC5

k

1

Trade of Ireland; Exporting Coin, &c.

do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members vt the House.

The said Accounts, Lift, and Papers, are preserved annngft the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Beauchamp, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Nine-

fame, and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein, would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Streets, and of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts, paired in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for better supplying the City of Wor-refer, and the Liberties thereof, with Water, and for

rcenth Year of the Reign of Henry the Seventh, or of the better paving and lighting the said City, and for any other Acts which prohibit the exporting, carrying, removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoy-

or conveying Coin out of this Realm into Ireland; and

f)much of certain Acts made in Great Britain, which

prohibit the Importation of Foreign Hops into Ireland,

and which take off the Drawback upon Hops exported from Great Britain to Ireland; and to extend to His Majesty’s Subjects re fid ing in Ireland, the Privilege of by*:ng admitted into the Turkey Company, and to en-ahie them to import into, and export from, Ireland, such for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces

ances therein) and also for paving certain othfer Streets within the Suburbs of the said City: And that Mr. Thomas Bates Rons and Mr; Wal/h do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported froth the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill

Goods as may be imported into, or exported from Great Britain, by the Merchants of England trading to The Levant Seas, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill j and which they had directed him ro report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;

while on Shore, was committed j the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon agreed to by the House.

Woredler

faring.

the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Bates Rents reported from the Commirree, to whom the Petition of several of the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His pre-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing all and every the Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Heaton, in the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Spencer sent Majesty, for better supplying the City of Worcester Stanhope, Sir James Lowther, &c.: And they are with Water, and for the better paving and lighting the meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the said City, and for removing and preventing all Ob- Speaker’s Chamber, strudions and Annoyances therein; and also the Petition of several of the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better supplying the City of Worceftewith Water, and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followethy viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned

Petition, the said Adds were read: And,

Mr. James Fewirell, Treasurer to the said Commissioners, being examined, said. That the said Acts have been proceeded to be put in Execution; but that, owing

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing, amending, and widening, the " Roads from the South West End of Netherbridge, " in the County of Westmoreland, by to

" Leven's Bridge, and from thence, through the Town " of MilItbrop, to Dixes, and from the Town of Mill-

throp aforesaid, to Hangbridge, and from thence to " join the Heron Syke Turnpike Road at The Guide Post " near Clawthrop Hall, in the County aforesaid," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Lowther, Mr. Rous, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be forthwith laid before this

to the Inlulliciency of the Rates authorized by the said House, Copies of the Monthly Returns of the Army

Acts, the Commissioners have incurred a Debt of £. 9,000 and upwards, in completing the Waterworks only, lb that the other good Purposes intended by the said Acts, cannot be eft'eded, owing to such Deficiency in the Rates. And he further said, That some further Powers and Regulations are wanting in order effectually

and Militia in Great Britain, to the I ft Day of June

*77 9-

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Admiral Sir George Bridges Rodney, Baronet, for the late signal and important Services

to complete the Whole of the useful Plan of Improve- he has rendered to his King and Country: And that j-j u.. l- r_!j An. Mr. jo signjfy the same to

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Peckell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed'to the Bill, intituled, An Act

ment intended by the said Acts

In support of the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, Mr. James being again examined, said, That the Streets in the Parish of St. Michael in Bedwardint, from the College Grates to Sid-bury, and from thence to Mary s Steps in Edgar

Street, and the Tithing of IVhiftons from the Foregate for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the bet-Street to Saint Oswald’sHofpiral, are very ill paved, and ter Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without

subject to various Annoyances; and that the paving the any Amendment: And also Voi. 37. The

Marine Forces:

Heato*

Indofur*.

Netberbridfe,

8cc.

Road.

Army

Returns.

Admiral

Rodney

thanked.

Army;

Mutiny and

PeftrfliMr

676

29° Febru

/L 1780.

Warwick,

&C.'

Roads.

Tire Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act the Powers, of an Act, made m tire 1 hirty-lirll Year Scockbruige for more efl'cctua''y repairing the Roads from Warwick of thsJLeign of his late Mai eft y King eorge the Sr to Paddle Brook, and from Warwick to Stratford upon

Avon, in lire Counties of Warwick and Worcester: and for repealing the Laws now in Force relating to the said Roads; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

10

cond, for repairing and widening, the Roads from the "Vc. Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Roads,

to the City of Winchester \ and from the said City,

Accounts; The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, imported. from die Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Corn imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, since the id of January 1772, to the ift of January 1780; dillin-guishing the several Species of Grain, and the several Years, and the Ports into which the same have been imported; And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Oats brought into the Port of London, from the Ports of Bojon and Spalding in the County of Lincoln, in the I tie of

Ely, and Lynn in the County of Norfolk, for Three Years last pad, ending the 25th December 1779 j dil-tinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The. said Accounts are preserved amongst the other. Papers of this Session.

\Y'rc'rs’5 The House being informed that Mr. Cawne, Clerk

Company. die Company of Mercers of the City of London,

a|ite(K|ed at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the War-'bdens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers " of the City of London, from the loth of October " 1778 to the 10th of October 1779, directed to lac " laid before each House of Parliament, by Two Act?, " One of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his " late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, l( An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the " Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of MerCers of the City of London and the other of the " Fourth Year of the Reign of f lis present Majesty " King George the TJiird, intituled, "An Act for the 0 Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercer* " <\f the City of London f

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is; preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

through BelimourLane, to the Top ot Stephen's

Down, near the Town of Bishop's , in the said

County; and from the said City of through

Otterborne, to Bargute, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Rifulved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen-ton, Mr. Yownjhend, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the principal Merchants and Tradesmen of the City of York, whose Names are thereunto Cub- £>ebwt*‘ feribed, was presented to House, and read; Faking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonmeat of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who tl shall continue in Execution in Piilon beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are " mentioned in the Ad, to make Discovery of, and " deliver upon Oath, their Estates, for their Credttors’ Benefitand representing to the House, That the Objects of the said Bill, as well as the Provisions thereof, appear to the Petitioners to be of moll dangerous and destructive Tendency, not only to the Interests of the Petitioners, and other Individuals, but also most highly prejudicial to the Public Credit in general, if the same should be carried into a Law And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or their Coun-fel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Mariners to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and

upon the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vest-fels, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they <had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive thp fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-fnorrow Morning.

t<(V:

IS

T

In

kuLII

e

l

At count of Q dcrecU That such a Number of Copies of the Ac-Ixtnsu»b» comn* Extraordinary Services incurred and paid by printed. ~ the Ripht honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaher General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 31st of ja-nvary 1779 and the ill of February 1780, and not pro-. r vtded lor by Pnrhafaent, which was this F>ay presented

' K) the House, be printed, as Ural 1 be sufficient for the

IJlc of the Members.of the House.

;:c. Ordered, That fu.ch 0. Number of Copiijs of the Account of the Distribiun n of the Sum of £. i,coo, oco, fltrkntfed. to His Majesty to defray any Extraordinary Kxpcnres incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services for the Year 1779, Much was this ftiv pTcfeuted to ihii House, be printed, as Bull be hihicient for the Use of the Members of the House. - .

A Rill to continue the Term, and altqr and enlarge 19

A Bill to enable Members of the House of Com- Mortal mens to be eligible to serve in Parliament for ajny other for other County, City, Borough, Town, or Place, was, accord- pjg'ce. ing to Order, read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being pur. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TelWs for ehe Yos,$;

Tcllere for the Non, j} 66'

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Elwes, according to Order, reported from the Voters at Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to C.>u«ty remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Eir.-hom) Elections was re-committed; the Amendments which. i

1

ST ST

importing Corn in Foreign Shipping-

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Committees.

Encouragement ot Seamen*

Accounts; Ecafions.

ao Geo..III. 29° — -a0 Martii,

the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved. That the Order made Yes-terdav, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, to confuitr of the exporting of Corn in Foreign Shipping, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee ot tire whole House, To-morrrow Morning, to con-fufer further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Rejo/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yesterday, lor the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, To-inorrow Morning, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to lit, not* wilhtlanding any Adjournment of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Tufoived, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole H outc, upon the Bill to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and " effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy," and for making further Provisions for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Note. The said Account, not being perfect, was withdrawn by an Order of the House of the 7th Instant, and another presented on the 9th.

The House being informed that Mr. NaiJJi, from the Accounts; Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he band Tax, was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Gross and Nett Produce of the Land Tax for the last Ten Years as far as the same can be made up; distinguiship.g each Year: And also,

An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were {landing out at Lady Day 1779, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remain, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof: And also,

An Account of what Arrears of the Window Lights were (landing out at Lady Day last, and how much on Account of the Year 1779 are paid into the Exchequer: And also,

Accounts from the several P.eceivers General of the Amount of the Land Tax for the Year 1779, in their Hands on the 7th of February 1780, except those from Mr. Atkinson, Receiver for Cumberland, Mr. Morgan for

Monmouthshire, Mr. Lloyd for North Part, and

Mr. Herbert lor North IVaUs, Part, which are not yet received.

Together with a Summary of the ’aft-mentioned Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the ’I itlcs of the said Accounts and Summary

were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Summary do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the

House

The said Accounts and Summary are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Puller, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented totlie House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as Accounts; it stood on the 3 ill December 1779: And also, Navy Debt

An Account {hewing the Increase of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the 31st December 1779, with 1 the Peafons for the said Increase: And also,

An Account of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, which were made out on or before the 31st Day of January 1780, and which yet remain unpaid; distinguishing the Sums made out in each Month.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Accounts -were read.

The said Estimate and Accounts are as followeth; viz.

jovis, 2* die Martii;

Anno 20° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Jennings, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,' pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all subsisting Pensions, granted by the Crown during Pleasure, or otherwise, and payable at the Exchequer; specifying the Amount of such Pensions respectively, and the Times when, and Persons to whom -such Pensions were granted.

And then he withdrew.

Vol. 37. $ K. Navy

678

2° Martii.

A. 1780.

Navy Office, 15th February 1780

7 An ESTIMATE of the DEBT of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter . y mentioned, as it stood on the 31st December 9.

HEADS of tkNAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, and Transports. Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, tse. liipplied for the Service thereof -For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, &c. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st cember 177$, as also to several Bills of Exchange -To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council, on that Behalf.....-

Seamen’s Wages.

Due to pay the Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1779 To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course, for Slop Clothes, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons’ Necessa-ries, Free Gifts, Use. -

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due for Short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -For paying oft’ all Bills entered on their Course -ForProvisionsdelivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid aift December

*779 -

For Necessary Money, Extra-ditto Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies 1 -To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due to the Quarters and Cure of Sick tjnd Hurt Seamen, let on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and for Contingencies relating to the said Office -

The Total amounts to the Sum of Nine Million Four hundred Eighty-two thousand Nine hundred Thirty-two Pounds and Nine Pence -From whence deducing the Money inY Y

the Treasurer’s Hands - -f as on the other f -And also the Money that remained f Side.

to come in of the Supplies -j The Debt will then be Eight Million Three hundred Fifty-seven thousand Eight hundred Seventy-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence Farthing

N.B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports between ill January 1779 and 31st December following And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers and Prisoners of War, between 1 ft January 1779 and 31st December following, amounts to

For which Sum of £.732,512. 8. 8. no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years, ——

Tire Nett Debt of the Navy will then be Seven Million Six hundred Twenty-five thousand Three hundred Sixty-five Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight Pence Farthing -

Particulars.

£. s. d.

3,674,852 17 9 "

628,017 11 *1 )

239,641 — —

76,189 8 2 -

287,245 1 3 1

*,795.781 13 1 ►

251,944 2 11 .

18,069 9 2

2,320,216 2 6

4t,449 17 9

*2,501 12 10

18,751 1 2 s

T -

435,800 6 4* 1

689,253 16 - -I i

630,581 5 8 ‘ i

*01,931 3 m

TOTAL.

C- *' *

4,618,710 17 10

2,334»97* *7 4

2,420,9;

108,261 2 2

9,482,931 — 9 *,*5»°54 2 4$

8,357,877 t8 4i

73*,512 8 8

9 8*

Cha' Middleton. J. Williams. Geo. M

EduHunt. W. Palmer.

W. Bateman. R. Temple.

Memorandum

I /

o

r

04

Memorandum: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

1779, in Money, as undermentioned, and may be reckoned

O

In what Treasurer’s Hands. Jx^-Monejr. On the Heads of #

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Ttanfports. Seamen’s Wage*. Victuals. \ TOTAL.

Right honourable George Grenville £ln Money ---- (Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - £ *' d. 7>645 a 7i £ *>473 107 s. I 9 d. ni 7i £ S' 2,379 16 d. } /* L-11,605 s. 10 d. 7 i

Right honourable Wn Lord V ifeount Barrington fin Money - (Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - 7>°5X Si 3»45a 35 1 10 4 xoi 1,640 7 7-1 - 12,179 19 3

RiehthonourableR'Lord Viscount Howe yin Money ---- I Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - 10,152 16 u| 8,278 J9 7 12 il 6( 2,094 15 -} - - 2°>545 11 I0|

Righ t honourableS irGi/5‘ Elliot, Baronet fin Money - - - - (Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - 9,612 1 4,662 102 8 1 2i 71 6,705 15 m 3il - 21,082 6 2|

Right honourable tVel-bort Ellis, Esquire - fin Money (Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - 208,803 12 1 112,147 22,341 *3 16 i°i 5 27,093 16 m 370,386 18 5

£ 243>*65 s.% 2| 152,620 3 7i 39,914 10 H - 435,800 6 "4*

o

M

o

There remained, on the 31st Dtcmbtr j 779, to come in from the Exchequer of the Supplies of the Year 1779

D

cq'

h

CD

Q_

n

£' t. d.

689,253 16 —

ON

VO

Navy-Office, 7 An ACC OUNT (hewing the Increase of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy on the 31st December 1779; with the Reasons for the said Increase j prepare^ ajth eh nary 1780.3 pursuant to a Precept of the honourable House of Commons, dated the »ift of February 1780.

Debt of the Navy on the 31st December *779 -

Debt of the Nary on the jift December 1778, a« presented to Parliament

£ ' *

8,3S7>«77 4

S,»75»6o7 3 >°*

Shews the Debt of the Navy, on the 31st December 1779, to be increased

3,182,970 14

si

D

cq'

1 — K

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

O

OO

REASONS for the said Increase, on Account of the Navy;

Charge of Transports, between i ft ^January and 31st December 1.779 ——

Charge of Vi£tuallers, for Applying the Troops Abroad with Provisions, between ad February and 31st December 1779.

interest incurred on Navy Bills - - - - ’ - -

Head Money paid for taking or destroying the Enemy’s Ships of War and Privateers -

Eounty paid to Volunteer Seamen and Landmen*- with the Expence of railing Menton Shore -

The Amount of the Ereight of Tenders, and Wages of the Men employed therein, exceeds the Allowance of £.2. u. allotted for Wear and Tear, and Wages, by - -

Hire of Cutters, employed as armed Vessels, and manned by the Owners - -

Price of Ships purchased at Home and Abroad - - - - *

Expence of 17,767 Seamen and Marines, borne more than voted by Parliament, for Wear and Tear, and Wages -

For building Ships in Merchants’ Yards, above what was provided for in the Extra Estimate - -

Expence of iheathing His Majesty’s Ships with Copper Sheers, and other Copper Materials ——

For Building the Marine Barracks at Chatham -

Bounty paid to the Widows and Children of Men (lain in Fight, and-Gratuities to Officers wounded -

Expence on Account of the Longitude ....

Vslae paid for the Ccuntefs of Scarbro9 arrred Ship, taken by the Enemy, and Salvage of the Helena Sloop and Elephant Storeship - -

Judge Advocate’s and other Expences, occasioned by the Trials of Admiral Kepptl and Vice Admiral Sir H. Palli/rr -

For Freight, Demurrage, and other Charges, on the Cargoes of Neutral Ships, loaded with Naval Stores for the Enemy’s Ports -

For maintaining French, Sfanish, and Rebel Prisoners at Home [and Abroad, and r.Jfo for Clothing and Money supplied the Britjfi Prisoners in

France - ....

Levy Money paid in Recruiting His Majesty’s Marine Forces ——

The Stores in His Majesty’s Magazines, at Home and Abroad, and on the Passage out to the Eg ft and IFeft India, at the End of the Year 1779, exceeds the Value of those in Store at the End of the Year 1778, which, together with the advanced Prices on Hemp, Iron, Tar, Pitch, Cordage, ‘and sundry other Species of Stores, compared with ti»e Prices given in the Year 175^, may be assigned as Reasons for the remaining Sum of.

A

T* be accounted for by the

r* Navy. 1 Vi6fualling.

£ ' <* 499,261 19 11 131,319 5 9 8*.137 9 5 . 15,*45 .146,030 — 2 2,152,851 10 8} £. s. J. 1,029,419 3 9i

29,250 — — 16,092 11 5 .74,847 4 658,267 7 — 43,41 r 18 4 70,838 8 — 5,694 11 3 3,369 2 9 y 1,428 6,649 16 9 2,257 — 11 94,240 13 5 -

151,203 17 9 18,669 11 —

102,617 11 — i 2,152,851 10 8

1

00

Marin.

o

On Account of the Victualling, as per Estimate ffcefred from those CommiHoner* t

Expence of victualling Land Forces ....

Ditto - Prisoners of War.....

The Number of Men muttered between ift January and 31st December 1779, c*ceed* the Number roted 15,868 Men for a and at 19. a a Month, is - ..... ....

Viftiiailinjj Men not included in the Mutters . ....

Extnf'reijihts and Demurrage ----- - J - - - *.

Additional Allowance of Vinegar, per Estimate - - - - -«,_* .

Intefett paid and incurred on Bills..... .....- - -

Taking down and re-building a Stone Wall on the Side of the Creek at PToevil, near Pertfmouth

Amount of Provisiom sent for the Supply of His Majesty’s Out Ports, and supposed to be on the WSf on the jjft Victmltr 1779 -

Amount of Provirfions, £s»V. lent for the Supply of His Majesty’s Ships in N<rih America - - .

Ditto - Ditto - - - - JVcft Indies -

Ditto ..... Ditto ..... East Indies ....

Ditt# - - lent Abroad, under Convoy of Admiral Sir G. B. Rodney .....*....

Ditto - - estimareti to have been on board several Ships of War, when Jott, taken, or destroyed

Ditto / - loft in the Thomas and Martha Victualler, stranded in the River Thames -

Value of victualling Ships funk at Rhode IJUnd.....------- *

Bills of Exchange drawn from the East Indies, for the Service of His Majesty's Ships there in preceding Years, which hare been paid in the present

Year ....

Billi made oat to Ptirfers, on the Balance of their victualling Accounts, numbeicd in this Year, for Accounts which terminated in former Years, and not included in any former Debt, in regard it could not be known, until their Accounts were made of, whether they were Debtor* or

Creditors - - -..... - .

Salvage of Proviso ns from several ViO nailers, Csfc.....-....

Ttierc were a greater Number of His Majesty’s Ship* in CommitBnn on 31st December 1779 than on 3 Ul December 1778, and consequently the Remains of Provifcoos on hoard on ii&J)ccember 1779* mutt greatly exceed the Remains of the preceding Year, which, with the high Prices paid for Provisions for the Uk ctf His Majesty’s Ships in Foreign Parts, together *ith the Walk and Decay of Provtftona, my be presumed to be Reasona for the remaining 'Sum tu - -- -- -- .

£' *

97.09* 7f 4.8}* 14 44

196,116 16 — m 4 *30,449 10 7 *3.956 *6 — 46,139 3 — 3.700 — — *S’333 it }« 166,995 t$ 7} 74.847 19 |i »8,8oo 15 jf 32,29* iy 14,733 — 2,606 a 9 5.683 j s

i6, S6o — —

35,628 1.365 16 10

>38.85° >8 9

m

£ d*

1^9,419 3 9l

Out Middleton

y. Williams,

T. Brett,

Geo. Marshy

A. Temple,

£. Le Gras.

O

(Q

r — +-

n‘

CD

.CL

CT

O

o

eg

FT

0\

00

ao Geo. III. i° Martii.

682

a° Martii.

A. 1780.

Navy-Office, 25th February 1780.

An ACCOUNT of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, which werejnade out on or before the 31st Day of January 1780, and which yet remain unpaid; distinguishing the Sums made out in each Month: Prepared pursuant to an Order from the honourable House of Commons, dated the 21st February 1780.

la what Month made out. Na*y Bill*. f; General To'iAtr

Vi&uatling ! Bills. '

( For Naval Service. For Transporr Service, and Army Victuallers. c Total.

£ s. d. £ s. d. & r. d. £ d. r. d.

1778 May 129.433 12 1 24,687 4 9 154, wo 16 10 85,917 .7 9- ...240,038., -4l 7

June 138,672 11 — 28,294 11 7 166,967 2 7 93,939 3 10 260,906 6 5

July 128,213 3 — 42,454 18 2 170,670 11 2 94,509 4 5 265,179 i5 7

August 128,225 *5 2 33,63* 10 3 161,858 5 5 97,537 " 2 259,395 16 7

September 194,65° 3 7 46,358 3 2 241,008 6 9 103,086 — 8 344,°9 4 7 5

October 216,870 5 9 31,919 9 9 248,789 *5 6 92,869 9 6 341,659 5

November 172,329 *5 3 30,302 8 6 202,632 3 9 90,301 13 9 ,292,933 *7 6

December 127,911 16 6 25,602 5 4 153,5‘4 1 10 143,201 7 10 296,715 9 8

1779 January 84,580 *9 10 22,142 10 5 106,723 IO 3 124,017 7 .2 230,740 17 5

February 108,140 5 8 91,688 8 3 199,828 *3 11 109,686 it 8 5 7

March i3°»8l7 4 8 87,811 8 6 218,628 *3 2 123,219 18 2 341,848 11 4

April 125,667 8 2 53,248 10 173,916 3 — 129,530 19 3 308,447 2 3

May 131,164 — 11 62,142 2 4 193,306 3 3 124,087 -16 3 317,393 *9 6

June 144,946 16 2 39,488 1 2 184,434 17 4 93,6*5 17 9 278,060 15 1

July 192,893 *3 7 " 23,840 2 n / 216,733 16 2 84,080 15 11 300,814 12 1

August 147.744 8 3; - 24,696 8 6 172,440 16 9 125,613. 2 1 298,053 1S 10

September 148,442 — 7 37,362 9 5 185,804 10 — 136,141 17 7 321,946 7 7

October 149,382 8 11 63,203 2 2 212,585 11 1 148,784-15 10 . ,361,370 6 11

November I53»500 *3 7 7i, 751 H 5 225,25a 8 — 160,763 I 5 386,015 9 5

December 187,932 5 1 .69,415 10 5 257,347 15 6 127,748*18, 3 385,996 13 9

1780 January 169,174 *7 11 3°>529 12 5 199,704 10 4 13i»599 2 — 33I,3°3 i'± 4

£ 3,110,696 lS -8 940,571 l6 11 4,051,268 12 '7 2,420,261 2 3 6,471 »53° I;4 IO

The Whole amounting to the Sum of Six Millions Four hundred and Seventy-one thousand Five hundred and Thirty Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten Pence. *

Chet Middleton. Geo. Marsh.

T. Brett. R. Temple.

J. Williams. E. Le Cras.

Edvf Hunt.

IV. Palmer.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Birmingham, Sir Thomas Skipwith reported from the Committee, to ic- whom the Bill to continue, enlarge, and render more R°ads. effectual, the Term and Powers in Three several Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warningm, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through to Warmington aforesaid, and so on to the utmost Limits of the said County on Edgehill aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the tame *to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made teveral Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report to the' House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s, Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One» and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed."

Ordered,

ao Geo. Ill,

2° Marin. 3

HiccItsdeU Ordered, That all have Voices, who come tb the R'wd. Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road from The , at Broken " Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Ghefier,

" through Macclesfield Forest, to the present Turnpike Road at the South End of the Torvnship of " Buxton, in the County of Derby; " and for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, a Road branching from the said Turnptke Road at or near the House of Eduard Bayley, to the Coal Pits at Thatch Marsh and Goit, and from thence to rejoin the said Turnpike Road at Thatch Marjlt aforesaid, and from the said Turnpike Road near The Bar, to the Lime Kilns

at 7he Grin, is committed.

Mflton Sir John Palmer reported from the Committee, to lo^brav wj10m the Petition of the Moll noble Charles Duke Oan:lim of Putt land, and the humble Petition of several Gen-Road. tlemen, Clergy, and others, of the Counties of Lincoln and Leicester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative toTurnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followerh; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Pelt00*1, Mr. Eduard Stokes, Junior, being examined, laid. That he knows the Road leading from Thorpe Bridge, at the Fall End of the Town of Melton in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, is much out of Repair, narrow in feme Places, and cannot be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That I-cave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Road from a certain Bridge at the East End of the Town of Melton

bray, in the County of to the Town of Gran-

tham, in the County of Lincoln: And that Sir John Palmer, Mr. Hunger ford, and Mr. Darker, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Cntncitstreet A Bill for repairing, lighting, watching, and clean-

P»vinj, &c. fir.g, Gofivell Street, in the County of r, and also Bull Yard, GlasshouseYard, the North Side of Fan's Alley, Mount Mill, and Willow Court; and for removing Nuisances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. bert, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

tncouocemcm A Petition of the Owners of Ships belonging to Scan! n ^ort: of Scarborough, \n th County of York, was

anion" presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by a Clause in an Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty’s.. Reign, for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy, if any Ship should be proved in the Court of Admiralty, to have belonged to any of llis Majesty’s Subjects, which were before taken or fur prized by any of His Majesty’s Enemies, and afterwards retaken by any of His Majesty’s Ships of War, or any, private Man of War, that-then such Ships should, in all Cases, be adjudged- to be restored, and should be, by Decree of the said Court of Admiralty, accordingly restored to such former Owner Or Ownersj Vol_ 37.

he or they paying, for and in lieu of Salvage, One Eighth Part of the true Value of the Ship to be restored, such Salvage to be paid and divided as therein diteded; which Clause the Petitioners conceive to be very' detrimental to the Owners of such Ships of small Value as may be taken and retaken, as well on Acfcount of the Length of Time the Property is withheld from the Owners, before a Decree for Restitution can be obtained in the Court of Admiralty, as also of the great Expence attending Adjudications in that Court, the Owners’ Proportion whereof being Seven Eighths, generally amounts to double the Salvage due to the Recaptors, which induces the Petitioners to believe, that the Owners of Ships of l’mall Value will find it more beneficial to ranlbm their Ships wheft taken by an Enemy, than to futter them to be retaken (if a Chance offered) by any of His Majesty’s Ships, or any private Ships of War, as the Owners, by ransoming, will have the immediate Possession of their Property, and often at a less Expence than what the Salvage and Expences of Adjudication amount to; but as the ransoming of Ships taken by the Enemy is depriving the Officers and Crews of Ships of War of considerable Sums of Money, and veiling the same in His Majesty’s Enemies, the Petitioners prelume the Salvage may be ealily and speedily settled between the Owners or Mailers of rc-taken Ships, and the Commanders or Agents of Ships of War, which will be a Saving to their Officers and Crews of at lead One Eighth Part of the Expeifce attending Adjudications in the Admiralty Court: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that all Ships, employed in the Coal and Coasting Trade, may be exempt from Adjudications in the Admiralty Court, and that such other Relief may be given to the Owners of Ships as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and " effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy," and for making further Provisions foT those Purposes, is committed.

A Petition of the principal Merchants and Trades- Imprisonment men of the Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Be- e tors* half of themselves and other Merchants and Tradesmen of the said Town and Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Debtors, a

" with relped to the imprisonment of their Persons; <.

" and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for " Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Ad,'

" to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their " Estates for their Creditors’ Benefitand representing to the House, That the Objects of the said Bill, as well as ’ the Provisions thereof, appear to the Peti-. tionets to be of a moll dangerous and destrudiveTen-. dency, not only to the Interests of the Petitioners and other Individuals, but also most highly prejudicial to the Public Credit in general, if the same should be carried into a Law: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of the principal Manufacturers and Trades- Ditto, men of the To vn of Nottingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of them* selves and other Manufacturers of the said Town, was also presented to the House, and read; Liketvi.e taking Notice of the said Bill; and representing to the House,' That* the Objects, as well as the P.ovisions

thereof,

684 2° Martii. . 1780.

thereof, appear to the Petitioners to be of most dan* gerous and destructive Tendency, not only to the Interests of the Petitioners and other Individuals, but also most highly prejudicial to the Public Credit in general, if the same should. be carried into a Law: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pals into a Law.

And the said Petitions were feveially ordered to lie upon the Table.

Shepton Mr. Pheltps reported from the Committee, to whom My the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of *’ the Town of Shepton M in the County of

set, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the find Town, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report, in his Plaoe; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol-k>weth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr, William Paget informed your Committee, That the Town of Shepton Malet is a great Thoroughfare for Travellers and Carriages, which frequently pais through *the same in the Night: That the public Roads or Streets within the hud Town are very narrow in many Parts, 'and fobjefk to Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances, which makes it very unsafe for Travellers, especially in the Night Time.

And the Witoefs said. It would tend to the Safety and Advantage of Travellers, if the said Roods or Streets were properly lighted, and several Incroachments, Obstructioas, and Annoyances removed; for that in fonve Parts of the Streets, there is not Room for Two Carriages to pass each other.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-forth of his late Majesty, and the Fifth of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town of Shepton Ma, in the County Sowerfet j

and for repairing the Roads from Steen Bow Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from to Piper's

Bin, and from Ckilkwell to Glastonbury, and from Shepton Malet to a Place called The White Post, in the Turnpike Road leading from Bath to Wells, in the said County, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for lighting the several Streets leading through the said Town of Shepton and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obit fuctions, and Annoyances therein.

Worcester Mr. Thomas Bates Rous presented to the House, ac-avin£‘ cording to Order, a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for better supplying the City of and the Liberties

thereof, with Water, and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and also for paving certain other Streets within the Suburbs of the said City: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ships on the Account of the Number of Line of Battle Ships, and i*n*?'ca other Ships of War, on the ’Jamaica Station, from the 4 i ft of January 1757, to the Conclusion of the War; distinguishing each Year, and the Names and Rates of the Ships.

Gloucester Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom anJStreew, *kc ^>ct‘t‘on of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and

*c.

Common Council, of the City of , in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition , and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Pitt being examined, said. That he knows the City of Gloucester — That the Markets are held in the principal Streets and Passages thereof, which occasions many and great Inconveniencies to the Inhabitants of, and all other Persons resorting to, the said City — That the Building called The Upper North Gate, which is used as the Common Gaol of the said City, is very inconvenient and incommodious, and being situate across one of the principal Streets of the City, occasions frequent Obstructions to Carriages; that the same is a very ancient Building, and is lb greatly gone to Decay, that it is'necessary a new one Ihoukl be built in a more commodious Situation — That there are Two Gateways, called The Lower North Gate, and The South Gate, which being also situate across the principal Streets of the said City, occasion great Obstructions in the passing through the fame.

Then an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor within the City of Glou

cefttr, and for lighting the Streets of the said City, was read: And,

Mr. Pitt being again examined, said. That the said Act is in many Respects detestive; and that it is necessary to make some Alterations and Amendments therein.

Then an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets in the City of Gloucester, and other Purposes, was read:

And,

The Witness being further examined, said, That the said Act is very defective, and not sufficient for the Purposes thereby intended; and that it is necessary feme further Powers should be given for tire more effectual carrying the same into Execution.

Mr. John Wilkins Jephfon being examined, confirmed the above Evidence. ’

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing and establishing a Market, for eroding a new Gaol and House of Correction, and for removing certain Gateways in the City of Glo; and for amending the several Acts passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the Streets there: And that Mr.

Barrow and Mr. Selwyn do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Trert Brdjt thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, and of several other Persons frequently resorting to or passing through the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repealing Two Acts, made in the Eleventh and Twenty-seventh Years of tire Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through otherwise

lingstock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester; and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the Grid Road; and Setting forth, That the Street or Road from the said Bridge called Cotes Bridge, where the said Turnpike ends, to and through the Town of Loughborough, to its Junction with the Turnpike Road from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, to London, in the said Town, is, by

reason of the increased Wear thereof, and the Number of heavy Carriages passing along the feme, become very

ruinous

Teirtriflf and Ho. ton lucloiurc.

Abcryflwy'h

Harbour.

MaUftone

Four.

Mold, &c. Roads.

ao Geo. III. 2*

ruinous and incommodious, and the Inhabitants there* of are unable to keep the same in proper Repair; and that it would be a great Convenience to all Persons travelling that Road, or resorting to the Town of Loughborough, it" the said Street or Road was put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for the said Nottingham and Cotes Bridie Road, by which Means Che Communication- between Nottingham and the don Road alordaid, would be completed: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for extending the said Road from the South West End of the said Cotes Bridge, at a certain Bridge called The Hermitage Bridge, into and through the said Town or Lovghtcmgk, to iis Jumdion with the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, to London, in the said Towo of Loughborough, or that they may have such Relief in the Pivmiics as to rh-: House shall icem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coni:deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, t > the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Darker, Mr. Townfltend, &ic.: And they are to meet To morrow Morning* at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Whittked Kea:eprofited to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open. Common, and WafttT ands, within the Manor cl Ti rtrifiand also a certain Parcel of Open, Common, and Walk Land, called ;/within the Manor ol Horten, in the County of Montgomery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refobed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repairing, enlarging, ;*.id improving, the Hub ’in of Aberxjlzoxth, in the County of Cardigan,

was read a Second Time.

Rejcbed, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Lijlu' tie, Mr. Johnes, Nc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at 1 ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s 'Chamber;

Mr. Charts Finch p/.Tented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a B’ll for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor in the Town and Parish of Maiilstone, in the County of And the same was

received; and rt:.<! the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Wallin/ / 111; a ms Wynn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, Trustees appointed by or in pur-iuance of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Mold to Denbigh, and from thence to Tal y Cafn and Conway, and other Roads in the Counties of Den-

bigh, Flint, and Carnarvon, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared t» them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; by which it appeared. That the Roads directed to be repaired thereby, were divided into Three Districts; and that the Road leading from

Wrexham to Denbigh, through the Parishes of

ham, Llandegla, L/anamon, in Yale, Dyffry,

Chvyd, Llanrhydd, Ruthin,

VOL. 37.

rhaiadr, and Denbigh, is called The Third Disrifl cf Roads: And,

Mr. Fottlk Roberts informed your Committee,. That several Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tofts cpllefted within the said District, which, together with the Toll*, have beeo duly applied in repairing the said Road; and that great Progress has been made therein; but that the same cannot be completed, and kept in sufficient Repair, nor the Money owing be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, fa far as relates to the said Third District, are continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, myde in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping ip Repair the " Roads from the Town of Mold to the Town of " Denbigh, anti from thence to TaLy Cafn and Conway,

" and from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of *' Ruthin' and Denbigh, and the Town and Port of " Ruthland^ in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and " Carnarvon," as relates to the Road from Wrexham to

the Towns of Ruthin and Denbigh: And that Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Mr Myddelton, and Mr. Williams, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Adam Fergtffon presented to the House, accord- KiriccqJbrighr ing to Order, a Bill for converting into Money the Statute Labour in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, for '&c. the Purpose of repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said Stewartry; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secood 'Time.

The House being informed that Mr- Clelan, from Accoaat the Office of Paynufter of Peafiuns, attended at thp Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to *en on,‘ the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of Pensions, Deduction for Taxes,- Fees,

Charges, £sY. in the Office of Lord Viscount Gagty Pay mailer, from 5 th January t779, ingiufiw;, tQ 5U1 January 1780.

And then be withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is ptelerved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

Fechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and nc 0 ure* Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Stave-ley, in the County of Derby , without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Chappel Bar, Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Nottingham made in the Ttiircy-feccnd Year of the Reign of his Ma- Road, jesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for *s repairing and widening the Roads from Chappel Ba,

" near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to " Newhaven, and from the Four Lane Ends near " erthorpt, to Ashborne, and from The Cross Poll on WirksworthMoor, to join the Road leading from

" Chesterfield to Chappel-ende-Frith, at or near " ft on, in the County of Derby, and from Sel/lon to " Annejley Woodhouse, in the County of Nottingham j"

Svithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bilft intituled, An Act Grantba-n, for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, &c* made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln through Bottesford and Bingham

8 M "V

686

Marl'd,

' A. 1780.

of the Public Mim

Hearhnm

Inclosure.

Road.

" to Nottingham,‘Trent Bridge, and from Chafpel Bar, rited Pensions, and to appropriate the Produce to the

near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Necessities of the State, in such Manner as to the WifSaint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby, and from dom of Parliament shall seem meet.

" The Guide Po/l in the Parish of Lenton, to Savo/ey A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Expreibt Ferry," as relates to the Road leading from Chappel holders, of the County of Surrey, was also prefc.ited Bar, near the West End of the Town of Notting- to the House, and read; Setting forth. That your Petitioners, in common with others the Proprietors of Lands, and Inhabitants of this Kingdom in general, labour under. the Prefi'ure of new and burthensome Taxes Year after Year, imposed for the Purpose o» discharging the growing Interest of an already enormous, but still accumulating National Debt; that this Nation hath been engaged for several Years in a most expensive and unfortunate War; that many of our valuable Colonies, having actually declared themselves indepen-

ham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby

and from The Guide Post, in the Parish of Lemon, to Sacvlcy Ferry; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lands and Grounds, called Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Breeks, Commons, and Wastes, within the Parish of Heacham, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to" the Bill, intituled, An Act dent,’ have formed a drift Confederacy with France and

far enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the c" :------------ u~

Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from 'the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through

Spain, the inveterate Enemies of Great; that the Consequences of those combined Misfortunes hath been a large Addition to the National Debt; a heavy Accumulation of Tates a rapid Decline of the Trade, Maoufactures, and Land Rents of the Kingdom; and the Towns of Pleafley, Giapwell, Heath, and Normenton, that your Petitioners are iuftly alarmed at the Diminution " and the Liberty of Hafland, to the Turnpike Road of the Resources of this Country, at a Time when they leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of feel their Burthens daily and grievously increasing j that

without any

Tottcnhill with Wtft Briggs laclofim.

" Ghejlerfield, in the county of;

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. Act Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lands and Grounds, called Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Shack Meadows, and also certain Commons, Severals, and Wastes, within the Parish of Totten hill with West Briggs, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew'. V

Espeaditare A, Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, PubiktMoM*. CountY Huntingdon, was prelenred to the

; - House, and read; Setting forth. That this Nation hath been engaged for several Years in a most expen-live and unfortunate War; that many of our valuable

they humbly conceive that, of the enormous Sums levied for the pretended Necessities of Government, a much finiller Proportion would answer all the Purposes of its real Exigencies; and that these extraordinary Demands upon them are applied to (what they humbly submit therefore as the immediate and visible Cause of their present Grievances) the Support of divers Persons whose Emoluments of Office are enormous, of divers others polfflfeJ of superfluous and unnecessary Place?, of a numerous Lift of unileferved Pensions, and of many hitherto unexplained, and unauthorized Services, from which, at the same Time that an enormous and uncon-ftitutional Influence is derived to the Crown, your Petitioners conceive, that no adequate Benefit accrues to the Public, and to :!ie further Maintenance and Support of which, under the present Diminution of the Rents of Colonies, hiving actually declared themselves indepen- Land Owners, and the otherwise impoverished Confident, have formed a strict Confederacy with France and tion of them, and the Inhabitants of the Kingdom in Spain, the dangerous and inveterate Enemies of Great general, they find themselves no longer equal; your Peti-Britaiu, that the Consequence of those combined Mis for- tione.s, therefore, sinking as they thus are under Burthens tunes hath been a large Addition to the National Debt, every Day increasing, and the alarming Consideration of a heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a repid Decline of their once ample Reflmrces continually diminished, do Trade, Manufactures, and Land Rents, of the King- humbly appeal to, and implore the Justice of, this ho-dom a Alarmed at the diminished Resources and grow- nourable House, earnestly intreating them to interpose ing Burthens of this Country, and convinced that rigid their Authority on lo momentous an Occasion (before Frugality is now indispensably necessary in every De- any further Burthens arelaid upon this Country) byen-partment of the State, your Petitioners observe, with quiring into and correcting the many flagrant Abuses in Grief, that, notwithstanding the calamitous and impo- the Expenditure of Public Money, by a timely Reduction verished Condition of the Nation, much Public Money of the exorbitant Emoluments of many efficient Officers has been improvidently squandered, and that many In- of the State, by a total Abolition of all unnecessary

dividuals enjoy sinecure Places, efficient Places with exorbitant Emoluments, and Pensions unmerited by Public Service, to a large and ftiil increasing Amount, whence the Crown has acquired a great and unconditional Influence, which, if not checked, must soon prove fatal to the Liberties of this Country: Your Petitioners, conceiving that the true End of every legitimate Government is not the Emolument of any Individual, but the Welfare of the Community, beg Leave further to represent, that, until effectual Measures be taken to redress the oppressive Grievances herein dated, the Grant of any additional Sum of Public Money, be-

Places and unmerited Pensions, and by applying the Produce thereof to the Exigencies of the State alone, in such Manner as to the WifJom of Parliament shall leem best calculated for the Purposes of its future Support, and forefleftually restoring its ancient Dignity and Vigour.

And the said Petitions were severalljr ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered That there be laid before this House, an exact Account of all Fees, Perqoifites, and Allowances, paid to the several Officers, and others, employed in His Majesty’s Mint, upon the late Re-coinage

liU

Account; Perqoilitrt In the Mini.

yond the Produce of the present Taxes, will be injurious of the Gold Coin, signed by the Officers who claimed

or received such Fees, Perquisites, and Allowances j specifying the Names of the Persons for whose Benefit they were received.

Ordered, That there be laid before tin's House, an

to the Rights and Property of the People, and deroga tory from the Honour and Dignity of Parliament;

Your Petitioners, therefore, appealing to the Justice of this honourable House, do most earnestly request,

That, before any new Burthens are laid upon this Country, effectual Mcalures may be taken, to inquire into Account of alt Monies actually received into His Ma-and correct the gross Abuses in the Expenditure of jesty’s Exchequer, and other the King’s Offices, and Public Money, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments, by all others, Receivers, and Collectors, of Money, for to rciciad aijJ ubolish all sinecure Places and unmc- the Service of, and raised upon, the Public, in the Year

ended

Account Perquicr* 0/1 r he Receipt st (he

Expenditure #t tuc PnU* Wuivty.

sporting ?orn in orcign kipping

20 Geo. III. 2° — 6° Martii. 687

ended at Michaelmas 1778; together with an exact of the whole House, to 'consider of the exporting of

State of the Fees and Perquisites attending the Receipt, Corn in Foreign Shipping.

Ifl'ue, Expenditure, Accounting for, and Auditing the fame; as also the Fees usually paid on Appointment The House was moved; That the Order made tipoii Supply, to Offices, signed by the Officers who claimed or re- Tuefdlaft, for the House to resolve itself into a Com-ceived such Fees and Perquisites, specifying the Names mittee of the whole House; To-niorrow Morning, to of the Persons for whole Benefit they were received; consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; also an Account of the Salaries of such Officers, with might1 be read.

an Explanation of the Nature of the Service or Duty And the find Order being read accordingly;

performed in each and every Office in the Receipt-of, OThat the said Order be discharged.

issuing, auditing, or accounting for. Money raised upon That this House will, upon Monday Mom-

His Majesty’s Subjects, in respect thereof. ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That this House do, on next, at

Twelve of the Clock, take into their most serious Confederation, the humble and judicious Prayers contained in nhe dutiful Petitions of the good People of England;

A Motion was made and the Question being put. That the Orders of the Day be now read f

The House divided.

The Noes were directed to go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas GYouge,

leuerstor the xeas '\m. Robinf J

Lord George Gordon was appointed bne of the Tellers (or the Noes* but no Member going forth, nor ar:y other Member appearing to be a Second Teller for the Noes, Mr. Speaker declared the Yeas-had it..... k

So the Question was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the better-- Regulation of His Majesty’s Civil Establishments, and of certain Public Offices; for the Limitation of Pensions, and the Suppression of lundry useless, expensive, and inconvenient Places; and for applying the Monies saved thereby to the Public Service;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for he Yca,{ <*'} »,.

Tellers for the Noes, j j£; } 9 «

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, that this House will, Tomorrow Morning, re-iolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question by leaving out the Words " Tomorrow Morning," and inserting the Words, " upon r% day Morning next," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, that the Words "To-‘t morrow Morning," (land Part of the Question

The House divided.

The Y eas went forth.

The House'was moved, that the Order made upon Tuesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider - further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

- Ordered; That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refofve itself info the said Committee;

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Twelve of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 6® d Martii \

Anno 20* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 17

PR AYERS.

SI R John Palmer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Road from a certain Bridge at the East End of the Town of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Grantham, in the County of And

the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of South Kilworth in the County of Leicester,

was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of South Kilworth in the county of.

Ordered, That Sir John Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Way* and Mean*.

Committee*.

Melton

Mowbray

to

Grantham

Road.

South

Kilworth

Inclosure.

«r» , cI v 1 Mr. Thomas Town field,

Tellers for the Yeas.j Mj. . 195-

Tellers for the Noes *Tlle Lord

letters for the J 23°’

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question, being put. That the Words "upon Wednesday Morning next," be insertod instead thereof; It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question so amended being put; Resolved, That this House vyill, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Swinford, in the County of ter, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Swinford, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir John Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Swfnfotd

Inclosure.

The other Order of the Day being read; An ingrossed Bill to continue, enlarge, and fender Birmingham,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday, next, more effectual, the Term and Powers in Three several &c.

at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Acts made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King R#ad*-

Vol. 11' George

1

J

688

6* Mar

A. 1780.

George the First, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first of the Reign of PI is present Majesty, to amend the said Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, fc

for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to

mington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edge hill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the ROad from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington aforesaid, and so on to the utmost Limits of the said County on Edgehill aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, enlarge, and render more effectual, the Term and Powers in Three several Acts, made - in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington aforesaid, and loon to the utmdft Limits of the said County on Edgehill aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tfcormon Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee* to whom Inclosure. the gj]j for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, Carrs, and Waste Grounds* within the Lordlliip or Manor of Thornton, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, re-

lative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with} and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One - and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were'

agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with lhe Amendments, be ingrefied.

Wirrviinfttr Mr. Peuruddotk presented to the House, according to

and Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Se-

Corttey vera'ty the Open and Common Fields, and Open

n- o jr . p)owns> wit}1jn (|1Q Parishes of Wa-minferand Cmsley, in the County of Wilts, and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Meadows, and Common Paf-t'ures, within the said Parishes: And the same was re- ccived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

former Act, and for amending and widening the Road between RingivoodGate, in the County of Southampton,

to Wooljlridge, and from thence to the Great Westera Road between a Place called Thic Thorn and Ca/hmorr Inn, lb far as the said Two Acts relate to the Fifth Dir vision of Road directed to be repaired and widened by the said last mentioned Act: And the same was receiv- ed and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Conv shennington mon Field, and other Cotnmonable Lands and Grounds, Inclosure. lying witl)in the Parish and Liberties of in *

the' County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Sir William Guise,&c.: And- they are to meet this Af> ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in th# Speaker’s Chamber.

1 ,

\ 1 1

Sir Joseph Rfawbey presented to the House, according Walton to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Powers of an Act, uP°".ThJ" made in the Twentieth Year of his late Majesty King Bll<18e< George the Second, for building a Bridge crols the River Thames, from the Parish of Walton upon in the County of Surrey, to Shepperton, in the County of dlesex: And the same was received and read the FirlB 'jjme.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr* Renruddock reported from the Committee, to pi(hmor,

whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Bridge,

Two A&£, of the First and Second Years of" His present? _4c-

Majesty, for amending, -widening, and keeping in Re- Road‘

pair, the.Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road- at Willoughby Hedge in Knoyle, and* from Wilton Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at the Well!

End of Heytejlury; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hi!I, in the Parish of Urjhfont, to the Mile Stone at the Wc nevn End of

Fifierton Street in the County of Wilts, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direifted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a-Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed-to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House so the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be' ingrossed.

Worcester A Bill for amending and rendering more effectual

Pav>;ig, Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of

u<" His present Majesty’s Reign, for better supplying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof, with Water, and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obstruct ions and Annoyances therein; and also for paving certain other Streets within the Suburbs of the said City, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Townshend, Stc.: And they are to meet this After-, nsion, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Oxdown cite Mr. Sturt presented to the House, according to Order, «o a- Bill so enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts; '"fee! ef> one ma^e in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of Roads. his late Majesty, for. repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Southampton and Dor jet, and the other made in the Second Year

A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and M'lm*

Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain cioth'ia*

called England, for one Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day ot March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said. Bill.

Mr; Greville, from the Commissioners for Trade and Colonial

Plantations, presented to the House, by His Majesty’* Eft»buoini«»t», Command,

N° 1. Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1780: And also,

N# a. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’* Cototty of Georgia, and other incidental Ex-

{fences

20 Geo. III. 6° Maftii. 68 a

pences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1779 to the 24th of’ June 1780: And alto,

N° 3. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majestys Province of East Fl, and other incidental Expences attending the lame, from the 24th of June 1779 to the 24th of June 1780: And also,

N° 4. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Fand other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 1779 to the 24th of June 1780: And also,

N° 5. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Island of Saint John, in , and other in-

cidental Expences attending the fame, from the ift of January 1780 to the ift of January 1781: And also,

N° 6. Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North for the Year 1780.

Together with a List of the said Estimates.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Estimates are as followeth j viz.

ESI' I M A TE of the Charge of maintaining Mid supporting the Civil Establishmentt of His Majesty’s Colony

of Nova Settia , for the Year x 780.

To an additional Salary to the Governor -

To a Salary to the Chief Justice -

To a Salary to the Attorney General *....

To an Allowance to the Secretar)', for himself and Clttks -

To an Allowance to the Naval Officer - - - - .

To an Allowance to the Register -

To an Allowance to the Surveyor of Lands, and for other contingent Expences attending that Establishment ——

To the Salaries of a Secretary and Messenger to the Council -

To the Hire of an House, and other contingent Expences attending the Secretary’s Office To sundry Stipends and Allowances for House Rent, to the Ministers and Schoolmasters in the different Distri&s of the Province -

To an Allowance for Fire Wood, for the Use of the Governor’s House and Public Offices -To the Expence of a Pilot Boat ——

To the Salary of the Agent ——

To the Salary of the Treasurer - -- -....

To the Expence of the Orphan House -

To an Allowance to Mrs. How, who, after long and meritorious Services of her late Husband, is left destitute, under Age and Infirmity ——

To an Allowance for a Magistrate in the Isle of Breton -

To an Allowance in Aid of the Duties granted by the Legislature of Nova Scotia, for the Maintenance and Support of a Light House near the Harbour (AHalifax -

To Michael Franck/in, Esquire, Superintendant of Indians in the Province of Nova Scotia To an Allowance, upon Account, for Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Issue, of the Monies granted upon this Estimate

£ d.

SCO----

700 — — > 182 10 — 262 10 — 182 10 — 182 10 —

321 15 —

96 12 — 52 6 —

440-----

288 15 — *

2Qg I — *

200 — —

|°----

384 I

100 — —

100 — —

100 ——

300 — —

150-----

4,796 10

5

Vou 37.

8 N

ESTIMATE

690

6° Martii A. 1780.

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and oilier incidental Expencet attending the fame, from the 34th ot June tjjy to the 24th of t^e.

T-

To the Salary of the Governor ——

To the Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice -

To the Salary of the Secretary -

To the Salary of tire Surveyor of Lands , - . »'.'<*>’ — .

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents , - .

To the Salary of the Attorney General - -

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal -

To an Allowance for a Miriifter erf the Church of England and Tw« Schoebnafters '

To the Salary of the Agent for the Affairs of the Colony

To an Allowance, upon Account, for Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon tire IiTue, of the Monies granted upon this Estimate - *

£ * d. 1,000-----

300----

500 — —

too — ____

15° — — lco — — -

*5?----

100 — —

n6-----

200 — —

*5°----

2,866 ~- —

ESTIMATE of the Civil" Establifturient of His Majesty’s Province of and other incidental

Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1773 to the 24th of June 1780.

X

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief -

To the Salary of *the Chief Justice -

To the Salary of the Attorney GencYal -

To the Salary of the Secretary aftd, Clerk of the Council -

To the Salary of tire RegiHer - - - - .

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands ... To an Allowance for an Assistant -To the Salary of Jhe Agent -To a Mmifler at St. Av.gujline -

To a Mini lie r at Smyrna -

To a School matter -

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal ..

To an Allowance for a Pilot, established at St. Augustine To an Allowance for unforeleen contingent Expences t

£. s. d,

1,200 — —

500-----

150----

150----

too----

IOO----

120 — —

3°----

200 — — ' IOO — —

100 — —

50-----1

100 — —

50----

1,000 — —

3>9;°

20 Geo. III.

6° Marin. 69 f

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the ^lame, From the 24th of June 1779 to the 24th of June 1^80.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief _ t

To the Salary of the Chief Just, ice - - r

To the Salary of the Attorney General - -

To -the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council To the Salary of a Register - -

To the Surveyor of Lands, and an Assistant - <* -

To the Salary of the Agent - -

To the Salary of a Mini tier at Pcnficola -

To the Salary of a Minister at Mobile

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, at £.25 each To the Salary of the Provost Marshal - - - *

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents

1,200 — 500 — 150 — 150 -r, , 100 — 156 — 200 —

I ©3> — IOO —

so~

IOO —

1*000 ---

IOO — '

i.

6m

at

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s 111 and of S/. "John, in , and other incident*!

Expences attending the lame, from the ut of January 1780 to the lft of January 1781.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice - -

To the Salary of the Attorney General - - - - .

To the Salary of the Secretary and Register -

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands ——

To the Salary of a Minister of the Church of England -

To the Salary of the King’s Agent -

To the Salary of the Clerk of the Crown and Coroner -

To the Salary of the Clerk of the Council ——

To the Salary of the Naval Officer -

To the Salary of the Sheriff or Provost Marshal ——

To the Salary of a Schoolmaster ——

To an Allowance for a private Secretary, and for Dispatch Boats to and from the Continent, and also for Stationary, Fire Wood, Uc.tAc. . - -

To an Allowance, upon Account, of Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Issue, of the Monies granted upon this Estimate - "

d.

£. s. I,coo — 400 —

2C0 ---

JOO —

l8o --

I50 — I50 — 120 ~ 80 — JOO — IOO —

50 -

170 — 150 -

3,150----

-..

VOL.37.

ESTIMATE

Mould, &c* Rotds.

KigbtfV,

Sec.

I u do! tire.

6° Martii. , 1780.

ESTIMATE of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Maj city's Dominions m

for the Year 1780.

1

To Mr. George Derbage, Assistant to Major Holland, he being now in America, at 51. per

Day ——

To ~Joseph Frederick Wallet Des Banes, Esquire, on Account of his Expences in engraving

and pitblishing several Plates, from Surveys taken of different Parts of the Coast or North America, being :the Completion of a general Work undertaken by the Direction of Lord Vifcourtt Howe - -

To ah Allowance for defraying the Expence of making Copies, for the Use of the public Offices, of the Maps and Plans returned by the Surveyors, and' for preparing them for Publication ——

To an Allowance, upon Account, of Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Issue, of Monies granted upon the Estimate - - -....

9* 5 ~

, I>541 — r*

100

too

1,832 5 —

Ordered, That the said EstimatCs do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Sir Watkin Williams Wynn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and ‘ Powers of lo much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, " widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Mold to the Town of Denbigh, and " from thence to Tal y Ca/n and Conway, and from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin and w Denbigh, and the Town and Port of in

" the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon," as relates to the Road from Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin and Denbigh: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George CavendiJJi reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable. Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Kighley, *Yhwaites, and Newjholme, in the Parish of Kighley, and County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 23th of April 1774, relative to Bills of ] incloliire, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had-given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Owners of Land who are rated to the Land Tax at £.113 who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Owners of Land who are rated at £.6z 9 id. per Annum, who could not be found; and that the whole Land Tax charged upon tire said Lands, amounts to the Annual Sum of 1,529 6s. and that no

Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Plat e j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon l9

the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, Matlock

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Inctofure. Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor cf Matlock, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands aUcffed to the Land Tax at ns. 11 d. per Annum, who refuted to lign the Bill; and also except the Owners of Lands assessed at £.$ 8r. 4 d.per Annum, who could not be met with} and that the whole Property interested in the said In- . closure, is assessed to the Land Tax.'at 138 12s. id.

per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose she Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the better Government and Regulation of j^aidn the Poor, in the Town and Parish of Maidstone, in the Poo County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Codrington, Mr. Marsham, &cc: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, I,nj’ifu to exempt from Irr.prisonment the Bodies of Defendants

liable Cou

J

P.rish

Appieorices.

Thornton

Iuciofure.

%>Iy*

Nonhill

and

Saady

lftciofurf.

Imprisonacnt

oi Debtors.

20 Geo. III.

6° Ma

liable to be imprisoned by Precepts, or oilier Process, issuing out of Courts erected by Acts of Parliament, for the more easy and fptedy Recovery of Small Debts; And that Mr. Vyner, Sir Thai old, Hr. Hobart,

Mr. Penruddock, and Hr. do prepare, and

bring in the fame.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for obviating a Doubt touching the binding and receiving of poor Children Apprentices, in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Relief of the Poor, within particular incorporated Hundreds or Districts, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, Carrs, and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Manor of Thornton, in the North Riding of the County of; which Bill was, this Day, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " General State " of the Accompts of the British Museum, to January 1780,’* be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Lord Ongley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, in the Parishes of Northill and Sandy, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the principal Merchants and Tradesmen of the Town of Wolverhampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants and Traddmcn of the said Town wras presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, imi-Vol. 37.

tuled, " An Act for Relief of bebfors with respect " to the Imprisonment of their Persons j and to " oblige Debtors, who shall pontinuc in Execution in " Prison beyond a certain Time; and for Sums not " exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make " Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estatei " so’’ their Creditors* Benefit;" and representing to the House, That the Objects of the said Bill, as well as the Provisions thereof; appear to the Petitioners to b* of moll dangerous and destructive Tendency, hot only to the Interests of the Petitioners and other !n^ dividuals, but also most highly prejudicial to the Public Credit in general: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not be carried into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lit upon the Table.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, to remove certain Voren at Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections, be County read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning. Election*.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and tree- Expenditure holders, of the County of Gloucester, whole Names are the thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and jPu '* °n* read; Setting forth, That this Nation hath been engaged for several Years in a most expensive and unfortunate Contest with many of her Colonies; and that France and Spain, the dangerous and inveterate Enemies of Great Britain, have taken Advantage of these Circumstances, and proceeded to unjust and unprovoked Hostilities; that the Consequences of tfiefe combined Misfortunes, have been a large Addition to the National Debt, a heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of the Trade, Manufactures; and Land Rents of the Kingdom: Alarmed at thedi-miniftied Resources and growing Burthens of this Country, and convinced that rigid Frugality is now indispen-sably necessary in every Department of the State, your Petitioners observe, with Grief, that, notwithstanding the Calamities and impoverishecj Condition of the Nation, much Public Money has been improvidently squandered, and that many Individuals enjoy sinecure Places, efficient Places with exorbitant Emoluments* and Pensions unmerited by Public Service, to a large and (till increasing Amount: whence the Crown has acquired a great and unconllitotional Influence, which if not checked, may soon prove fatal to the Liberties of this Country: Your Petitioners, conceiving that the true End of every legitimate Government, is not the Emolument of Individuals, but the Welfare of the Community; and considering that, by the Constitucion of this^Realm, the National Purse is entrusted, in a peculiar Manner, to the Custody of this honourable House, beg Leave further to represent, that, until effectual Measures be taken to redress the oppressive Grievances herein Hated, the Grant of any additional Sum of Public Money, beyond the Produce of the present Taxes, will be injurious to the Rights and Property of the People, and derogatory from the Honour and Dignity, or Parliament: Your Petitioners, therefore, appealing to the Justice of this honourable House, do mostear-neftly request, That, before any new Burthens are laid upon this Country, such Measures may be taken by this House, as will tend effectually to enquire into and correct the gross Abuses in the Expenditure of Public Money, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments, to refeind and abol lh all sinecure Places and unmerited Pensions, and to appropriate the Produce to the Necessities of the State, in such Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for ttie House tmp r:P>nment to reiol vc itself into a Committee of the whole H^ule* 01 Debtors upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act passed in 8 O the

694

6° Martii.

the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment " of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall " continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain " Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act to make Discovery of, and deliver " upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors’ Benefit," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

A, 1780.

at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That Surplusses, Hated the 5th Day of April 1779, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 10th Day of

Wap and Mean.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, 1779, be referred to the said Committee

Stourbridge

Navigation.

That the said Bill be transmitted to a Seltft Committee;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas The Lord ?

1 ellers for the 1 eas, General . $ 1 1 *

Tdlmfor theNo\ J«.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And a Committee was appointed accordingly of the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. 'turner, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worctftershire Canal Navigation, was presented to the House and read; reciting the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stourbridge Navigation ( which was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of February last) and Setting forth, That the Petitioners beg Leave to deny the Charges contained in the said Petition: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, in their Justification, and against the Matters contained in the Prayer of the said Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stourbridge Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Milborne

Port

Election*

Complaint being made to the House, by a Member in his Place, of clivers undue and corrupt Practices, respecting the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset, at the approaching General Election! committed by the Right honouable Lord North,

Ordered, That the Copy of Accounts of Sales of Lands in the Ceded I funds, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales the iftof July 1765, (which was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of March 1766,) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account s of the Sales of Lands in the islands of Dominica, Tobago, and Vincent, in

1766 (which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of April 1767,) be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Account of Sales of Lands in the Ceded Islands, in 1767, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for l'uch Sales the 18th Day of July 1767 (which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of February, 1768,) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the general Account of Sales of Majesty’s Lands in the Southern Caribbee Islands, in the Years 1765, 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769, (which was presented to the House upon the xotli Day of

April 1770) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War (which was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of March 1764) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Sales of Lands " in Dominica, 9th April 1770," which was presented to the House upon the i 6th Day of April 1772) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed

First Lord Commissioner of His Majesty’s Treasury, him to report, when the House will please to receive the or others, acting as his Agents in the said Transac- lame.

tion; That the Report be received Tomorrow

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint be Morning, taken into Consideration, and heard at the Bar of this Mr. CWalfoacquainted the House, That he was di-House, upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 15th Day of rested by the Committee to move, that they may have this Instant March. Leave to fit again.

Ordered, That Thomas Hutchins Medlycott, Esquire, Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-do attend this House, at the same Time. ing next, resolve itself inio a Committee of the whole

Exporting Corn in Foreign Shipping.

Ordered, That Mr. John Daniel do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Daniel do attend this House, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Maurice Lloyd, Esquire, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Reverend George Hutchins do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Hallett do attend this House, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Hyde do attend this House, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Bryant do attend this House, at the feme Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the exporting of Corn in Foreign Shipping i

House, to consider further of Ways and Means raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

for

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman IVilkes have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Eleven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of Joseph Brown, of Holfden Green, in the Parish of in she County of Middlesex, Yeoman.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of lekenham, in the County of Middlesex-, and setting forth, that the Petitioner is Proprietor of Lands within the said Common Fields, and hath a Right ot moning therein with the other Proprietors; and that, from the Flatness and Lownels of the Situation of the said Lands and Grounds, and the feme being subject to w frequent Floods, it would not, by an l/icloiure, be

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursdaynext, capable of improvement adequate to the Expence ne-17 ' ctftarijy

Icken

Jaclol

1

20 Geo. III. 6" —

cefl'arily attending the fame; and that, if the same were to be inclosed, it would be attended with a Disadvantage to the Peiibns in general interested therein: And therefore praying, That the House will not suffer the said Bill to pais into a Law; and that the Petitioner may be heard against the fame, by Counsel, at the Bar of this House, on the Second Reading of the said B II.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Coun-lel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed 13111 for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the Third Time.

Rijohcd, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An A<ff :or the Regulation of Ills Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defue their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill fur the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Stephens accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had direifted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

irigrolfed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart tS) 70 die Martii.

" (who is hereby authorized and " required to pay the same) to the " Treasurer of the said County of " Wilts for the Time being, to be,"

Pr. 7. 1. 2. After " Hill," to insert, "in such " Manner as the said Trustees, or " any Five or more of them, shall " direeft."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytesbury; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Rone ,in the Parish of Urftifont, to the Mile Stone at the Western End of

Fisherton Street, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddock do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee, to Charltoo whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open Inclosure. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pafi tures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Charlton, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclol'ure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in ath the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question levcraily put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second ickenham Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open indofure. Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of lekenhamin the County of Middlesex;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Fhurfday Sevennight the 16th Day of this lnstant March.

Anno 200 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1780. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the First and Second Years of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisher-ton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike

Road at the West End of Heytesbury, and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the Parish of Urftifont, to the Mile Stone at the Western End of Fisherton Street, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 38. At the End of the Line to add, " Paid once in every Year by the u Treasurer to the said Trustees

Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 15th Day of February, in the last Session of Parliament.

An Account of the Offices and Employments under Accounts; the Crown in the Office of Ordnance, existing on the Ordnance 25th Day of October 1705; the Number of Officers Office, employed at that Time in each, with their respective Salaries: And also,

An Account of the Number and Names of the Officers in each Department in the Office of Ordnance, with their Salaries, as they flood on 5!!i January 1779; distinguishing the Time when any Increase in the Number of such Officers, or their Salaries, was first made.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts arc preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill

696 Mar tit. 1780.

Hubert A Bill for naturalizing Bartholomew Huber was read Nat a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Darker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Teiburjr Sir William Codrington reported from the Committee, and to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of W Road"'* an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads from and

other Places, in the County of so far as the fame relates to the Road from to the Gates on the West of Syntond’s-Hall , and from the House

at the Top of Frocester where the Turnpike

Gate lately flood, to the Turnpike Road from cefier towards Bath, and from the Field called Bowl-down Sleight> to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horsley to Tetbury, near Inn i and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the said Turnpike Road near Howell's Down, across Owlpen Down, to a Lane leading to Lampern , and from another Part of the said Turnpike Road near the Latter Wood Turnpike, across Owlpen Down aforesaid, all in the said County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Kirkcudbright a Bill for converting into Money the Statute La-

Hiehway* b°ur *n the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, for the Purpose &c.y' of repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said Stewartry, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Sir Adam See. And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

American Mr. Pownall presented to the House, according to Trade. Order, a Bill to allow the Exportation of Goods and Merchandize from Great Britain to Hew York, and all other Places in North America, which are, or may be, in the Possession of His Majesty’s Troops, and from such Places to Great Britain; and to allow such Goods and Merchandize to be so exported and imported, in the same Manner as before the passing of an Act of the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse " with the Colonies of Netv,

" Bay, Rhode Island, C New York,

" fey, Penfyivania, the Three Lower Counties on De/aware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South " Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the " present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the Fourteenth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the " Town, and within the Harbour, of . in the

" Province of Massachuset'sBay; and also Two Acts,

" made in the last Session of Parliament, for restraining " the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said " Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and authorized ty His *f Majesty to grant Pardons, to issue Proclamations

" in the Cafes, and for the Purposes, therein mentionedAnd the same was received and read tie First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Darker reported from the Committee, to whom Trent Bri'p the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are kojJ. thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of Loughborough, in the County of , and of several other Persons frequently resorting to, or passing through the said Town, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w;as read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Richard Hayes Hamilton being examined, laid. That he knows the Street or Road from Cotes Bridge, where the Trent Bridge Turnpike ends, to and through the Town of Loughborough, to its Junction with the Turnpike Road from the Town of Derby to London; and that the same is, by Reason of the increased Wear thereof, and the Number of heavy Carriages passing along the fame, become very ruinous and incommodious — That the Inhabitants of the said Street are unable to keep the same in proper Repair; and that it would be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants, and all others passing through the fame, if the said Road was put under the Care of the Trustees for repairing the Trent Bridge Road, as it would tend to unite the Roads leading from Nottingham and Derby to London.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing Two Acts, made in the Eleventh and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign ol King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Cojlock, otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester, and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Hermitage Bridge, to and through the Town of Loughborough, till it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to London, in the said Town of Loughborough.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply, Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted co His Majesty; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Trustees of The British to carry on the Execut on of the Trulls reposed in them by Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Militia to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and " 1°* Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England^for One Year, beginning the Twenty-

fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

19 The

ao Geo. III.

7° Martii.

697

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

i»p iOioment

ot Debtors by

Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to exempt from Imprisonment the Bo* Snull^Debt die$ of Defendants liable to be imprisoned by Pre-Court*. cepts, or other Proceis, ilfuing out of Courts erected by Acts of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Re-covety of Small Debts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

TcinrifT’’

and

Hopson

Inclosorc.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Often, Common, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Teirtriff; " and Vessels; together with an Account of the Num-

Year 1779, has been paid into the Exchequer since the 7 th of February last, wirh the Sums annexed to each Receiver’s Name, to this Day indufive.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Seamen and Marines employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, between the tft of January and 31st of December 1779, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing the Seamen from the Marines, and what Number of each were borne, and what mullered, in the Service;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Que£ tion, by leaving out from the First Word <l Marines," to the End of the Question, and inserting the Words " Borne, and Number mustered as Part of Complement on Board the several Ships of War and Vessels of " the Royal Navy, respectively, in Commission on the ift " of January, the ift of June, the ift of September, and " the 31st of December 1779, according to the Jatcft " Accounts of their State and Condition received at the " Admiralty, prior to each of the said Dates; and also the Number of Supernumeraries in the said several Ships

tetherbridge

AC.

Road*.

and also a certain Parcel of Open, Common, and Waste Land, called Gwem-y-Mynydd, within the Manor of

Ilopten, in the County of M, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. combe Hartley, Mr. Whitshed &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir James Loivther reported from the Committee, to

" ber of Seamen and Marines, in Addition to those u borne and mustered, who were doing Duty on Shore, " or otherwise entitled to Pay, on the Estimate of Four " Pounds per Man per Month, distinguishing each " Head of Service," mstead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Account of the Number of Seamen and Marines em-an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign ployed in the Service of the Royal Navy, between the ift

of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing, amending, and widening the " Roads from the Sou.h West End of , in

" the County of fVe/imoreland, by to

" Levens Bridge, and from thence through the Town of " MU It hr of, to Dixes, and from the Town of Miilthrop " aforesaid, to Hangbridge, and from thence to join the

of January and 31st of December 1779, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing the Seamen from the Marines, and what Number of each were borne, and what mustered in the Service.

Sir John Goodrich reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving and continuing the Term*

prisonment

f Debt ts.

ttiuiviaivi) tu airu iiwiu iiiwuv.v to jviii uiv. vriivym uiv win iwt i* *tg w*\i*<u*^ m*» '»*

Heron SykeTurnpike Road at THie Guide Post near Claw-and varying some of the Powers of an Act, made in

" throp Hall, in the County aforesaid," was committed; the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-That the Committee had examined the Allegations jesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for of the Bill, and found the same to b^ true; and that the repairing and widening the High Road from the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several " Borough of Ripen, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him " Pateley Bridge, in the County of York;" and for to report to the House; and he read the Report in his making Compensation to the Trustees and Mortgagees Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the under Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of his Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the late Majesty King the Second, and in the Four-

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then teenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and a Second lime, One by One; and, upon the Ques- widening the High Road from Wether by to Grajfington, tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the in the County of York, was committed; That the Com-House. ' mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be found the same to be true; and that the Committee ingrafted. had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Ma- ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend* jesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second " Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally " of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall put thereupon, were agreed to, by the House.

rounf) id Tn:

continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain " Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver " upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors’ Benefit," is committed; That they have Power to extend the Remedies intended by the said Bill, to Persons in Execution at the Suit of the Crown.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how much of the Land Tax for the Vol. 37.

.Account; Seamed

ind

Marines.

Ripon,

*c.

Road.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Sea* men to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and oft

8 P board

Mariner*

and

Stamen.

Accounts { from the Ordnance Office.

Account; Impref# Service.

Trade »f

Ireland; Exporting Coin, &c#

Members not to be concerned in Control,

698 70 Martii.A. 1780.

board, Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of the several Articles which make up the Sum of £. 52,718, charged in the Estimate of the Office of Ordnance, for Hire of Modes, Drivers, and Condu&ors, attending Battalion Guns and Trains of Artillery; specifying the Number of Horles, Drivers, and Conductors, kept in constant lteadineis and Pay, and the Places to which these Guns and Trains were sent, and the Dates of the Times.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of the Number of Transports, and their Tonnage, employed in the Service of the Ordnance in the Year 1779, together with the Names of the Places to which they were sent, and the Dates of the Times, and the Rates paid for the said Tonnage.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Estimate on which the Board of Ordnance found their Demand for the Sum of £. 36,307 for new Works

and Fortifications at Plymouth and

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number and Bank of the Officers and Men employed in the Impress Service, with an Account of the Expences attending the fame, and the Number of Men gained by them; distinguishing the Volunteers from the Men impressed, and distinguishing the several Poris and Places, between the ill of January and 31st of December 1779.

An ingrafted Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign the

Seventh, or of any other Atts which prohibit the exporting, carrying, or conveying Coin out of this Realm into Ireland-, and so much of certain Acts made in Great Britain, which prohibit the Importation of Foreign Hops into Ireland, and which take off the Drawback upon Hops exported from Great Britain to Ireland; and to extend to His Majesty’s Subjects residing in Ireland, the Privilege of being admitted into the Turkey Company, and to enable them to import into, and export from, Ireland, such Goods as may be imported into, or exported from Great Britain, by the Merchants of England trading to The Levant Seas, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Henry the Seventh, or of any other Acts which prohibit the exporting, carrying, or conveying Coin out of this Realm into Ireland % and so much of certain Acts made in Great Britain, which prohibit the Importation of Foreign Hops into Ireland, and which take off the Drawback upon Hops exported from Great Britain to Ireland; and to allow the Importation into, and Exportation from, Ireland, of such Goods as may be imported into, or exported from, Great Britain, by the Merchants of England, trading to The Levant Seas.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinjondo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and dellre. their Concurrence.

A Bill for reflruining any Person, being a Member of the House of Commons, from being concerned hini-self, or any Person in Trust for him, in any Contract made by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons for the Public Service, unless the said Gontraft shall be made at a Public Bidding, was according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon M Morning next, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Scl1 fion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and " eft'edual Manning His Majesty’s Navy," and for making further Provisions for those Purposes;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrafted Bill to remove certain Diffi- at culti^s relative to Voters at County Elections;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be read the Third Tune [upon this Day Three Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

t n r _ .1 v f Sir Thctnas 7

i ellers for the 1 eas, s \r '7

I Mr. Croce: }

Tellers for the Noes, Iu^r'r^-r'S*

I Sir IVu

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was propcled to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. I. 20. To leave out " Eighty-one," and insert " Eighty-two " inftoad thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " one" stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

To leave out the Clause beginning in Pr. 12. 1. 25. and ending in Pr. 13. 1. 34. as follows;

" And be it further Enacted,

" That from and after the said Full " Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eightyone, every Person in Post'effion of a Freehold Estate, held " by a Lease for a Life or for %* Lives absolute, of the clear " Yearly Value of Forty Shillings,

" above all Rents and Charges " payable out of or in respedc of " the lame, and for which he " may claim to vote at any Election of a Knight or Knights of " the Shire to serve in Parliament within that Part of Great Britain called England, or the " Principality of Wales, and made " or granted before the First Day " of July One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, shall (before " he shall be entitled to vote at " such Election) enter a Certifi-c cate upon Oath, or [being One " of the People called Quakers]

upon solemn Affirmation, at " least Six Calendar Months before the First Day of such Elec- fion, with the Clerk of the " Peace, or his lawful Deputy, of " the County, Riding, or Division " where such Freehold Estate shall

" iie

20 Geo. III.

Martii. "

lie or be situate; which Certi- ’ ' ficate shall be on Parchment,

‘ " and shall be signed by such ' Freeholder, who shall swear to

" or [being one of the People called Quakers] solemnly affirm,

" the Truth thereof, before such " Clerk of the Peace, or before " One of His Majesty’s Justices " of the Peace for the County,

" Riding, or Division, where such " Freehold shall lie or be situate;

" which Oath or solemn Affirma-" tion such Clerk of the Peace,

" and such Justices, or any One " of them,' are hereby authorized " and impovyered to administer;

*' and the Clerk or Justice of the " Peace before whom such Oath " or Affirmation shall be made,

" shall sign a proper Jurat at the " Foot of such Certificate, specifying the Day, Month, and " Year of [wearing or taking the Affirmation of such Free-« holder."

And the Question being put. That the said Claufi Hand Part of the Bill,

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Mr. Powys. ?

Mr. Penruddock: 3

f Sir William,

J3-

75*

Tellers for the Noes, j Mf

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill j viz.

To leave out the Three next Clauses, beginning in Pr. 13.1. 34. and ending in Pr. 17.1. 25. as follows;

" And be it further Enacted, " That such Certificate shall be according to the Form herein after " mentioned, or as near thereto as " the Nature of the same will admit.

" I A. B. do swear [or being " one of the People called " Quakers, do solemnly affirm] That I am really and " bona fide, in my own Right, " and not in Trust for any " Person or Persons whatso- ever, seised and possessed of a Freehold Estate, consist-ning of [House or Land, or " both, as the same is] lying and being in the [Parishj " of in the County of in the Occu-

pat ion of of

" the clear Yearly Value of " Forty Shillings, over and " above all Kents and Charges " payable out of or in respect " of the fame; and that I am " in the actual Receipt of the M Rents and Profits of the " same Premisses; and that " the same were granted to " me [or to C. D. as the " same is] by of

" in and by In-

dentures of Lease and Rclease, bearing Date respectively, the

" [or by Indenture, with Li-

Vol. 37.

1 f

I1 very . of Seisin, bearing Date,. ] for the

" Life of E. F. [or for the " Lives, of E. F. G. H. K. " and the Life of the longer " Liver ,of them, as the same " may be.] And if by De-feent,.. Devise, Marriage, " or ,- Marriage Settlement, from ..the original Lessee,

" to i‘ add, " And that the " fame. came to me by Defeent on the Death of," or V by Devise or Gift of," or " by . Marriage with," [as " the same is] " C. D. the Grantee" [or Person claim*

" ing under the Grantee] in " such Lease; and that 1 am * under no Obligation, Contraifl, or Agreement whatsoever, to re-convey the " same to any Person whatsoever,"

Voters at Count/ Elc<5lioos.

" And be it further Enacted.That " from and after the First Day of " January One thousand Seven " hundred and Eighty-one, no " Person shall vote for the electing of any Knight or Knights " of the Shire as aforesaid, for or in respect of any Lease or Leases " for a Life or for Lives absolute,

" or any Transfer thereof, made or granted . after the said First " Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, of " any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, of the clear Yearly Value of Forty Shillings, above all Rents and Charges payable out " of or in respect of the lame,

" and for which he may claim " to vote at any Election or " Elections as aforesaid, unless a " Memorial of every such Lease " or Transfer shall have been entered with the Clerk of the " Peace of the County, Riding, " or Division, wherein such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements " shall lie or be situate, Six Calendar Months at least before t " the First Day of such Election; " which Memorial shall be written on Parchment, and directed " to the Clerk of the Peace of " such County, Riding, or Division, and shall be under the Hand and Seal of the Grantor " (or One or more of the Grantors* " if more than One) of such Lease " or Transfer, and shall be attested by Two Witnesses, On# " whereof shall be One of the " Witnesses to the Execution of " such Lease or Transfer; which " Witness shall, upon Oath, before such Clerk of the Peace or " his Deputy, prove the signing " and sealing such Grant, and also " of the said Memorial; which Memorial shall contain the Day " and Year of the Date, and the " Names, Additions, and Abodes " of the Parties and Witnesses,

" and

V*t«r* at Cwaty

IJfl&OBI.

700 7 Martiu :1780.

t

and all the Messuages, Lands, " and Tenements so leased, and " the Parish or Place where the " same lie or are situate; and " every such Grant or Lea(e, or Transfer, of which such Memorial is To to be entered, shall at the Time of the Entry of " such Memorial, be produced to " such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, who shall thereon indorte a Certificate, in which " shall be mentioned the Day " and Year on which such Me- morial shall be so entered: " Provided always, that a Memorial of such Lease or Leases, " or Transfer, which shall be " made and executed in any Place not within Thirty Miles of the " Office of the Clerk of the Peace "for such County, Riding, or " Division, shall be entered and " registered by such Clerk of the " Peace, or his Deputy, if an " Affidavit sworn, or the Affirmation of a Quaker made before One of the Judges at Westminster, ora Mailer in Chancery, " Ordinary or Extraordinary, be " brought with the said Memorial, to the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, wherein One of " the Witnesses to the Execution " of such Lease or Transfer, shall M swear or solemnly affirm, that " he or she (aw the same execut- ed; and the same shall be a " sufficient Authority to the Clerk 4iof the Peace, or his Deputy, to " giye the Party bringing the Me-‘‘ morial, a Certificate of the registering thereof; which Certificate, signed by the Clerk of the u Peace, or his Deputy, shall be taken and allowed as Evidence " of the Registry of the same Memorial, in all Courts of " Record whatsoever."

And bcTeffiirther Enacted, That " the Clerk of the Peace, or his " Deputy, for every County, " Riding, or Division as aforesaid, " shall keep a Book or Books for " entering, ani in which such " Clerk of the reace, or his Deputy, shall enter every such " Certificate and Memorial, and " shall be allowed for the Entry of them, and each of " them, and for administering the " said Oath, and indorsing the " Certificate of the said Memorial, " the Sum of Two Shillings, and " no more."

And the Question being put, That the Cud Clauses (land Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative:

Whereupon the Profits containing the said Four Clauses, were cut out of the Bill at the Table accordingly.

The Amendments following were likewise severally proposed to be made so the Bill;

l’r. 17. 1. 31. To leave out " Certificates and Memorals, and the said Book and

" Books of the Entries of such

" Certificates and Memorials."

Pr. 17.I. penult. To leave out " Certificates, Memortals, and Book or Books of Entries."

Pr. 18. I. 6. To leave out Certificates, Memorials, and Book or Books of " Entries.

1. 24. To leave oat " Certificates, Memorials, and Book or Books of " Entries."

*,.t9- * 9- To leave out " Memorials and Certificates."

1. 16. To leave put " Certificates, Memo- rials, and Book or Books of " Entries."

Pr. 20. 1. 13. To leave out, " Certificates, Memorials, and Book or Books of " Entries."

1. To leave out " Certificates, Memorials, and Book or Books of " Entries."

1. 36. To leave D«t. " Certificates, Memorials, and Book or Books of " Entries.,"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreid to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections.

Ordered, That Mr. Poveys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read, for receiv- w*n ing the Report from the Committee of the whole and Meam House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had di-redled him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme were read; and are as followeth: viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Twelve Millions be raised by Annuities, and the further Sum of Four hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds by a Lottery, in Manner following; that is to fey,

That every Contributor towards raising the said Sum of Twelve Millions shall, for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to an Annuity of Four Pounds, to continue for a certain Term of Seven Years and One Quarter, to commence from the Fifth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, subjetft to Redemption by Parliament after the Expiration of the said Term, and not lboner; and allb be entitled, in respect of every such One hundred Pounds so contributed, to a further Annuity of One Pound Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence, to continue for a certain Term of Eighty Years, from the said Fifth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, and then to cease: The said Annuity of Four Pounds to be paid at the Bank of England, for One Quarter of a Year, from the said Fifth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, to the Fifth Day of April following, and from that Time shall be added to, and made, One Joint Stock, with certain Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, which were established by an Adk of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and from thenceforth shall be

io Geo. Ill 70 Ma701

paid ard payable at the Bar, lc of on the

Tenth Day ot OSleber and the Fifth Day of Afril in every year4 And the said Annuity of One Pound Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence Centum, to be payable in rd'pcft of every One hundred Pounds to be contributed as aforesaid, Hull be added to, and made One Joint Stock with certain Annuities payable at the Utah of En'.gland, which were granted for Ninety-nine and Ninety-eight Years, and were consolidated and made One Joint Slock by an Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of 1 Tis laid present Majesty, and shall be paid and payable Half Yearly at the Bank of England, on the Fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day of January in every Year.

That the said Annuities, (o to be payable on the said Twelve Millions, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out ofi a Fund to be established in this Session of Parliament, for Payment thereof, and for which the Sinking Fund shall be a collateral Security.

Tint every Contributor towards raising the said Su m of Twelve Mill ions, shall, for every One thousand Pounds contributed, be entitled to Four Tickets, in a Lottery to consist of Forty eight thousand Tickets, amounting to Four hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds, upon Payment of the further Sum of Ten Pounds for each Ticket, the said Four hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds to be distributed into Prizes, ft r the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery which shall be paid in Money at the Bank of England to such Proprietors, upon Demand, as soon after the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, as Certificates can be prepared, without any Deduction whatsoever.

That every Contributor shall, on or before the Eleventh Day of this Instant March, make a Deposit of Fifteen Pounds per Centum on such Sum as he or she shall chuse to lubscribe towards raising the said Sum of Twelve Millions, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England', and also, a Deposit of Fifteen Pounds per Centum with the said Cashier or Cashiers, in Part of the Monies to be contributed towards raising the said Sum of Four hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds by a Lottery, a« a Security for making the future Payments respectively, on or before the Days or Times herein after limited , that is to say.

On £.12,000,000 to be raised by Annuities,

/. loper Centum, on or before the a8th Day of April next.

£, i o per Centum, on or before the 26th Day of

next.

£. 10 per Centum, on or before the 23d Day of June

next.

/„ 10 per Centum, on or before the 28th Day of July next.

£. 15 per Centum, on or before the 29th Day of

gust next.

£. 10 per Centum, on or before the 26th Day of September next.

£. 1 o per Centum, on or before the 24th Day of 03o-

her next.

£. 10 per Centum, on or before the 24th Day of November next.

On the Lottery for £.480,000,

£, 20 per Centum, on or before the 12th Day of May

next.

25 per Centum, on or before the 14th Day of July next.

£ 2 o per C 'entum, on or before the 12th Day of September next.

£. 20 per Centum, on or before the 10th Day of 03a-ber next.

That all the Monies, so to be received by the said Chief Calhior or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be paid into the 'Vo I.37.

Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to War9 Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament.

Lhat every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money towards the Sum of Twelve Millions, to be contributed for Annuities as aforesaid, at any Time before the Twenty-third Day of October next, or on Account of his or her Share in the said Lottery* on or before the Eleventh Day of September next, shall be allowed an Interest by Way of Discount, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Sum so completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the Twenty-fourth Day of November next, in regard to the Sum to be paid for the said Annuities, and to the Tenth Day of October next, in respect of the Sum to be paid on Account of the said Lottery} and that all such Persons as shall make their full Payments on the said Lottery, shall have their Tickets delivered as soon-as they can conveniently be made out.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Perfort who shall keep any Office, or Place, for buying, felling, insuring, registering, diipofing, or otherwise dealing in, any Tickets or Chances, or Parts thereof, or on the Numbers of any Tickets in any Lottery whatlocver, or shall, by Writing or Printing, publish the setting up or using such Office or Place, shall first take out a Licence for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there shall be raised, levied, and paid, unto His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, for every such Licence.

Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Committee,

That the Monies to arise by the said Duty, shall he applied towards defraying the Expences attending the Commission to be made forth for managing, directing, and drawing such Lottery.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to permit the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom for a limited Time, which was to Continue in Force from die Twentieth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to- be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Eleventh Rule in the Book ft of Rates, so far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged " Currants and Ratlins and for making the Importer " of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu " thereof, and for explaining the said Rule with respect to such Allowance for Damage on other " Goods, and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco " Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the Sugar

" Colonies or Plantations in ’the West Indies foralimited Time," as permits the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in The West Indies, which was to continue in Force until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and iit to be continued.

The said Refutations being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the Four First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr.

Ord, the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, the Lord Wcjlcate, the Lord Palmerston, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper,

8 Q and

Account of

Pensions.

Account» Coinage.

Gloucester Market and Streets,' kc.

Haber’s

Nat.

Trade to the East Indies, Ire. kc.

702 7" — 8"

and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentle* men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the First, Second, and Fourth of the Resolutions, which, upon the 28th Day of February last, were reported from the Committee who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House; That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Two last of the said Resolutions, now agreed to by tke House.

Notice being taken of a Mistake in the Account of all subsisting Pensions granted by the Crown, during Pleasure, or otherwise, and payable at the Exchequer, specifying the Amount of such Pensions respectively, and the Times when, and Persons to whom, such Pensions were granted, which was presented to the House upon Thufday last;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Account, in order to the presenting a perfect Account instead thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord have Leave to make a Motion, it being Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the whole £xpence of the Coinage from the Year 1763 to the Year 1772, both inclusive.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8° Martii;

Anno 20* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

MR. Barrow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for providing and establishing a Market, for erecting a New Gaol and House of Correction, and for removing certain Gateways, in the City of Gloucester; and for amending the several Acts passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the Streets there: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Bartholomew was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue several Laws relating to the better securing the lawful Trade ot His Majesty’s Subjects to and from The East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all His Majesty’s Subjects trading thither under Foreign Commissionsi to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the permitting the Free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom; to th;* allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; and to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Planta-20

Martii. ' . 1780.

tions in The West Indies: And the same was received , and read the First Time.

Refelved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Com- Militia mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defray-i Pay and ing the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in Clothing, that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of One thousand S.Vcn hundred and Eighty, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments, were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time; One by One; and, upon th? Question kverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second American Reading of the Bill to allow the Exportation of Goods Trade, and Merchandize from Great Britain to New York, and all other Places in North America, which are, or may be in the Possession of His Majesty’s Troops, ami from such Places to Great Britain; and to allow such Goods and Merchandize to be so exported and imported, in the same Manner as before the passing of an Act of the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intcreourse with " the Colonies of Neio Hampshire, Bay,

" Rhode Island, Conneflicut, New York, New Jersey,

" PenJ'ylvania, the Three Low*r Counties on

" ware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South

" rvlina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the

" present Rebellion within the said Colonies respect lively; for repealing an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His prcl'ent Majesty, to discontinue the landing and elite!.urging, lading or shipping,

" of Goods, Waies, and Merchandize, at the Town,

" and within the Harbour, of Bufton, in the Province " Massachuset's Bay-, and also, Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the " Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said " Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and authorized by His Majest to grant Pardons, to issue Proclamations in the " Cafes and for the Purposes therein mentioned," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of E>p:mfite the City of Hereford, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, " 01

That your Petitioners, considering the vast Sums of Public Money which have been lavished in a m >ft unfortunate and unlucceCsful War, sensibly affected thein-selves by the heavy and accumulated Taxes already laid upon the Subjects of this Kingdom (which are at prc-lent more fenlibly felt on Account of the Decline of Trade and Scarcity of money) and alarmed at the Idea that others may be shortly imposed, humbly request this honourable House to turn their most serious Attention to the diminished Resources and growing Burthens of these Kingdoms, by setting on Foot a Parliamentary Enquiry, whether, m these Times of general Dill rets a very large Sum may not be annually saved, by abolishing many useless Places and Sinecures, the Disposal of

which.

20 Geo. III. 8° — JMartii. 703

which, not only (as wc apprehend) occasions a great Waste of Public Treasure, but gives an unconftitu-tional Influence to the Ministers of the Crown throughout the Kingdom* anti whether the Salaries and Perquisites annexed to other Places (many of which are enor-mously great, and far exceeding an adequate Compensation for the Services performed) may not be most beneficially reduced; your Petitioners humbly conceive, that the Inrerposition of this honourable House in these Points, and its diligent Attention to a just and economical Expenditure of the Public Revenue, by Persons entrusted with it, may be productive of great National Good, and enable this Country, by properly directing and combining its Resources, to prevail over its most powerful Enemies; they therefore presume thus to address their Petition to this honourable House, assuring them that it does not in anywise originate from a Spirit of Party, but is dictated by the cleared Conviction that the present Situation of Affairs requires the Attention of every Man, and his honest and I'peedy Exertion of all possible Means to promote and defend the Public Weal.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Kebeihr;d;«, An ingrossed Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers Road, °fan Act, made in the T hirty -fecund Year of the Reign w of his Majesty King Georg: toe Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing, amending, and widening the Roads " from the South West End of in the County of Westmor eland, by to Leven's

" Bridge, and from thence, through the Town of Milltbrop, to Dixes, and from the Town of * aforesaid, to Hangbridge, and from thence to join the " Heron Syke Turnpike Road at The Guide near " Clawthrop Hall, in the County aforesaid," was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty, second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing, amending, and widening the Roads " from the South West End of Netherbridge, in the " County of Wtjlmor eland, by to Leven's

" Bridge, and from thence, through the Town of Milltbrop, to Dixes, and from the Town of A " aforesaid, to Hangbridge, and from thence to join the

" Heron Syke Turnpike Road at The Guide near " Clawthrop Hull, in the County aforesaid."

Ordered, That Mr. Ldo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Regulation

His Majesty’s Civil

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty’s Civil Establishments, and of certain Public Offices; for the Limitation of Pensions, and the Suppression of sundry useless, expensive, and inconvenient Places; and for applying the Monies saved thereby to the Public Service, is committed, to consider how far the Places of Auditor and Tellers of the Exchequer are oeceiTary for the Public Service, and to abolish, if }>offibic, those Places, or to lessen their exorbitant Perquisites, that the Produce thereof may be applied to the Exigencies of the State, with a View to alleviate, in Part, the heavy Burthens of the People;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

,r , v (Mr. Charles Tovsnjhend, 7

Tellers for the leas,< D , f

I Mr. Robujon: j

Tclto for the Noes, }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

205.

199.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty’s Civil Establishments, and of certain Public Offices; for the Limitation of Pensions, and the Suppression of sundry ufelc-ls, expensive, and inconvenient Places: and for applying the Monies saved thereby, to the Public Service;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Elwes look the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was di-rested by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Rt/ulved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mean*, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Encra;em»n to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ®eamen* upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual " Manning His Majesty’s Navy," and for making further Provisions for those Purposes;

And the House having continued to fit till near Three of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning Eleven of the Clock.

Jovisy 9" die Mar lit;

Anno 20* Georgii IIP" Regis, 17S0,

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for reviving and continuing the ».

Term, and varying some of the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Road, late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the High Road from u the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town " of Pateley Bridge, in the County of York; and for making Compensation to the Trustees and Mortgagees under Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Wet her by to Grajfington, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for reviving and continuing the Term, and varying some of the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the High Road from the

Borough

Mattock

jndoiure.

Kighley,

&c.

Inclosurr.

Charlton

Inciosure.

ii iiber’s Nat.

Til nip’s li n 10

Diutbritlgc

Run,!.

*04

Murtiu

A. 178a.

%i Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of " Pateley Bridge, in the County of Yorkand for

making Compensation to the Trustees and Mortgagees under Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Wet her by to toit.in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir John Goodricke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Matlock, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor di Mat-lock, in the County of Derby,

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Thwaites, and Newjiolme, in the Parish of Kighley, and

County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Kighley, Thwaites, and New/holme> in the Parish of Kighley, and County of York.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and, desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Charlton, in the County of Wills, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Charlton, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddock do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Rartbolomczv Huber, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Bartholomew Huber.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Road from Tittup's Inn, in the Parish of Horsley, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencejer to Dud-bridge, at or near Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rod borough j and from the Bridge at in the Pa-

I'ifh of Avening, to the Turnpike Road upon Minchin-

hampton Commonj and from the said Bridge, by Haw-combe, and Iron Mill Hill, up Well Hill, to the said last-mentioned Turnpike Road, all in the County of

Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill} viz.

Pr. 2.1. 17. To leave out " Daniel Ballard."

1. 31. To leave out " James Chambers,

" mas Chambers."

1. 32. To leave out " George Chambers"

1. 38. To leave out " Thomas Earle.*'

Pr. 7. 1. 34. To leave out " Tuesday," and iftfert Thursday" instead thereof.

Pr. t2. 1. 25. After " Fforles*' to insert or," aild to leave out " or Carriage."

Pr. 29.1. 3. To leave out " Wood."

Pr. 33. 1. 29. To leave out " or," and after " Avenue" to insert " or inclosed " Ground."

Pr. 43. 1. *7* After " Dudbridge" toinkrt " a Garden and Yard at Barton "now or late in the Poifdlion of " William Frojl."

Pr. 57.1. 19. To leave out " the next," and insert *c a" instead thereof.

Pr. 39. 1. 21. After " Acts" to insert " aYid of

" this Act."

Pr. 68. 1. 20. To leave out " Tuesday J and insert " Thursday" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Tittup's Inn, in the Parish of Horsley, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencejer to Dudbridge, at or near Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodloroughand from the Bridge at Nai/Jworth, in the Parish of Avenirg, to Minchinhampton Common, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Sir William Guije do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Monthly Returns of the Cavalry in South Britain, dated ift June 1179: And also,

Monthly Returns of the Regular Infantry in South Britain, dated ift June 1779: And also,

Monthly Returns of the Invalids in South Britain, dated ift June 1779: And also.

General Weekly Return of the Additional Compa- hies raising for Infantry in North America and Indies, dated ift June 1779; And also,

Monthly Returns of the Cavalry, Infanty, and Invalids, in North Britain, dated ift June 1779: And also.

Monthly Returns of the Militia in South Britain, dated ill June 1779.

Together with a Schedule of the said Returns.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Spencer Stanhope reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing all and every the Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Township cf Heaton, in the Parish of Brad-Jord, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Land and Estates within the said Township, who are assessed to the Land Tax at £. 6. 4 s.3 d.per Annum, who refused to sign

the Bill j and also except the Owners of Land or Estates assessed to the Land Tax at i6j. id. per Annum, who declared themselves neuter j and that the Whole of the Lands and Estates within the said Township are assessed to the Land Tax at the Annual Sum of J.46. 5 s. 11 d.\-, and that no Person appeared be-

fore the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

AmiT

Return.

Ht^on

Iiidolure.

Supi-W B?1; Annuities and Lottery.

Import of Good* from the Levant.

Foreign

Linens Laces, ic.

Ditto.

Expiring

Laws.

20 Gko. III. 9° Marin. 705

ral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Robinfotipredated to the House, according to Order, a Ii.il for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery: And the (lime was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, Thar this House will. Tomorrow Morning, re'olve iiself into a Committeeof the whole House, to consider of permitting Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain, or land, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of London, trading to, and interested in, the Commerce carried on between Great Britain and the Imperial Dominions of the House of was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in confer quence of an Act lately paired, against the pernicious Practice of Smuggling, there is a Clause inserted, which, affecting the Importation of low-priced Lace from Flanders, hath cauled the Court of to en-

quire into the Duties Flanders lace pays on its Entrance into Great Britain, which they finding to be 1 Sterling per Yard, in consequence, the Petitioners are informed, that the Imperial Court are meditating an heavy Duty on all the Manufactures of Great Britain, imported into the Imperial Dominions of the House of Austria-, and the Petitioners are also informed, that such an Alteration may be made in the said Law, as would be of great Advantage to the Revenue, a general Benefit to Trade, and destroy the pernicious Practice of smuggling that Article, and at the same Time be the Means of preventing the apprehended Evils from the Imperial Arrets, for the laying heavy Duties on the tish Manufactures: And therefore praying, That such Alterations may be made in the said Law, consistent with the general Interest of Great Britain, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have received lundry Advices, that, in consequence of a late Act passed, against the pernicious Practice of Smuggling, there is a Clause which materially affects the Importation of low-priced Flanders Lace, the chief Article of Remittance to this Country in Return for the many Staple Articles exported hence; and representing to the House, that, if the said Law should continue in Force, it would prove very injurious to this and the adjacent Manufactures, on account of its Dependance on the great Trade carried on with the Dominions of the House of Austria: And therefore praying. That such Regulation in the Laws respecting Flanders Lace, may be made, as may be consistent with the Interest of this Country in general, and coincide with that of the Court of Brussels.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill to continue several Laws relating to the better securing the lawful Trade of His Majesty’s Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all His Majesty’s Subjects trading thither under Foreign Commissions; to the importing Salt from

VOL.37.

Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the permitting the free Importation ot Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom; to the allowing the Exportation oi certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; and to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay irom this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in The West Indies, was read a Second Time. Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A MclTage from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, gaffed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Road from The Hand and in Upton Field, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford, " through the several Pari (Iks within mentioned, to " a Place in the Par.lh of Preston, in the County of " Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy," without any Amend-

ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading to Gatehouse and Hampfttad, and for several other Purposes in the said first-mentioned Act contained, as gives Power to erect or remove Turnpikes or Toll Gates, so far as relates to erecting or continuing any Turnpike or Toll Gate in Gray's Inn Lane, or between the said Lane and the new Road leading from Islington to;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, paffd in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Lane,

in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, Lei-cejier, and Rutland, and through Rockingham, to The Bowling Green it Kettering, in the County of Northampton i without any Amendment: And aith,

The Lords have agreeo to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Leghorn, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to " continue, amend, and make effectual, an Act, passed " in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads " from the North West Parts of the County of Lincoln, " through Nettlam Fields, Wragby , and " Fields, to the Wolds, or North East Part of the said " County; and also for repairing and widening the " Roads from The Well in East Gate, in the City of " Lincoln, and from the North West End of Honicaflle, " and from The Guide Post at the East End of " through Barkivith, to the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act; " without any Amendment. And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Jennings from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.

8 K An

Burford

Road.

Gray'* fnn Lane Turnpike.

Bri^gpford Lane Road.

Legburn

inclosure.

J ,'^coln Roads.

Account of Psnfiona.

Account of the Land Tax-

Biddaford,

ifC.

Roads.

Manning the Navy

Exporting Com in

Foreign

Shipping*

American

Trade.

706 90 Martii. A- 17So.

An Account of all subsisting Pensions granted by the Crown during Pleasure, or oi her wile, and payable at the Exchequer; Ipccifying the Amount of such Pensions respectively, and the Times when, and the Persons to whom, such Pensions were granted.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account flicwing how much of the Land Tax for the Year 1779. has been paid into the Exchequer ftnee the 7th of February last, with the Sums annexed to each Receiver’s Name, to the 7th of , inclulive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Philip Jennings Clerke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the End of the Exeter Turnpike Road, on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, to Biddaford, and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown Pomeroy, and from Bridge, in the County of Devon-, and for repealing Two Acts, of the Thirty-second of his late Majesty, and the Second of His present Majesty, made for repairing the said Roads, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill for preventing Desertion, and ’ for the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Exporting of Corn in Foreign Shipping.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Harbord Harbord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Harbord Harbord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to allow the Exportation of Goods and Merchandize from Great Britain to New , and all other Places in North America, which are, or may be in the Possession of His Majesty’s Troops, and from such Places to Great Britain, and to allow such Goods and Merchandize to be so exported and imported, in the same Manner as before the passing of an Act of the 16

Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intc.course with " the Colonies of New Hampshire, Boy,

" Rhode IJhmd, Connecticut, New York, New Jertey,-

" Pensylvania, the Three Lower Counties on De-

" law are, Maryland, Fir gin; a. North Carolina, South " Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the " present Rebellion within the said Colonies rdpedively; for repealing an Act made in the Fourteenth " Year oi the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the " Town, and within the Harbour, of Belton, in the " Province of Massachuset'sBay; and also. Two Acts,

" made in the last Session of Parliament, for restruitiing " the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said " Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and authorized by 1 is Majesty to grant Pardons, to issue Proclamations m " the Cafes, and for the Purposes therein mentioned ;"

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power so make Provision in the said Bill for extending the Allowance of exporting and importing Goods and Merchandize, to Wares and Provisions; and for allowing the Importation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from all other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions, as well as from Great Britain, to any Town, Port, or P.ace, within any of the Colonies in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty’s Government,

Fleet, or Armies; and also, the Exportation of Provisions. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from such Town, Port, or Place, to all other Parts of his Majesty’s Dominions, as well as to Great Britain.

Then the House resolved itieli into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Hay icy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Hay ley reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when tire House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Norton reported from the Committee, to whom GuMcM the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in and JllJ by a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of l;is late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and wiclening the Road from the Town of ro TV

" Directing Pcjt rear tie Town o? Faunham, in the " County of Surrey;" and aito the Petition of levenil Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Mortgagees of the Tolls granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-Hrft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road " from the 1'own of Gudhjordto The Directing Pojt

"near the Town of Farnham, in tire County of on Behalf of theml'elves and the rest of the Creditors under the said Act, were severally referred; That the Committee had exanvned, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the lame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as foil owe th; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Joseph Pickjtone informed. your Committee,

That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution

thereof,

Encouragement of Seamen.

[ Melton i Mowbray

! to Grantham

Road.

Thorn-go m-baId Road.

10 Geo. III. 90 — 10° 707

thereof, and borrowed fevered Slims of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls; which, with the greatest Part of the Inrereft, amounting to 1,100, and upwards, full remains due; that the Money lo borrowed cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in Repair, unk-fs the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued and enlarged; that the Tolls authorized to be taken upon the said Hoad, are insufficient for the Purposes of tiic Act, and in io;ne Instanecs it will be necessary to vary them.

And the Witncfi. added, That if a certain Lane or Highway, called Horn Cflle leading from the Turnpike Road from Cuflicfc d into the said Read from Guldflord to was included in

the Roads to be repaired by the said Act, it would be ve.y advantageous to i’rivehers, as by that Means a very Reap Hill would be avoidc.

Ordered, That Leave be ;:ven to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Thirty-fit ft Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road from the Town of Guldeford " to The Dircbsing Pcjl near the Town of Farnham, in the County of Surrey: "and that Mr. Norton, Mr. " George Onslow, Mr. Onslow, Sir and Mr.

Scawen, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, T:<at this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, remive itself into a Committee f the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the 1 ncouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and " eftl-ftual Manning His Majesty’s Navy," and for making f urther Provisions for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, i o* die Martii \

Anno 20® Georgii IIP* 'Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

A BILL for making and maintaining a Road from a certain Bridge at the East End of the Town of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the

Town of Grantham, in the County of was read

a Second Time.

Reflolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Palmer, Mr. Medley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the Road " from Sacred Gale, in the Parish of " to Pa tiring ton Creek or Haven, and from The Guide " Pcfl in IVinflead to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Brant on's Farm, in the County of York, and for " scouring and cleansing the said Creek or Haven," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with t!ie Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fe* veraliy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. VOL. 37.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

An ingrofte*! Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, Carrs, and Waste Grounds, within the Lordshipor Manor of in the North

Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Reflolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons Carrs, and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Manor of Thornton, in the North Riding of th County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, TJiat Mr. Hartley do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and exchanging, the Lands in the Common Fields and Common Pafturts, and other Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Salperton, in the County of Gloucefl'er, was committed.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge across the River Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in the County of Hereford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through *he Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agrted to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of Thomas Walter Young t, Esquire, Lessee of the Impropriate Rectory or Parsonage of in the County of Wilts, under the Dean and Chapter of Sarum, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, and Open Downs, within the Parishes of Warminster and Corfley in the County of Wilts, and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Meadows and Common Pastures, within the said Parishes; and Setting forth, That there are several Provisions in the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioner: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, and have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Hartley, according to Order, reported from the

Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and exchanging, the Lands in the Common Fields and Common Pastures, and other Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Salperton, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and -found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards d^ivered the Bill, with the Amend-' ments,

Thornton

Inclosure,

Salperton

Inclosure.

Wye River Bridge.

WarminfieT and Corfley Inclosure.

Salperton

Inclosure.

1

Ox down G tc to

\V inchester, &c. Roads.

Stockbridgt

to

Winchester, Be c. Read.

Exporting Corn in Foreign Shipping.

7°8 ioa Marl'd. J. 1780.

menrs, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question foverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, one made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Southampton and Dorset, and the other made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to amend the said former Act, and for amending and widening the Road between Ringwcod Gate, in the County of Southampton,

to Woolfnidge, and from thence to the great Western

Road between a Place called Thick Thorn and

Inn, so far as the said Two Acts relate to the Fifth Division of Road directed to be repaired and widened by the said last mentioned Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sturt, Mr. Pownall, See,: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Penton reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Hoads from the Town of

Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through

mour Lane, to the Top of Stephen's Castle Doan, near

the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said County; and from the said City of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bargate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Harbord Harbord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the exporting of Corn in Foreign Shipping, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposts;

Tire laid Resolution was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it may be expedient, for a Time to be limited, to allow to those who shall export, in any Ships or Vessels the Property of any Persons of any Kingdom or State, in Amity with His Majesty, His Heirs and Success'ors, Corn or Grain, the Growth of Great One Moiety of the Bounty, or Bounties, respectively, which is or are by Law allowed to the Exporters of Corn and Grain, the Growth of Great Britain, exported in Shipping, under the like Conditions as are now by Law required, and upon full and satisfactory Proof being first given, that the said Corn or Grain is wholly and entirely (without Mixture of any other) the Growth of Great Britain.

The said Resolution be it:g read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, :> icai to hr the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the fud Resolution: And that Sir Harbor'd Harbor/, Mr. nail. Sir Charles Davers, Sir Edward Ajilev, Sir Tenge, Sir Thomas Clavering, Sir Matthew indie

Mr. Pennuhlctk, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Medley, Mr. Barit;*, and Mr. Sibthorpe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. ’

Mr. Aldermen Hay/ey, according to Order, reported Am» from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ff"' Bill to allow the Exportation of Goods and Merchandize from Great Britain to New York, and all other Places in

North America, which are, or may he, in the Polk (lion ol His Majesty’s Troops, and from Inch Places to Great Britain-, and to allow Inch Goods and Merchandize to be so exported and imported, in the same Manner as before the passing of an Act of the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to " prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies " of New Hampshire, Maf'achufel'sBay, Rhode Island,

" ConneSticut. New York, NewJersey, the

" Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virgiilia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia,

" during the Continuance of the present Rebellion " within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing " an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and " discharging, lading or shipping of Goods, Wares,

" and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the " Harbour, of Bojloit, in the Province of " Bay; and also, Two Acts, made in the lait Session " of Parliament, lor restraining the Trade and Coir.mcrce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively " mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons,

" appointed and authorized by His Majesty to grant " Pardons, to issue Proclamations in the Cafes, and " for the Purposes, therein mentioned," was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterward s delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inch ling several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and ine|0rt Commons, in the Parishes of N and Sandy, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hufey, the Lord Ongley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Sjieaket’s Chamber.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply 0

An ni;:

3!:u

Lotftn

An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay P«a and Clothing of the Militia in that Pan of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred an 1 Eighty, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Tide

be,

?.o Geo. III. io® Martii. 709

bo, An ACT for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Eng,'a ad, for One Year, beginning the Twenty*

hiui Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and

lug h tv.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords,

and desire their Concurrence.

Ixpiring Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Laws* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the better securing the lawful Trade of His Majesty’s Sub-jctfbs to and from Theand for the more effectual preventing all His Majesty’s Subjects trading thither under Foreign Commissions; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in

rica;to the permitting the Free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom} to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in;

and to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in The We Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the- Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed 1ftm to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Trade of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Inland. refGjve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting Goods, the ProduCl or Manufacture of certaiii Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the tame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the more effectually preventing the pernicious Practices of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of " Offences against the Laws of the Customs and Excise, upon the Terms therein mentioned," was read: And,

Edward Hague, Esquire, informed your Committee, That by the Laws now in Force, a Duty of Sixteen Pence per Yard is laid upon the Importation into this Kingdom of Foreign Thread Lace, of all Qualities, which, by the said recited Act, has been enforced — That the said Duty amounts to a Prohibition of the lower Sort of such Lace, being more than its real Value — That before the passing the said Act, this Duty upon Importation was evaded; the lower Sort of such Lac# has chiefly been consumed in England, being brought iu clandestinely; but by the Clauses in the said Act, that Practice cannot be continued — That the better Sort of such Lace could afford and did pay the Duty, or the Portage, which was equal to the Duty.

That the British Minister at Brussels has confirmed the Advices received by the Merchants concerned in the Flanders Trade, that the Imperial Court had premeditated a heavy Duty on all English Manufactures imported into their Dominions — That the British Exports of different Kinds imported into the Low Countries, amounts in Value to about per Annum;

and that the Value of the Importation of Foreign Thread Lace into this Kingdom, does not amount to Jt, 50,000 per Annum.

A Member present produced to your Committee, Letters from Court ray and G; stating thar the Imperial Ambassador had apprised the British Minister of the Determination of the Imperial Court, to lay a Duty of Sixteen Pence per Yard on all British Woollen Manufactures imported into the Low Countries, unless the Duty of Sixteen Pence per Yard upon Foreign Thread Lace imported into this Kingdom, be reduced. And,

Mr. Hague being again called, was of Opinion, That, if instead of the present Duties upon Foreign Thread Lace imported into this Kingdom, a Duty of Ten per Cent, ad valorem was laid, according to the different Species of Lace, the same would give a sufficient Security to the British Manufacturers, and would likewise give Satisfaction to the Imperial Court.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Pavirafter’i Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, pur-WlP‘s- <W to their Order,

A Book intituled, " Copies of the Paymaster’s Receipts for £.3,656,139. 15*. ."

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Foreign Mr. Parker reported from the Committeee, to whom lanens, the Petition of the Principal Merchants and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Collumpton, in the County of Devon; and allb the Petition of the Principal Merchants and Inhabitaats of the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon; and allb, the Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of the Town of I Wellington, in the County of Somerset, were severally

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards j V#L- 37*

1

1

Mr. Hippijley Coxe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-sixth of his late Majesty, and the Fifth of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town of Shepton Malet, in the County of Somerset j and for repairing the Roads from Steen Bow Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from to Piper's

Inn, and from Chilkwell to anti from Shep-

ton Malet to a Place called The White in the Turnpike Road leading from Bath to Wells, in the said County, was committed j and to whom the Petition of the Trustees of the Wells Turnpike Roads, in the County of Somerset, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the City of Wells and that Neighbourhood, was referred That the Committee had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

8 S with

Sheptcm

Malet

Read*.

Trent Bri<

Rftftd.

710

ttith the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments weteOnce read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That no Turnpike now {landing shall betaken down without the Consent of the Creditors.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bui.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

5 Mr. Robert Smith repotted from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing Two Acts, made in the Eleventh and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the ‘Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Cojlock, otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester; and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put, thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

1780.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be inerofled. .>

Ordered, That there be laid before this 1 louse, the Particulars ot Allowances made to the Mem-

bers of the Navy Board and their Clerks,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Amount of each former Pay mailer General of His Majesty’s Forces Accounts, that now lay before the Auditors of Imprest.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Particulars of £.754,019. 19a. 9 the Charges attending the late Re-coinage of Gold; difunguished under the particular Heads.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, {landing out on the 5th Day of January 17801 with the Annual Interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame: And also.

An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th Day of January 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts arc as followeth; vix.

10® Marti'u

Nsvv J] Allowances.

Pi v matte* Gen. rui’j Accounts.

Re-coinage ot Gold.

Accents;

Public Debtt* j

Surpluses* ,

p

eg'

n"

CD

Cl

Cr

H*

fV

ft

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

C An A CC O U N T of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, {landing out on the 5th Day of January 1780 > with the Annual Interest, or other Charges,

payable for the fame.

u>

-4

o

o

m

O

E X C II E Q_U E R.

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of the Original Sum contributed and unsubscribed to the South Sea Company

Ditto - - for Lives, uith the Benefit of Survivorship, being the Remainder of the Original Sum contributed.

Dnto - - for Two and Three Lives, being the Remainder after what is fallen in by Deaths - -

Exchequer Bills made out for Interest of Old Bills - ....

Annuities t r Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, granted by an Act 50 Gij ttrtii Regis, being the original Sum contributed

AW. The Land Taxes and Duties on Malt, &c, being Annual Grants, are not charged in this Account, nor the/. 1,000,000 charged on the GJ.per Lib. on Pensions, nor the £. 1,500,000 borrowed A* 1779, charged on the Supplies A° 1780, nor the £. 1,410,000 (Part of the Sum of£. 1,900,000) borrowed A0 1779, charged on the Supplies A® 1780, nor the £. 1,000,000 Vote of Credit, charged on the Supplies A° 17^0 ——

EAST INDIA COMPANY.

By Two Acts of Parliament, 9® Willi, tertii Regis, and Two other Acts, 6® et 90 Anna Regina, at/*. 3 per Centum per Annum -

Annuities at 3 per Centum per Annum, Anno 1744, charged on the Surplus of the Additional Duties on Low Wines, Spirits, and Strong Waters

BANK OF ENGLAND.

On their Original Fund, at £. 3 per Centum per Annum, from the ill Day of August 1743 For cancelling Exchequer Bills, 30 Georgii Primi Regis -

Farchaled of the South Sea Company -

Annuities at £. 3 per Centum per Annum, charged on the Surplus of the Funds for the Lottery,

'Ditto - - £ 3 per Centum per Annum, charged on the Duty on Coals since Lady Day 1719 Ditto - -

I7H

Ditto -Ditto.

£. 3 per Centum per Annum, charged on the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors since Lady Day 1746 £. 3 Centum per A mum, charged on the Sinking Fund by the Acts 25°, 28°, 290, 32®, et 330 Georgii 2* Regis, IO® et 16° Git 3lil Regis

/ A A I. la. AAA A A AM AA . < AAA A L A/l A n t Tl (111 O A I 1 f f I Z' MU & > /l kr A \ A M A tv A A A L — A t A I *-A 1 V ___ I_f _ f_ _ _ _

39,920,924

1

6,090,000 -

3 3i

£ 3 fer Cea/aw per Annum, charged on the Duties on Offices and Perdions, &c. by the Act 31® Gemoii 21 Reois, and Duty on Houses and Windows by the Act 6° Georgii teitii Regis - - _ ^.

Ditto - - £.3 per Centum per Annum, charged upon the Duties en all Inhabited Houses, and additional Duties on Wines and Vinegar, imposed by the Acts 180 Georgii tertii Regis - -- - ....

Ditto - £.3 per Centum per Annum, charged on the Duty on Pcft Horses, additional Subsidy A0 1779, additional Excise, A» 1779 and additional Duty on stampt Vellum since 2d August *779, by Act 190 Georgii tertii Regis -

£. 3 per Centum per Annum, charged on the Sinking Fund by the Acts 25° Gij. 21 Regis, et 50 Georgii 3tH Regis -

£ 3d ffr Centum per Annum, charged on the Duties ami Offices and Pen (ions, &7c\ by the Act 31 Gij. 21 Regis, and Duty on Houses and Windows* by the Acts 6° Georgii £ 4 per Ctnturn per Annum, charged on the Sinking Fund by the Act 20 Georgii 3til Regis, being the Remainder of £. 20,240,090, after deductijog the bum of

Dnto - -Ditto -Ditto -

7,000,000 — —

iiMRegi,

£. l*S3v7°°» subscribed and added to the Capital Stock of £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, by Act 10° Georgii Ditto - - £.4 P*r Centum p.r Annum, for 10 Years, from 5th April 1777, charged on the Sinking Fund by the Af\i/

3111 Reg{*

' Georgii tertij Regis -

1

Memorandum: The Subscribers of£. 100 to the Lottery A° 1745, W€rc allowed an Annuity for One Life of 9s. a Ticket, which amounted to £.22,500, i^now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to£, 13,692. 15/. 5 and the Subscribers of £. 100 to the Lotrery A° 1746, were allowed an Annuity of 18s. a Ticket, which amounted to the Sum of £.45,050, but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to £. 24,883; and the Subscribers of £. too to the £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, A* 1757, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of£. 1. is. 6d. which amounted to £. 33,750, but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to £.27,596. 5/.; and the Subscribers of £. 100 for £. 3. pet Cent. Annuities A° 176r, were allowed an Annuity for 99 Years, of £. 1. is. 6d. amounting, with the Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to £. 13°>°53* Ioj. 3//.; and the Subscribers of £. 12,000,000, for the Service of the Year 1762, were entitled to an Annuity for 98 Years, of £.1 perCent. which, with Charges of Management to the Bank of England, amounts to £. 121,687. 10/. which Annuities for 99 Years and 98 Years were consolidated.by the Act 40 Georgii tertii Regis \ and the Subscribers of £. 5,000,000, for the Service of the Year 1777, were allowed an Annuity of 101. for every £. 100 contributed* for 10 Years, from 5th April i/77> which amounted, with the Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to £. 25*351- 1 * 3^« 3 and the Subscribers to £. 6,oOo,oco, for the Service of the Year 1778, were allowed an Annuity of £. 2. ioj. for every £. 100 contributed, for 30 Years, from 5th Janumy 1778, Or for Life, which amounted, with the Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to the Sum of £. 152,069. 6s. Part of which Sum hath been by the Subscriber* exchanged, for Life Annuities, amounting to the Sum of £.2,849. 13/. but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to £.2,819. and the Subscribers of £. 7,000,000, for the Service of the Year

1779, were allowed an Annuity of £. 3. 15/. for every £. 10c contributed, for 29 Yearr, from 5th January 1779, or for Liss, which amounted to the Sunp of £.262,500, Part of which Sum hath been by the Subicribers exchanged for Life Annuities* amounting to the Sum of £. 5*318. 18/. ?d*; all tfchioh Annuities are an Increase of the Annual Interest, but cannot be added to the Public Debt, as 119 Money was advanced for the same - -- --.

SOUTH SEA COMPANY. # 1

On their Capital Stock and Annuities 90 Georgii Primi Regis 7 " '

Annuities at £. 3 per Centumpe- Annum, A° i7S'> charged on the Sinking Fund

Exchequer, the 10th Day cf March 1780.

7&* Hughfon,

Principal Debt.

Annual Interest, or oilier Charge* payable for the fame.

£ x. d.

».*36, 17 l°T

4,6,328 II 5

&7.3SS 2i

2,200 — -

18,000 —

3,200,000

1*000,000

3.200.000

500,003

4,000,000

1.250.000 1j75°^oooo

986,800

S3»4°*>696 5 11

*®’S53’773 16 4

4»5oo, oooo — —

1 ^.986,300 — — 5,eoo, oooo - —

24.065,o?4 13 nj *,919,600----

*^4*083.414 nf

£. s. d.

136,453 12 8

3.243----

8,217 12 —

s^o-----

97,235-14 4 30,401 15 8

100,000 — — 15,000 — — -121,898 3 5

37>5°°-----

52,500-----

29,604 — — <-

1,627,996 1 4

560,937 4 s 160,0315 —

770,131 10J

202,812 10 —

ge

Si

7fr.P<33 I 7

73 5.974 *3 11

58,667 15 6

5,506(999 1 41 _

t

D

eg'

r — H

N

CD

CL

cr

o

o

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Income of the Sinking Fun 1, for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of January 1780.

Surplus of the Aggregate Ftr.d General Fund

South Sta Compair) ’s FnnJ

Additional Duty on Paper A0 1731 ....

Surplus Duty on Wines A° 1745 -

Additional Duty on Low Wines Afl 1745

Arrears of the Duty on GUfs A° i/ |6, additional Duty on Spirits A* 1; 46, and Duty 4»n Glass A0 1777 - -

Additional Subsidy on Poundage since ill March 1747 -

Duty on Coaches A® 1747 -

Duty on Salt since 5th April 1759 -

Sweets since Midsummer 173 7 -

Plate Licences since 5th July 1758 - -

Surplus Dnty on Coals Paper, and Soap A* 1714 Coals A0 1719 -

Additional Duty on Cards and Dice since 15 th April 1756 Ale Licences since Eajtn 1756 -

'Surplus Additional Duty on Wine Licences since 5th July 1757 Additional Duty on Stampt Vellum, since D® - -

Coals exported since l)° -

Surplus Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors since Lady Day 1746 Additional Subsidy on Poundage since 5th April -

Additional Duty on Coffee since D® -

Chocolate since D® -Surplus Additional Duty on British Spirits and Lew Wine> since ill Julj

*75*....

Additional Duty on Malt since 8th February 1760 -

Brandy, British Spirits, Jmd Low Wine?, granted Annis 1760 and 1766 ....

Brandy, British Spirits, and Low Wines, since 21st January 176* -

Additional Excise on Betr since 24th January 1761

Duty on Polices since ifi June 1765 -

Coals and East India Goods since D° -

East India Wroi ght Silks since ift June 1766 -

Surplus Holt lies and Windows since 10th Qttobtr 1766 -

Drillings and Broad Linens since 25th May 1767 -

Duty on Wines since 31st March 1763 -

Cyder and Perry Annis 1763 and 1766 -

Duty on Cards and Dicetfnce ift June 1776 -

Stampt Vellum, &c. since 5th July 1776 Coaches A® 1776

Stampt Vtlium, C^c. since 5th July 1777 - - '

Duty cn Auctions, since 5th July 1777 -

Servants since D° -

£ * 185,421 7 ia

101,24? 8 4 56,176 2 8$

8,685 — — 3,696 2 7

3,682-----

12,372 8 8

96,015 11 5

*°.ss;-----,

66,170 II lof

826-----

1,994-----

21,006 19 2

4,945 8 io*

2,240-----

10,691 — — f.755 ,6 5*

i4,3S*-----,

2,174 *3 — 1

14,805-----

54,019 16 8J

645-----

5*5-----

16,207 — — 5°>57*-----

89*93----

98,215-----

192-----

20,29*) 2 I

5,629 18 6

83.86$ 6 9J

5,000-----

11,843 3 —

2,818-----

2,187-----

11,966-----

6,800-----

5)774 -

7»277-----

M)'#* 1 M

d.

432,842 18 xo {

796,005 — 3f

1,228,847 19 ti

Charge on the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of January 1780.

v|

ft-4

To the Chief Calmer Bank of England, for 6 Months interest, and Charges of Ma-

nagement, on £. 39,920,924. ix. 9JV. due $th Januaty 1710 -T# D® for 6 Months Interest, and Charges of Management, on consolidated Long Annuities, due 1)°* ——

To D° for Charges of Management'of Annuities A* 1758, 6 Months, due V To the South Sea Company 6 Months Annuity, and Management, on/*. 1,919*600, to which £. 2,100,000 borrowed at £. 3 per Cent. is reduced, due D° -For Life Annuities A® 1757, 6 Months, due D® ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Funds for the Payment of Annuities A° x75*» Oil the 5th January 1780 To make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Houses, fefr. granted for Payment of Annuities A® 1778, at the same Time -To mike good the Deficiency of the Duty on Poll Horsei, additional Subsidy A® 1779> additional Excise A° 17P9, and additional Duty on Stampt Vellum> &Ct once ad August 1779* at the same Time . - r - r . - -

Balance to be applied in further Part of £ 2,071,854. 13*-granted for the Service of the Year 2779 -

8 {d.

£ x. A.

60 >963 14 81

125,870 so i£ 1,400 16 10

*9,333 *7

x3,798 2

1*347 a

118,234 11

3 i

r27,6$5 6 8f

1,1140,604 2 1

1^8,243 17 1,228,847 19 i£

Exthequei', the 10th Day of Moich 1780.

I:

John Hughjek*

00

o

ao Geo. III.

io° — 13°

713

Account; Tax oil Poll Horses.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the I Ioufe.

The House being informed that Mr. Lifter, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Tax upon Pod Horlcs, from the 5th July 1779 to gill December 1779.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Membeisot the House.

The laid Account is preservd amongst the other Papers of tins Session.

Expenditure

of

Public Money.

Resolved, That this 1 Ioufe will, upon Monday Morning next; resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lutue^130 d Martii;

Anno 200 Georgii II1," Regis, 1780. Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. 7

from the Tellers of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty*

An Account of the Four Tellers of the Exchequer specifying the Dates of the Patents by which their Places are held, the Names of the Persons who hold the fame,

Account; Telle/* of the Exchequer.

Supply.

Ways nil Means.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town of Cambridge, in Common Hall assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That this Nation hath been engaged for several Years in and the Salaries and Fees belonging thereto, an expensive and most unfortunate War; the Confe- And then he withdrew,

quence of which hath been a considerable Addition to And the Title of the said Account was read,

the National Debt, a Decline of Trade, a rapid and Or, That the said Account do lie upon the Ta-alurming Decreale in Value of the Landed Property of ble, to be perused by the Members of the House. this Kingdom, and an Accumulation of Taxes, by which The laid Account is preservd amongst the other

your Petitioners find themselves much opprelfed: That Papers of this Session.

a Reduction of the Public Expences has, by all Orders

of the Community, been long thought a proper Expe- The House being informed that Mr. , De- Account;

dient, and your Petitioners are now convinced it is a ne- puty Clerk of the Pells, attended at the Door; he was Clerk of the ceffiry one; and that a Reformation in the Public Ex- called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur- Pcl,'s’ penditure, and an (Economical Management of the Re- suant to their Address to His Majesty, venues of the State, will greatly promote real Content An Account of the Clerk of the Pells; specifying amongst His Majesty’s Subjects, and inspire them with the Date of his Constitution, and the Salaries and

Fees annexed to his Office.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Ilo Me.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

that Unanimity so necessary to a vigorous Exertion of the Force of this Empire against its combined Enemies F> ance and Spain, and to the restoring its late flourishing State: Your Petitioners, therefore, appealing to this honourable House, and considering the Members thereof as their constitutional Guardians, do most earnestly request, they will take and urge, with Perseverance, the most effectual Means to correct all Abuses in the Expenditure of Public Money, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments of Office, to refeind or abolilli all linecure

The House being informed that Mr. Hughfon, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in;

Places, and unmerited Pensions, which tend to give an and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their unconstitutional Influence to the Ministers of the Crown, Address to His Majesty,

Account; Auditor of the Exchequer.

Thrapsion

Inclosure.

and burthen the Subjetft beyond what the absolute Ne-ccfliticsof the State require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Pozvys presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, and Grounds, of and within the Manor and I’arish of in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An Account of the Auditor of the Exchequer; specifying the Date of the Constitution by Which his Place is held, the Name of the Person who holds the fame, and the Salary and Fees belonging thereto.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Walton

A Bill for enlarging the Powers of an Act:, made in the Twentieth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, for building a Bridge crols the River Thames, M^e' Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House from the Parish of Walton upon Thames, in the County

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to retolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now-read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Vol. 37.

of Surrey to Shepperton, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Mawbey, Mr. Barrow, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Joseph Mawbey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of, an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Rqad from the

S T ‘ 1 Town

Guide ford and Faro ham Road.

American

Trade

S'.cpton

Mata

Koadt.

714 i$° Martii. 17S0. I

" Town of Guide ford to ’The Directing Poji near pike Road leading from Bath to in the fair! f

the Town of Farnham, in the County of Surrey County, was read the Third Time. I

And the same was received; and read the First: RThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, I

Time. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two I

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Acts, of the Twenty sixth of his late Majesty, and the I

Fifth of His present Majesty, for repairing several I

An ingrossed Bill to allow the Exportation of Goods Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town I

and Merchandize from Great Britain to New York of Ma/et, in the County of Somerset; and for I

and all other Places in North America, which arc or, repairing the Roads from Steen Bow Bridge to the I

may be in the Possession of His Majesty’s Troops, and Turnpike Road leading from Glastonbury to Piper s , I

from such Places to Great Britain; and to allow such and from to , and from Shepton I

Goods and Merchandize to be so exported and imported Malet to a Place called The White Post, in the Turn- I

in the same Manner as before the passing of an Act of pike Road leading from Bath to in the said I

the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in- County. ]

tituled, " An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse Ordered, That Sir George Youge do carry the Bill to I

with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Majj'achufet's the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. I

Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jer- I

" fey, Pensylvania, the Three Lower Counties on Dela- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Seve- Wsmw.fe " ware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Ca- alrty, the Open and Common Fields, and Open Downs anH " rolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the within the Parishes of Warminster and in the '

" present Rebellion within the said Colonies respect County of Wilts, and for dividing, allotting, and LC‘°

" tively; for repealing an Act, made in the Fourteenth inclosing, the Common Meadows and Common PafYear, of the Reign of His present Majesty, to dif- tures within the said Parishes, was read a Second " continue the landing and discharging, lading or ship- Time.

" ping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen Town, and within the Harbour, of Boston, in the ruddock, Mr. Barrow, &e.: And they are to meet this " Province of Majj'achufet's Bay, and also Two Acts, Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s " made in the last Session of Parliament, for restrain- Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to " ing the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the have Voices.

" said Acts respectively mentioned j and to enable any The House was moved, That the Petition of Thomas " Person or Persons appointed and authorized by His Walter Yowige, Esquire, Lessee of the Impropriate Rcc-<l Majesty to grant Pardons, to issue Proclamations in ory or Parsonage of in the County of

" the Cafes, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned/’ Wilts, under the Dean and Chapter of which

was read the First Time. was presented to the House upon Friday last, and then

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read, be, An Act to allow the Exportation of Provisions, And the same being read accordingly;

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Great Britain, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

and all other Parts of Flis Majesty’s Dominions, to such ’ Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is

Towns, Ports, or Places in North America, which are committed: And> that the Petitioner be heard, by his

or may be under the Protection of His Majesty’s Go- Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, vernment, Fleet, or Armies, and from such Towns, if he thinks fit.

Ports, or Places, to Great Britain, or any other Parts of Ordered, That it be an Instruction te the said Com-H is Majesty’s Dominions, in the same Manner as before mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the the passing of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to Petition.

" prohibit act Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies

,f o(. New Hampshire, Massachuset's Bqy, Rhode Island, Mr. Knightley reported from the Committee, to whom Crouton " Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pen/y/vania, the the Bill for dividing, and inclosing the Open and Com- inclosar. " Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Vir- mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

" ginia. North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Paduring the Continuance of the present Rebellion rifli, and Liberties, of Grcndon, in the County of Northwithin the said Colonies respectively; for repealing ampton, was committed: That the Committee had exan Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign amined, and found that the Standing Orders of the " of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing House, of the 25H1 of April 1774, relative to Bills of " and discharging, lading or Hupping, of Goods, Wares, Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Comand Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Har- mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and " bour, of Boston, in the Province of Massachuftt's found the same to be true; and that the Patties conBay, and also Two Acts, made in the last Session cerned had given jheir Consent to the Bill, to the Satisof Parliament, for restraining the Trade and Com- faction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of 20 merce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively Acres 1 Rood and 21 Perches, who refuled to sign the " mentioned; and tq enable any Person or Persons ap- Bill; and also except the Proprietors of 57 Acres 3 " pointed and authorized by His Majesty to grant Roods and 14 Perches, who declared themselves neuPardons, to issue Proclamations in the Cafes, and for ter; and that the whole Property intended to be in the Purposes, therein mentioned. , doled, conlifts of 1,566 Acres 3 Roods and 28 Perches;

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Jlaylcy, do carry the and that no Person appeared before the Committee to Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone

through the Bill, anti made several Amendments there-An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers unto; which they had directed him to report to the of Two Acts, of the Twenty-sixth of his late Majesty, House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aland the Fifth of His present Majesty, for repairing terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at - several Rqads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once the Town of Shepton Male/, in the County of Somerset; read throughput; and then a Second Time, One by " ,atjd for repairing the Roads from Steen Bow Bridge to £)ne; and, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, the-Turnpike. Ro id leading from Glujionbury to Pipers Were agreed toby the House.

.fyv, at id fronv Chilkwell to Glajlanbury, and from Shepton Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be hjqlet to a Place called The White PoJF,in the Turn- ingrossed.

81 Ordered.

20 Geo. III.

13" Martii.

m

Fa ft Farrnkm IncLfure.

Ordered, That Mr. Knightley do make the Report of an Act, passed in" the Thirty-first Year of the Reign from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and of his late Majesty King the Second, for repair-

inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Comtnon Pal-

D 4 '

tares, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of East Farndon, in the County of Northamptonwas committed.

Mr. Knight ley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of die House, of the 25th of Hpril 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure had

been omplied with; and that the Committee had exa-

Hxporting

Corn in Foreign Shipping.

Thorn-

g’.mbald

ttoad.

ing and widening several Roads from and other

Places, in the County of Glo, so far as the fame

relates to the Road from Fe to the Gates on the

West of Symond's-Hall Down, and from the House at the Top of Froce/ler Hill, where the Turnpike Gate

lately flood, to the Turnpike Road from,

towards Bath, and from the Field called Bowldozvn Sleight, to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horsley to Tetbury, near Tittup's Inn: and for

Tetburjr

and

Owjpan

Down

Road.

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given said Turnpike Road near Down, across

their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction or the Down, to a Lane leading to Lampern Hill, and from Committee (except the Poprietor of Half a Yard another Part of the said Turnpike Road, near the Lat-Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole ter Wood Turnpike, across Owlpen Down aforesaid, all of the Lands intended to be inclosed, conhfts of Forty- in the said County of , was read the Third

five Yard Lands and an Half; and that no Person ap- Time.

peared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and , That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an made several Amendments thereunto; which they had Act passed in the Thircy-first Year of the Reign of his directed to be reported to the House; and he read the late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, widening several Roads from and other Places,

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where in the County of Gloucester, so far as the same relates to the the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Road from to the Gates on the West of Symond's

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Dozvn, and from the House at the Top of Froce/ler

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grafted.

|vlr. Powna/l presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation

Hill, where the Turnpike Gate lately flood, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencejl, jowards Bath, and from the Field called Bow/down to the End of

a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horsley to near Tiltup'l Inn-, and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the said Turnpike Road near How-

of British Corn and Grain, in Ships the Property of Down, across Owlpen Down, to a Lane leading to

Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty: And the same was received; and read the First Time-

Rejohsd, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Lampern Hill, and from another Part of the said Turnpike Road near the Latter Wood Turnpike, across Owlpen Dozvn aforesaid, all in the said County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Sir William Codrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the Whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the better securing

An ingrafted Bill to enlarge the Term and Powersof an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the the Lawful Trade of His Majesty’s Subjects to and from u Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorn-gum- The East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing " bald, to Paitrington Creek or Haven, and from The all His Majesty’s Subjects trading thither under FoGuide Post in Wmejlead to Frodingham Gate, in or reign Commissions; to the Importing Salt from Europe " near Widow Branton's Farm, in the County of York, into the Province of Quebec in America; to the permitand for Icouring and cleansing the said Creek or ting the Free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this " Haven," was read the Third Time. Kingdom; to the allowing the Exportation of certain

Resolved, Thai the Bill do pass; And that the Title Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Ma-be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an jesty’s Sugar Colonies in and to the permitting

Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His pre- the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this King-lent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the dom to the Sugar Colonies or Plantations in The

Expiring Law I-

Salperton

Inclosure.

Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorn-gumbald, to Patlrington Creek or Haven, £nd from The

Guide Post in Winejlead to Frodingham Gate, in or " near, Widow Brantons Farm, in the County of York, " and for scouring and cleansing the said Creek or Haven."

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrefled Bill for dividing, allotting, and exchanging, the Lands in the Common Fields and Common Pallures, and other Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Salperton, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and exchanging, the Lands in the Common Fields and Common Pallures, and other Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Salperton. in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackwell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers

V o l . j 7.

West Indies, was committed j the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it wps referred to consider of permitting Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within The Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever; That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within The Levant or Mediterranean Seas to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British,

or

Levant

Trade.

130 Martii. A. 1780.

or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited.

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within The Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in or

Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited; And that Mr. Ord and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply Bill» Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Annumes ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Lotieiy. tipoh the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from (he Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-Land Tax count of what Part of the Arrears of the Land Tax and and Window Lights, which were Handing out at Lady Day window Light* 1779, have been fmee paid into the Exchequer; specifying the Receivers’ Names by whom the same has been paid.

Account* Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Arming ’ Account of the Species, Quantities, and Value, of all of Cannon, Small Arms, Powder, Shot, and other Gun-Transports. ners’ Stores, purchased for arming Transports employed under the Direction of the Ixirds Commissioners of the Treasury, in supplying His Majesty’s Forces Abroad with Provisions; and also, an Account how the same wrere disposed of, upon the said Ships being difarnied or discharged the Service.

Heaton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing all and ladoiure. every the Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Heaton in the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing all arid every the Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Heaton, in the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Spencer Stanhope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

African A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Company. Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then (he said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Money granted in the Year 1778, examined and passed by the Cuvlitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending

" and improving the Trade to Africa;" and that they have inverted the Money granted in 1779, and have ordered the Goods and S'ores purchased therewith, to be appropriated to the Service in Africa of the Year

1780: And that the Petitioners, being fcnfbie of die great Regard shewn by the House for (he British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, then-lore pray the House to take the PremiH-s into Confidr-ration, and grant fuel) Sum for the Service in Afrit a of the Year 1781, as to them shall Item meet.

Ordered, '1 hat the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands ot Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service: and what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Public Money; and in what more expeditious and cfTeCUal, and leis expensive Manner the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on, for the Benefit of die Public: And that the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, the Lord li’cfthe Lord

Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Ashctou Mr. Grosvenor , Mr. Medley, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Robinson, do prepaie, and bring in the fame.

F xpei

FuHltt

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Electors, and other Inhabitants, paying 'Faxes to Government, reli-dent in the City and Liberty of Westminster, was prefer) ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, 'I hat this Nation hath been engaged for leve-ral Years in a most expensive and unfortunate War; that many of our valuable Colonies having actually declared themselves independent, have formed a llrict Confederacy with France and Spain, the dangerous and inveterate Enemies of Great Britain-, that the Consequence of those combined Misfortunes hath been a large Addition to the National Debt, a heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of the Trade, Manufacture-, and Lands Rents of the Kingdom: Alarmed at tie diminished Resources and growing Burthens of this Country, and convinced that rigid Frugality is now inciif-penfably necessary irf every Department of the State, your Petitionersoblerve, with Grief, that, notwithstanding the calamitous and impoverished Condition of the Nation, much Public Money has been improvidcntly squandered, and that many individuals enjoy sinecure Places, efficient Places with exorbitant Emoluments, and Pensions unmerited by Public Service to a large, and (till increasing Amount, whence the Crown has acquired a great and unconstitutional Influence, which, if not checked, may soon prove fatal to the Liberties of this Country: Y©ur Petitioners, conceiving that the true End of every legitimate Government is not the Emolument of any Individual* but the Welfare of the Coril-munity, and considering that, by the Constitution of this Realm, the National Purse is entrusted in a peculiar Manner to the Custody of this honourable House, beg Leave further to represent that until effectual Measures be taken to redress the oppressive Grievances herein stated, the Grant of any additional Sum of Public Money, beyond the Produce of the present Taxes, will be injurious to the Rights and Property of the People, and derogatory from the Honour and Dignity of Parliament: Your Petitioners, therefore, appealing to the Justice of this honourable House, do most earnestly request, That, before any new Burthens are laid upon this Country, effectual Measures may be taken, by this lloule, to enquire into and correct, the gross Abuses in the Expenditure of Public Money, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments; to refeind and abolish all sinecure Places and unmerited Pensions; and to appropriate the Produce to the Necessities of the State, in such Manner as to the Wifdotn of Parliament thall fcefli meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The.

20 Geo. III. 13° — 140 717

Member* The House, according to Order, resolved itself into concerm-d a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for In Contrails. rcllraining any Person, being a Member of the House of Commons, from being concerned himself, or any Person in Trust for him, in any Contract made by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Commi(honors of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons for the Public Service, unless the said Contract shall be made at a public Bidding.

Mr. Streaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hujjiy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hujjiy reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tore-port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Way* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

»n Means. to rc£,]ve pfe|f into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this Iloule will, upon next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Regulation The House, according to Order, rdolved itself in-of 'ckh"" *° a Committee of the whole House, to consider further EitaUiihmcius, of the Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty’s &c. Civil Establishments, and of certain Public Offices; for the Limitation of Petitions, and the Suppression of sundry ufolcls, expensive, and inconvenient Places; and for applying the Monies saved thereby, to the Public Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Elwes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee, to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itlclt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued, to fit till after Two of the Clock on Morning ad-

journed till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Mart is, 140 die

Anno 200 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

Tiffield "jV TR. Darker reported from the Committee, to whom Indolure. JL▼ JL the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Tiffield, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of

Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and VOL. 37.

found the same to be true; and that the Parlies concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of tire Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, 3nd made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill to continue several Laws relating Expiring to the better fecuiing the lawful Trade of His Ma- Caws,

jesty’s Subjects to and from The Effi , and for the more effectual preventing all His Majesty’s Subjects trading thither under Forego Commissions; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the permitting the Free Importation of

Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Article', to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in rica; and to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the Sugar Co-

ionics or Plantations in The West Indies, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the better securing the lawful Trade of His Majesty’s Subjects to and from The Raj}Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all His Majesty’s Subjects trading thither under Foreign Commiiucr.s; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in;

to the permitting the Free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom; to the allowing the Exporta-

_ o r

tion of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; and to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in 'The West Indies.

Ordered, That Mr, Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire tliuir Concurrence.

Mr. Charles Finch reported from the Committee, to Maiddooe whom the Bill lor the better Government and Regu- *>00r' lation of the Poor in the Town and Parish of Maid-/lone, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the* Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

<j> *

and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gonethrough the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House *, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qucllion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Annuities raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, and

and for establishing a Lottery, was committed; the otterf*

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question ieveraily put thereupon,’ were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. '

8 U Resolved,

718

Import of ' Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-WoS? *n§’ ^elolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Importation of Cotton Wool, in Neutral Ships, from any Port of Europe, free of Duty.

Exporting Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Foreign Riding of the Bill for allowing a Bounty on the Ex-Shipping. portation of British Corn and Grain, in Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Ho'ife will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Biddaford, An ingrafted Bill for more effectually repairing the l.«adi Road leading from the End of the Exeter Turnpike Road, on the West Side of Lord Clifford'% Park Gate, to Biddaford-, and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown Pomeroy, and from Bridge, in the County of Devon -, and for repealing Two Acts, of the Thirty-second of his late Majesty, and the Second of His present Majesty, made for repairing the said Roads, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the End of the Exeter Turnpike Road, on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, to Biddaford; and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown Pomeroy, and (tom Teigu Bridge, in the County of Devon; and for repealing Two Acts, of the Thirty-second of his late Majesty, and the Second of His present Majesty, made for repairing the said Roads.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Jennings Clerke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Import of Mr. Robirfon presented to the House, according to Goocis Order, a Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manu-

LevanT fa<fture of certain Places within The Levant or Mediter-

ranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place what-l'ocver, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Returns Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to :he Militia. Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, the several Returns which have been made to any of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, by any Clerk or Clerks of the Peace, containing Copies of all Entries made and enrolled, and also Accounts of all Returns transmitted by such Clerk or Clerks of rite Peace to the respective Lieutenants of Counties, together with the Dates of the said Entries and Returns, as the same have been entered and made by any Officer, or Officers, holding a Commission in the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, as Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, or Captain, on or before the lft Day of March 1780, pursuant to the Directions of Two Acts, passed in the lift and in this present Session of Parliament, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the Laws now in being, relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

*7

A. 1780.

Mr. Huftey, according to Order, reported from the Mtmbm Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for not tot* restraining any Person, bring a Member of the House of Commons, from being concerned himself, or any m om"a,> Periun in Trust for him, in any ContraCl made by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons, for the Public Service, unless, the said ContraCl shall be made at a public Bidding, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon 7hurfday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter Stockbridp and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty- „ first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George '*in£c' the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Ro, the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through Bellmour Lane, to the Top of Stephen's Down, near the Town of Bishop's , in the said County; and from the said City of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bargate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through Bellmour Lane, to the Top of Stephen's Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said County; and from the said City of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bargate, in the Town and County of the Town‘of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Penton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to Epsom whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed thrtu;?11 for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening,

" and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epsom, through " Ewell, to Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston upon " Thames and Thames Ditton, in the County of Surrey," and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Alexander Bridges, Surveyor to the said Road, in- formed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and borrowed several Sums of Money; which, with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied in repairing the said Roads

— That

14’ Marlii.

20 Geo. III. 14" — 15" Martii. 719

— That the principal Sum of 5,970, now remains due; which cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued and enlarged.

And the Witness added, That the Road leading from near The Green Man at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, and from thence, through a certain Lane leading By the Mansion House of Christopher , En-

quire, in the Parish of Banjleato the Ryegatt Turnpike Road on Borough Heath, in the County of , (being in Length about 3 Miles 2 Furlongs and 16 Perches) is in a ruinous Condition, and in lbme Parts narrow and dangerous for Passengers, and impassable for heavy Carriages; and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: and that it would be very advantageous to the Public, if the said Road was properly widened and repaired.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads " from Epfcm, through Ewelto 'Tooting, and from " Ewell to Kingston upon Thames and Thames Dillon,

" in the County of Surreyand for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, to the Rycgate Turnpike Road on Borough Heath, in the said County: And that Sir Joseph Mr. and

Mr. Norton, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for dividing and inclo/ing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of T in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Pozvys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Fees received for Mr. Attor-

" ney and Mr. Solicitor Central, on Appointments to " Offices, from Michaelmas 1777 t 1778

And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Money received at the Exchequer, for the l ie of Alexander and

" James IVallace, Esquires, His Majesty’s Attorney and

Solicitor General, for One Year’s Salary, ending the " 10th June 1779."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Duties paid upon Pearl and Pot Ashes imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Chnilmas 1776 to Chnjlmas 1778; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Pot and Pearl Ashes imported into England from North America, from Christmas 1763 to Christmas 1778; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. 37.

Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Transports, and theif Account; Tonnage, employed in the Service of the Ordnance, in Transports. the Year 1779, together with the Names of the Places to which tiiey were sent, and the Dates of the Times, and the Rates paid for the said Tonnage: And also.

An Account of the Estimate on which the Board of Ordnance found their Demand for the Sum of £.36,308 for. for new Works and Fortifications at 1 tec. Plymouth, Pendennis, &c.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, pur* Paymaster* ’ suant to their Order, .

A Lift of Paymasters Receipts, for Money remitted to America. North America, for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces, since the 1 aft Account furnished.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iti a Bill for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members

to serve i:i Parliament, by disabling certain Officers, em- Officers, ployed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty’s Revenues, from giving their Votes at such Elections:

And that Mr. Crewe, Lord John CMr. Turner, and Mr. HuJj'ey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Walton mittee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Powers of an Uf^'^h*aie* Act, made in the Twentieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Parish of Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to Sheppertoti, in the County of Middlesex, is committed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Encouragement ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and " effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy," and for making further Provisions for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 150 die Anno 20° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

MR. Controller of the Household reported to the AnIVer House, That their Address of Yesterday (that to His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the several Returns therein mentioned, might paper, be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accord-. ingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

Pepys-,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

j for

Chawton Pond, kc. Roads.

Birmingham,

kc.

Roads.

Mary-le-bone

Church.

South

Mailing,

&c.

Road.

Fisherton

Bridge,

kc.

Road.

Marine Forces.

Kighley,

kc.

Inclosure.

Matlock

Inclol'ure.

Charlton

Inclosure.

720 156 Martii. A. 1780.

for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport, in the County of Southampton, through Fareliam and Wickham, to the Town of Bishop'sWaltham, and from Wickham aforesaid, through Dr oxford. Ext on, West-

mecn, and Rumfdean Bottom, to Chawton Pond, in the Parish of Chawton, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, enlarge, and render more effectual, the Term and Powers in Three several Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmiugton, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to in the County of Warwick, l'o far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through to

ington aforesaid, and so on to the utmost Limits of the said County on Edgehill aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made " in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act for building a new Parish Church, and de- daring the present Parish Church a Chapel, for " making a Cemetary or Church Yard, and for " building an House for the Use of the Minister of " the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bin the County of Middlesex ft as impowers the Vestrymen of the said Parish, to build a Church upon a certain Parcel of Ground in the said Parish, belonging to Henry William Portman, Esquire, heretofore Parcel of a certain Clol'e called The Fifteen Acres; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the South End of The South Street, in the Parish of South Mailing, near the Town of Lewes, to Glyndbridge, and from thence, through Firle Street under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of Afrift on, in the County of Sussex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the First and Second Years of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fifteen on Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West and from Wil-

ton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytesbury j and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Redhcne Hill, in the Parish of Urfhfont to the Mile Stone at the Western End oiFiJherton Street, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Kigh/ey, Thwaites and Newfliolme, in the Parish of Kighley, and County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Matlock, in the County of Derby-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, in the

Parish of Charlton in the County of without ar.y

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tiitup’i Inn for making and maintaining a Rond from Tittup's n t'1 in the Parish of H or fly, to join the Turnpike Road Road.8* leading from Cirencefltr to DuAbridge, at or near Dud-bridge, in the Parish of Rodboroug/r, and from the Bridge at Naisworth, in the Parish of Avon to

Minchinhampton Common, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ripon,

for reviving and continuing the Term, and varying &c-

fotne of the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty- ^oi^ ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the High Road from the Borough of Ripon, by I,gram Bank, to the Town of " Patelej Bridge, in the County of York -ft and for making Compensation to the Trustees and Mortgagees under Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Wet her by to Grajfmgton, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^a*ennd°re for naturalizing diaries Henry Cazand David Du- D,va(>$

val; without any Amendment: And also, Nju

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Smith’s for veiling absolutely One-third Part of Three Crofts Bequest of Land, and the Erections and Buildings thereon, with the Appurtenances, in the Parish of Layton, otherwise Low Layton, in the County of Essex, deviled by the Will of John Smith, drccafed, for the Benelit of the Poor of the Parishes ot Saint Swand Peter

in Eafgate, in the City of Lincoln, in Trustees, to be sold to Samuel Bosanquet, Esquire; and for laying out the Money thereby arising, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled and allured for the Benefit of the Poor aforesaid, pursuant to the Directions of the said Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Receiver Account;

General of the Six Penny Deductions, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented SaUries. to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " The Account of Thomas Aftle,

" Esquire, Receiver General of the Deductions of Six " Pence in the Pound from all Pensions, Salaries, Fees,

" and Wages, exceeding £. 50 per Annum, For the " Year 1778."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Tiffield Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Com- m'oure’ mon Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Ttffield, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that The Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Opcn and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Darker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

V th k

! th

A

L

fc

tl

b

Vi

: (

EJ1; ’ d

*~rre

Trent Bridge Road.

Supply Bill; Annuities and Lotury,

Lourh

Roads.

Imprisonme* t of Debtors.

liTipriTonment

of Debtors.

ao Geo. III. 150

An ingossed Bill for repealing Two Acts, made in the Eleventh and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Cojlock, otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the county of ; and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pat's: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing Two Acts, made in the Eleventh and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Co/iock, otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester-, and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities; and for establishing a Lottery, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities; and for establishing a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and wiilening several Roads leading from the down of Louth,

" in the County of Lincoln," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Joint Thoro/d, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the principal Merchants and Traddmen, of the Town of Taunton, in the County of whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants and Tradcf-men of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King the Second, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Debtors, with respect " to the Iniprilonment 01 their Persons; and to oblige " Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison " beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding " what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery " of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their " Creditors Benefit;" and representing to the House, That the Objects of the said Bill, as well as the Provisions thereof, appear to the Petitioners to be of moil: dangerous and destructive Tendency, not only to the Interests of the Petitioners and other Individuals, but alto rood highly prejudicial to the Public Credit in general: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not be carried into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for Reliet of Debtors, with rdpect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors who " 111 all continue in Execution in Pril'011 beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what arc " mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and " deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors " Benefit," was committed; That the Committee had X ol. 37.

Martn. 72V

gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House,

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Three Weeks, the x 1 th Day i f April next.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom MaccVifi, l<i the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, ^oa<1' passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from CroJ's, at Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County " of Chester, through Macclesfield Forest,. to the present

" Turnpike Road at the South End of the Tbwnship of Buxton, in the County of Derby and for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, a Road branching from the said Turnpike Road at or near the House of Edward Bay ley, to the Coal Pits at

Thatch Marsh and Goit, and from thence to rejoin the said Turnpike Road at Thatch Marsh aforesaid, anil from the said Turnpike Road near The Gojling Bar, to the Lime Kilns at The Grin, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for the Second District of Roads comprized in Two Acts, pal-fed in the Fifth and Thirteenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newcajl/e under Line to HaJJop, and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near Buxton, and other Roads, in the said Acts or one of them mentioned, and also of several of the Persons possessed of Securities for Money lent on the Credit of the said District; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves and others, Consumers of Lime, in the Towns of Macclesfield and Knutsfiord, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Chester, were severally referred; That the Committed had heard Counsel in Support of the said first-mentioneil Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of" the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they hail directeil him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; anil afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for settling the Tolls on Lime and Coals.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up; the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bu/ler, from the Commissioners for executing Account# the Office of Lord High Admiral of Britain, Seamen,

presented to the House, puri'uant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Seamen and Marines employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, between 1 (I January and 31st December 1779, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing the Seamen from the

8 X Marines,

Smith’s Bequest to the Poor of Lincoln.

J.r. port of G'VKis '

fro.v th/* Lov.Vit

722 15° Martii. ^.1780.

Marines, and what Number of each were borne, and And the Titles of the said Account and Paper were What muttered in the Service: And also, read.

A Paper, intituled, " The Particulars of £. 3,250, The said Paper is preserved amongst the other " Allowances made to the Members of the Navy Board Papers of this Session, and the said Account is

" and their Clerks.’* as folio wet h;

Navy Office, lAa ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen and Marines employed in the Service of the 13th March 1780.3 Royal Navy, between the ift of January and 31st December 1779, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing the Seamen from the Marines, and what Number of each were borne, and what muttered in the Service: Prepared pursuant to a Precept of the honourable House of Commons, dated the 7th Inttant.

MONTHS. ' SEAMEN. MARINES.

r Borne for Wages. Muttered for Victuals. C Borne for j Wages Muttered for Vi&uaU

January - - > 66,535 66,863 1 12,109 9.7 5°

February - -- - 66,858 66,500 ! 12,244 9»55°

March ------- 67.323 66,799 12,879 10,054

April ------- 67.5°5 68,447 13.472 10,462

May - -- 68,427 69,4+1 13,871 11,149

June - - 70,208 73>,j6 13.99 5 11,207

7ub> - - - 74*775 77,962 14,648 11,758

August - - - 77.465 79.407 15,0+6 12,007

September - -- - 79,306 80,324 15.104 '2,376

October - -- - . 81,259 81,709 15.587 12,814

November - - - -- -- 8 >.393 82,006 15,656 12,780

December - -- - 8i>793 81,165 15.753 13,004

882,847 893.759 70.364 136,911

Upon a Medium 73.57° 74.479 '4,197 11,409

maBmssssBaa

In the Number of Seamen muttered, are included Prisoners, Soldiers, and other Persons occasionally victualled as Supernumeraries on board His Majesty’s Ships ;which causes the Number muttered for Victuals to exceed Number borne for Wages.

Cha. Middleton,

T. Brett. W. Palmer,

Geo. Marfk,

W. Bateman, E. Le Cras.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting absolutely One-third Part of Three Crofts of Land, and the Erections and Buildings thereon, with the Appurtenances, in the Parish of Layton, otherwise Low Layton, in the County of EJJix, deviled by the Will of John Smith, deceased, for the Benefit of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Swithin and Saint Peter in

Eastgate, in the City of Lincoln, in Trustees, to be sold to Samuel Bosanquet, Esquire,. and for laying out the Money thereby arising, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be Icttled and allured for the Benefit of the Poor aforesaid, pursuant to the Directions of the said W i:!, was read the ! :it T:me.

P.ejcrved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Read ini: c: die Bill to permit Goods, the Product or

Manufacture of certain Places within ‘the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- ing, resolve it Rif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That the Resolutions which, upon the 28th Day of February last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties payable on Pot and Pearl Allies imported into Great Britain, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly, and areas folio wet hi

Resolved,

Dutie* * Pot A (bo. Sic,

Import of Corton WooL

Account; Ltud Tax.

Accounts;

Sale of Kly Houfr, building of Somerset House, See.

Epfcra

through I well Roads.

ao Geo. III. 15" Mar Hi.

723

" Refolded, That the Duties, now payable on the Importation of Pot and Pearl Allies into Great " tain, do ceate and determine."

" Resolved, That, in l:eu thereof, a Duty of Two " Shillings per Hundred Weight be paid on the Itnportation of all Pot and Pearl Allies imported into " Great Britain, for a Time to be limited."

Ordered, That it to an !nib uftion to the Committee of the whole i Joule, to whom it is referred to consider of permitting the Importation of Cotton Wool in Neutral Ships, from any Port of , free of Duty, That they do consider of the said Refutations.

Ordered, That the Order of the Da)-, for the House to fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Importation of Cotton Wool in Neutral Ships, from any Port of Europe, free of Duty, be now read.

And the fliici Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Crd reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Refutation, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

' Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Three Weeks, the 7th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of permitting the Importation of Cotton Wool, in Neutral Ship?, from any Port of Europe, free of Duty.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Gross and Nett Produce of the Land Tax for the last Ten Year?, as far as the same can be made up, distinguishing each Year (which was presented to the House upon the ad Day of this lnllant )be

printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the lteign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for settling Buckingham w with the Appurtenances, upon the Queen, in case file fiiail survive His Majesty, in lieu of His Majesty’s " Palace of Somerset House-, for enabling the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to fell and " dispose of Ely House in and for applying

the Money to arise by Sale thereof, together with " other Monies, in erecting and establishing Public " Offices in Somerset House; and for embanking certain Parts of the River Thames, lying within the " Bounds of the Manor of the Savoy; and for other " Purposes therein-mentioned; "might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That there be laid before this IToule, an Account cf ail Sums of Money which have anlen from the Sales, o; by any Conveyances or otherwise, of Ely House-, and how the same have been applied.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of such Sum or Sums of Money as have been applied to carry on the Buildings at Some-jet House up to Car if. mas last; and out of wiiat Fund or Funds the same have been taken.

Sir J'jfpk Mazvbeypresented to the House, according to Order, a uill for enlarging the Tern; and Powers of an Act, made i:i the Twenty-eighth Year of ,he Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in-

Vol. 37.

tituled, " An Act for amending, widening, and keep-

" ing in Repair, the Roads from F through Ewell,

" to Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames

" and Thames Dillon, in the County of ;" and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the

Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell,

Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road on Borough Heath, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The

Ordered, That the Comptroller of the Navy do attend this House Tomorrow Morning. ordered

to attend.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account; Account of the Number of Men discharged unservicea- ..f^en . ble from His Majesty’s Ships or Hospitals in Great from the Britain, between the ill of January and 31st December Nary.

*779-

Ordered, That the Bill to exempt from Imprison- I®pHfon* ment the Bodies of Defendants, liable to be imprisoned D^"ri°br by Precepts, or other Process, issuing out of Courts small Debt erected by Acts of Parliament, for the more easy and Court*, speedy Recovery of Small Debts, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Jpur- Mr. Wilk* nal of the House, of the 17th Day of February 1769, of the Proceedings of the House upon the Return of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Middlesex, in the Room of John Wilkes,

Esquire, expelled tins House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Resolution of this House, of the \ 7th of February 1769, " That John Wilkes, Esquire, having " been in this Session of Parliament expelled this House,

" was, and is, incapable of being elected a Member " to serve in this present Parliament," be expunged from the Journals of this House, as being subversive of the Rights of the whole Body of Electors of this Kingdom;

The House divided.

The Y eas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas I Sir Philip Jennings Cl7

Idlers for the Yeas, |si(. George J IOIt

Tellers for the Noes, j MuOrd^ j 113.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Prasfefes of Eighty-five Societies in Roman Glasgow, reprelcnting above Twelve thousand of His Catholic* Majesty’s loyal and well-affected Protestant Subjects, united in a Correspondence for the Defence of the Protestant Religion, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners, truly sensible of the many distinguished Blessings and Privileges which they as Protestants have enjoyed, since our happy and glorious Resolution, when thele Nations were freed frorp the Tyranny, Slavery, Arbitrary Power, and Perfection of the preceding Reigns, cannot but be deeply affected with any Attempt to infringe these Privilege? and Liberties so vvilely and firmly secured to us by the Laws of the Realm; and that the Petitioners were greatly alarmed at the Act lately passed in Favour of the Papists in England, by repealing certain Parts of the Penal Statutes, made in the Reign of King William ths Third, for preventing the Growth of Popery; and the more l'o, as they were certainly informed, and had the greatest Reason to fear, the same Indulgence was to be extended to Papilts in Scotland-, and that the Petitioners are convinced, that the Genius of Popery is still the fame, and that Papists only want Power put in their Hands 10 evince it; their Principle? jure pproicious,

their

Expenditure

of

\'>Mk Money.

724' 150 Martii. 1780.

their PraChce intolerant; and to grant them more Power in these Kingdoms than they formerly had by Law, is, the Petitioners apprehend, an Attempt to undermine our Protestant Constitution, to invade our Religious Liberties and Privileges, as Protestant Subjects, and may in the Issue be productive of the most direful Consequences to the Subjects, to the State, and even to His Majesty himself, in regard His Majesty’s Predecessors alcended the Throne of Britain in virtue of their being the nearest Heir of the Protestant Line, and He Himlelf sways the Sceptre merely on the Footing of His being a Protestant, and maintaining and defending the Protestant Religion, which He Hands engaged to do by his Coronation Oath; and that, though the Petitioners have Reason to be thankful that the Repeal of the Penal Statutes against Papists, have not extended to Scotland, yet they cannot but feel for their Protestant Brethren in England, who have already begun to experience the disagreeable Effects of their being repealed amongst them, as they have let forth in their Petition to this honourable House; and if the lnfolence of Papists, already begun to let up its Head, is hot timeously, checked, there is Ground to fear more dismal Scenes will yet open; and that the Petitioners are certain many of the People in Scotland, though they had official Assurance last Session of Parliament, that no Law was then to be made in Favour of Popery in that Kingdom, are not without their Fears, that, while the Law in Favour of Papists Hands unrepealed in some

future Period may be taken to grant an Indulgence to them in Scotland also, which if it should take Place, may be productive of introducing those bloody Scenes which were formerly exhibited amongst them: Wherefore, to disappoint their Fears, to prevent all those disagreeable Effects, to preserv our established Christian Liberties as Protestants, and to tecure the regal Succef-. fion in the illustrious Hanoverian Line, the Petitioners cordially join with their Protestant Brethren in England, in humbly praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, in Favour of the Roman Catholics in England.

<D m #

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the 'Fable

Ordered, That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of York; and also the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Commons of the City of York, in Common Council assemblecl; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, in Common Council assembled: and also the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town and County of the Town o $ Nottingham, in Common Council affem-

bled; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Middlesex; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Southampton; and also the Petition of the Nobility, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Bedford-, and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County Palatine of Chester; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Yc;k; and also the Petition of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of and also the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and alii) the Petition of the High Sheriff, Nobility, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Wilts-, and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of; and also

the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Devon; and also -the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Dorset-, and also the Petition of the Nobility, Gen-Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Berks-, and alft the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Common Council, of the City of Gloucester, in Common Council assembled: and also the Petition of the Electors of the Borough of Reading; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land Owners, and Inhabitants paying Taxes, in the County of Norfolk, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen,

Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Somerset-, and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Huntingdon; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Surrey; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Gloucester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Hereford, in Common Council assembled; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the 'Town of Cambridge, in Common Hall assembled; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Electors, and other Inhabitants paying Taxes to Government, resident in the City and Liberty of Westminster; which were severally presented to the House upon the 8th, ioth, nth, 14th, 15th, 21ft, 23d, and 24th Days of February last, and the 2d, 6th, 8th,'

10th, and 13th Days of this Instant March, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the

6th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petitions.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole I loui'e, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That* the Matter of the Complaint made to Milbow the House upon the 6th Day of this Instant March, by a Member in his Place, of divers undue and corrupt eaun Practices, respecting the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Port, in the County of Somerset, at the approaching General Election, committed by the Right honoutable Lord North, First Lord Commissioner of His Majesty’s Treasury, or others aC'ting as his Agents in the said Transaction, be taken into Consideration, and heard at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the House this Day, do attend this House, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Suppling next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Arid then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock

JoAs,

20 Geo. III. j6° Martii. 725

Esquire, for the Exchange of certain Estates in the County of Norfolk', to which the Lords desire the

16* die Martii; Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

yovis

Anno 20* Georgii III*41 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

jjardttfitW A N ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Road. 1\Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the ltoad from The , at Broken " in Macclesfield, in the County through

" Macclesfield Forefi, to the present Turnpike Road " at the South Knd of the Township of

in the County of Derby j" and for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, a Road blanching from the said Turnpike Road at or near the House of Edward Bayley, to the Coal Pits at Thatch Marsh and Quit, and from thence to rejoin the said Turnpike Road at Thatch Marsh aforesaid and from the said Turnpike Road near The Gofiling Bar, to The Lime Kilns at The Grin, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from The Cross, at Broken Cross, in Maccles, in the County of Chefiler, to the Turnpike Road at Buxton, in the County of Derby; and for making and keeping in Repair certain Branches of Road to communicate with the said Maccleffield Road.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Pec hell:

Mr. Speaker,

Trade of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An *ra*,nd* ’ Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Henry the Seventh, or of any other Acts which prohibit the exporting, carrying,1 or conveying. Coin out of this Realm into Ireland-, and so much of certain Acts made in Great Britain, which prohihit the Importation of Foreign Hops into Ireland, and which take off the Drawback upon Hops exported from Great Britain to Ireland-, and to al’Ow the Importation into, and Exportation from, Ireland, of such Goods as may be imported into, or exported from. Great Britain, by the Merchants of England trading to The Levant Seas; without any Amendment: And allb.

Mariners The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An and Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to eamen. {erve jn j-jjs Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels; without any Amendment: And also,

Huher’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing Bartholomew Huber, without any Amendment: And also.

HaWimapd’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Nat’ for naturalizing Anthony Henry j to which the Lords desire the Concurrence this House: And allb,

Norris’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Estate*. veiling Part of the Freehold Estates, late of John Nor-

ris, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for railing Money to discharge the Legacies given by his Will, and the Codicils thereto, remaining unsatisfied; and for other Purposesj to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

Bp. of The Lords have paflld a Bill, intituled, An Act for Norwich establishing and confirming an Agreement, made be-Fdlowe*’* tween the Lord Bishop of Norwich and Robert Fellowes, Efutes. VoL. 37.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Norn*’* for veiling Part of the Freehold Estates, late of John ®ft*te* Norris, Esquire, deceased, in Trullees, for railing Money to discharge the Legacies given by his Will, and the Codicils thereto, remaining unsatisfied 3 and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement made be- an(j tween the Lord Bishop of Norwich and Robert Fellowes, Fellow*’* Esquire, for the Exchange of certain Estates in the fcftates. County of Norfolk, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ^acioftxe Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the 'Open Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of lekenham, in the County of be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 3 Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Fortnight, the 4th Day of April next.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, ".

Land Owners, and others, whose Names are thereunto Bridge, subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish of in the County of Middlesex: And allb,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, 5^*, Land Owners, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish of Smbury, in the County of Middlesex 3

Were several Jy presented to the House, and read:

Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for building a Bridge cross tire River Thames, from the Parish of Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to Shep, in the County of Middlesex -, And setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, the Tolls meant to be granted by the present Bill, are not only higher than those granted by the said former Act, but that they will be to be paid every Time of pairing over the said Bridge, which will be a great Hardship on all Ranks of People resident Within the said Parish, a grievous Burthen on the Tiade carried on there, and on the Public in general:

And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against any such Increase of Toll by the said Bill as above Hated, v or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Manu-fastures, Traders, Land Owners, and others, Inbabi- arc. tants of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Binglty, and other *®aM ®*fc" Parishes and Places within the West Riding of the County, of York, was presented to the House, and read -,

Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Seven-8 V teenth

7^6

16° Martii.

A. 1780.

teenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parishes of Halifax, Kighley, , and

other Places within the said West Riding; and that the said Act, so far as relates to the Court of Requests thereby authorized to be holden, has been put in Execution in a very arbitrary, if not illegal, Manner, and several Persons, becoming the Objects of it, have had many Aifts of Severity and Opprdfion exercised upon them; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the said Act, so far as relates to the said Court of Requests, should be very materially altered and amended, to make it in any Degree answer the Intention of the Legislature in passing it, which the Petitioners presume was for promoting Industry and encouraging useful Credit within its Limits, instead whereof it has been found to be very injurious; and submitting to the House, that, in case the said Act, lb far as relates to the said Court of Requests, cannot be altered and amended, so as to make it conducive to the good Ends thereby intended, whether the same ought not to be repealed; and the Petitioners arc informed, that Application has been made to the House on the above Subject: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief therein as shall appear rea-lonable and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the feveraT Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall shall appear to them, to the House:

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs in , attended

at the Door; he was called in: and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Return of A Return, shewing by what Method the Colle<stor Com or proper 1 Officer of the Customs, is officially satisfied of exported. t^e truc Average Prices of Corn or Grain exported; And allb.

Accounts; An Account of the Quantities of Pot and Pearl Allies Pot Allies. imported into Scotland fromNorth America from

mas 1763 to Christmas 177$, distinguishing each Year; And allb.

An Account of the Duties paid upon Pearl and Pot Allies imported into Scotland from Christmas 1776 to Christmas 1778, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Return and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Return and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Return and Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account; The House being informed that Mr. Hammond, scharr.6rrl.iin from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he vvas of the called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Exchequer. pUIpuant to Address to His Majesty,

An Account of the Chamberlains of the Exchequer; specifying the Dates of the Patents by which their Places are held, the Names of the Persons who hold the fame, and the Salaries belonging thereto.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door: he fvas called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Part of the Arrears of the Land Acccun*; Tax and Window Lights, which were stanuing out at Lady Day 1779, have been fence paid into the Exclie- ww* quer; specifying the Receivers Names by whom the Lig'.ts. same has been paid.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabic, to be peruled by the Members of the House

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

Sir Edward Act ley presented to the House, according Fouldm to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common LaMurc. Fields, Half Year Lands, Fen Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths; Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Foulden, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Kirk'ui-bri; hi Sievunry IJighimi, &c.

Sir Adam Fcrgujfon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for converting into Money the Statute Labour in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, for the Purpose of repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said Stewartry, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di'edted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the 'Quet-tion severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That' the Order of the Day for the At- Accoums1; tendance of the Comptroller. of the Navy, be now. Office 4c. read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Sew*

He was called in, and examined at the Bar.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 7th Day of this Instant March, " That there laid " before this House, an Account of the Number and " Rank of the Officers and Men employed in the Imprels " Service, with an Account of the Expences attending " the fame, and the Number of Men gained by them,

" distinguishing the Volunteers from the Men impressed,

" and distinguishing the several Ports and Places, between the lit of January and 31 ft of December, 1779," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, aa Account of the Number and Rank of the Officers end Men employed on Shore, in the Imprels Service of the Navy, and of the Number of Men raised by them at each Port and Place, between the lft of January and 31st of December 1779; with an Account of the Expence attending the fame, specifying the Allowance by the Day, or other wise, to each Officer and Man, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number and Rank of the Officers and Men employed in Tenders, in the Imprels Service of the Navy, and Number of Men raised by them between the 1 ft of January and 31st of 1779;

with an Account of the Expence attending the said Service, as far as the same can be made up,

Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing

the

20 Geo. III. 16°

Account; the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great pre-

s.tvy i-A'ra fenteci to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Sums of Money laid out on the Head of Extra of the Navy, between the 31st December 1778 and the 31st December 1779; distinguishing the several Ships and Services on which the same have been evpended.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Edt An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,. Common Pastures, Common ucoiurt. hi endows, and other Commonable Lands, within the P.trish and Liberties of in the County of

Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lauds, within the Parish and Liberties of East Farndon, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Hdo carry the Bill to the

’ Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1 Grcndon An ingmlTcd Bill for dividing and inclosing the: Indoture. Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within: the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do paf>: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing am! inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Comm >n Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Parftb, and Liberties, of Grendon, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunger ford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their -Concurrence.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an nt-ur raised Account of the new Corps which have been raised Corps. flncc of

June last to the pnefent Time; with the Names of the Officers commanding l'uch Corps.

Wo-cester Mr. ‘Thomas Bates Rous reported from the Committee, Paving. to whom the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for better supplying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof, with Water, and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing ail Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and also for paving certain other Streets within the Suburbs of the said City, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments, thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b«

ingrossed.

Mar Hi. 727

tion, committed by the Right honourable Lord North, First Lord Commissionen of His MajestyV Treasury, or others acting as his Agents in the said Transaction.

And several of the Persons, who were ordered to attend the House this Day, were severally called in and, at the Bar, examined in Support of the said Complaint.

And they were severally directed to withdraw.

And the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on Friday Morning;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Complaint, be adjourned till this Day, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the House Yesterday, do attend this House this Day, at Twelve of the Clock.

The other Orders Of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Regulation next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Regula- Kfobwhm«nt. tion of His Majesty’s Civil Establishments, and of certain Public Offices; for the Limitation of Pensions, and the Suppression of sundry useless/expensive, and inconvenient Places; and for applying, the Monies saved thereby to the Public Service.

Ordered, That the Bill, now1 ingrossed, for restrain- Members ing any Person, being a Member of the House of Com- Co°ce°nedin nions, from being concerned himself, or a‘ny Person in Contrails. Trust for him, in any Coritraft rriaefe by the Commissioners of His MajestyV Treasury,' the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons for the Public Service, un]els the said Contract shall be made at a public Bidding, be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next. Encouragement ' ‘ Refohed, That "this House will, upon Monday of Seamen. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amehd an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy," and for making further Provisions for those Purposes.

Resolved, That this House, will, this Day, resolve itself Import of into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to Goods permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within The Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee af Import of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Goucm permitting the Importation of Cotton Wool in Neutral Wo"’ Ships, from any Port of Europe, free of Duty, be received this Day.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Ways the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider and M*ansv further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received this Day.

/And then the House adjourned All this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Milhorne The House, according to Order, proceeded to take p„rt ’ into Confederation the Matter of the Complaint made to the House upon the 6th Day of this Instant March, by a Member in his Place, of divers undue and corrupt Practices, respecting the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Miiborne Port, in the County of Smerfet, at the approaching /Jeneral filcc-VoL. 37.

728

17" Martii.

A.

1780.

Veneris, die Martii;

Anno 20* Georgii III. Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

Woiedter A N ingossed Bill for Amending and rendering more Paring. f\. effectual Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for better supplying the City of and the Liberties

thereof, with Water, and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and also ' for paving certain other Streets within -the Suburbs of the said City, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for better supplying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof, with Water; and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. 'Thomas Bates Rous do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire, their Concurrence.

Maid Hone Poor.

An ingrafted Bill for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor in the Town and Parish of stone, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title - be. An Act for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor in the Town and Parish of in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Finch do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

- ' Mr. Speaker,

Xetherbndge, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Roads. enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made

irt the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads from " the South West. End of , in the County of fVeJimoreland, by to Levens Bridge,

" and from thence, through the Town of " to Dixes, and from the Town of Millthrop aforesaid, " to flangbridge,. and from thence to join the Heron " Syke Turnpike Road at The Guide near Claw-

" tftrop Hall, in the County aforesaid ;" without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the Road fron Sacred " Gate, in the Parish of to Paltringtdn

" Creek or Haven, and from The Guide Post in " Jtead to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Brantons Farm, in the County of York-, and for scouring " and cleansing the said Creek or Haven;" without any Amenchqfnt: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the End of the Exeter Turnpike Road on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, to and also

several Roads leading from Bridgetown Pomeroy, and from Teign Bridge, in the county of ; and for

repealing Two Acts, of the Thirty-second of his late Majesty, and the Second of His present Majesty, made for repairing the said Roads; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and exchanging, the Lands in the Common Fields and Common Pastures, and other 4t

Thor*

Road.

Biddaford,

&c.

Road.

Salperton

inclosure.

Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Salperton, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing all and every the Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Heaton, in the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-sixth of his late Majesty, and the Fifth of His present Majesty, for- repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town of Shepton Malet, in the County of Semcrfet; and for repairing the Road from Steen Bow Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Glastonbury to Piper's Inn, and from Chilkwell to Glafonbury, and from Shepton Malet to a Place called The Whitt Post, in the Turnpike Road leading from Bath to Wells, in the said County; without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the better securing the lawful Trade of His Majesty’s Subjects to and from The East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing

all His Majesty’s Subjects trading thither under Foreign Commissions; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America-, to the permitting the Free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America-, and to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in Indies; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One.Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Confederation. *’

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 29. After the Word " shall " leave out " immediately."

After the Words " Name of," leave out " the immediate," and iiistead thereof insert " some; " and in the same Line, after " Predecessor," insert " within Two Years next before " such Election." 1

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ehces do carry the Bill to the ’ Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships,

Mr. Sturt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, one made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Southampton and Dorset, and the other made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend the said former Act, and for amending and widening the Road between Ringwood Gate, in the County of Southampton, to Woo/f-bridge, and from thence to the Great Western Road between a Place called Thick Thorn and Cashmore Inn, so

‘ far

He.it.'n Indofurf*

Shep.nq

Malet

Rpaes.

Expiring

Laws.

Supply Bills; Militia.

Vofet at Count/ Elections.

1.

> J*

Ringwood

Gate,

&c.

RoaJ.%

20 Geo. III. 17\Marti}.. 7*9-

far as the said Two Acts relate to the Fifth Divisioa of Raid directed to be repaired and widened by the said last mentioned Act, was, committed; That the Committee had examine *i the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fevc-ral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the 1 Joule; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question ' severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b'e itigrossed.

Sahhouse, Sir Edward Act ley reported from the Committee, to and whom the Bill for extinguishing all Rights of Sheep-

KtUing walk., Common, and Shack ge, in and over the Com-

ncoure‘ mon Fields, and Hah Year Lands, lying within the Ravibes of Salthoustand Killing, in the County of No'jork, and for divditig and allotting certain Warren , Heaths, Commons, W’afte Lands, and Commonable Grounds, within the said Randies; and for other Ruruofes therein mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the lev mil Persons, whose Names are thereunto iubferihed, in Behalf ot themselves and of the other Owners and Proprietors of ancient Messuages, and ot Common Fields and Half Year Lands, and other Hereditaments, in the Pardlns of Salt house and Kelling, in the County of Norfolk was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of ihc House, of the 2i;th of April 1774> relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satistaction of the Committee, and had also given their Content to the leaving out One of the Commissioners named in the said Bill, who had declined to act, and inlerting another in his Stead ( except One Proprietor of Lands to the Amount of 1 lcr. per Annum, who is at Sea; and except One other Proprietor of Lands to the Amount of £. 2 per Annum, who, being applied to, said, that' he would confuler of it; and also, except One other Proprietor of Lands to the Amount of .3 per Annum, who was ill, and could not be seen; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and allotted, and upon which the Right of Common and Shcepwalk is to be extinguished, amounts to the Yearly Sum of £. 1,622, or thereabouts) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Import of Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Com-Cotton mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to Woo!* consider of permitting the Importation of Cotton Wool in Neutral Ships, from any Port of , free of Duty

the Resolution which the Committee had directed him. to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:, Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

RejoTaed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty of Two Shillings for every Hundred Weight of Pot and Pearl Allies imported, be subject and liable to the Payment of; the' Duty or Charge of Vot. 37.

Five Pounds per Cenitmylaid upon the Produce, and Amount of the several Dufies under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Ex-cife, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the -House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon the 2SH1 Day of February last. were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties piyable on Pot and Pearl Ashes imported into Great Britain, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolution now agreed to by the House.

Mr. Erelt preferred to the House, according to Or- Duties ori der, a Bill for repealing the Duties payable upon Pot and Pearl Ashes imported into Britain, and for c‘ granting other Duties in lieu thereof, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act tfaldimand’s for naturalizing Anthony Henry Haldwas read the ^at*

First Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen,' Walton I and Owners, and others, whose Names are t'ncnunto fubl'cribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish of IValt on "e‘

upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Pa-rifli of Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to Shepperton, in the County of M; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, the Tolls meant to be granted by the present Bill, are not only higher than those granted by the said former Act, but that they will be to be paid every Time of passing over the said Bridge, which will be a great Hardship on all Ranks of People resident within the said Parish, a grievous Burthen on the Trade carried on there, and on the Public in general: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Coun'cl, against any such Increase of Toll by the said Bill as above stated, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Laid Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers, rending in and near the Hundreds of 0 ^for* Chippenham, Caine, and Darner ham North, and Lordship Small'Debt or Liberty of Corftam, in the County of Wilts, was pre- Courts, fented to the House and read; Setting forth, That an.

Act was palfed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Chippenham,

Caine, and Darner/van North, and Lordship or Liberty

of Corsham, in the County of Wilts; the Execution of which has been found to produce all the salutary Eflefts that were intended by it, by promoting Credit amongst the lower Sort of Manufacturers, and by providing an cffec-

/ ’ 8 Z . tual

17* Martii.

A. 1786.

Gulctefofd

and

Farnham

Road.

The lUh Eilate.

Adjourn-

ment.

Expenditure

of

Public Money.

tual Renyedy for the Recovery of Small Debts; and that the Petitioners do not know of any Instance of the Powers iven to the Commissioners of the said Court, having ecn perverted, or made subservient to the Purposes of Injustice or Oppression; and that the Number of Persons who have been committed in Execution under the said Act, is very small, in Proportion to the Number of Persons who have paid the Debts which have been adjudged to be due from them by Decrees of the said Court; and that, although the Commissioners have Power to commit the Bodies of Defendants in Execution for Three Months, yet they have made it a general Rule not to commit for a longer Space of Time than One Month, where the original Debt, adjudged due, does not exceed Five Shillings, and not to commit for a longer Space of Time than Two Months', where the Debt does not exceed Ten Shillings; and that they very seldom make Orders for poor Persons to pay their Debts at any higher Rate than Six Pence or One Shilling per Week, and seldom award Execution against the Bodies of the Defendants, except in Cafes where it is alleged by the Plaintiff, that the Defendants have no Goods, or have removed them to avoid their being taken iri Execution; and taking notice of the Bill to exempt from Imprisonment the Bodies of Defendants, liable to be imprisoned by Precepts, or other Process, issuing out ,of Courts erected by Acts of Parliament, for the more ‘tafyand speedy Recovery of Small Debts; and alleging, that the Petitioners are apprehensive, if the said BUI should pass into a Law, that the Provisions, made by the said Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, would be rendered ineffectual for the Purposes for which it was made: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that they may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guideford to- ‘The Directing Post near the Town of Farnham " in the County of Surrey," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Norton, Mr. Onslow, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal an Act, made in the *' Twelfth Year of the Reign of Kin the Second,

" intituled. The Matter of the Rolls empowered to " make Leases for Years, in order to new-build the " Old Houses belonging to the , and for the better regulating the Method of granting Leases of the u said Rolls Estate for the future; and for making " Compensation to the Earl of Macclesfield and Sir 7 " mas Sewell, for their Beneficial Rights and Interests " in certain Leases made of the Rolls Estate, and for regulating the Method of making Leases of the said " Estate for the future ;" might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Ord, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Newnham, do prepare, and bring in the lame.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, together with others paying Duties and Taxes, being Inhabitants of the County of Essex, Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That 20

this Nation hath been engaged for several Years in a most expensive and unfortunate War; that many of our valuable Colonies, having actually declared thern-selves independent, have formed a ft rid Confederacy with France and Spain, the dangerous and inveterate Enemies of Great Britain; that the Consequence ofthofe combined Misfortunes hath been a large Addition to the National Debt, a heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of the Trade, Manufactures, and Land Rents of the Kingdom: Alarmed at the diminished Resources and growing Burthens of this Country, and convinced that rigid Frugality is now indispensably necessary in every Department of the State, your Petitioners ob-. serve, with Grief, that, notwithstanding the calamitous and impoverished Condition of the Nation, much Public Money has been itnprovidently squandered, and that many Individuals enjoy finccure Places, efficient Places with exorbitant Emoluments, and Pensions unmerited by Public Service, to a large and ft ill increanng Amount, whence the Crown has acquired a great and unconditional Influence, which, if not checked, may soon prove fatal to the Liberties of this Country: Your Petitioners, conceiving that the true End of every legitimate Government is not the Emolument of Individuals, but the Welfare of the Community, and considering that, by the Constitution of this Realm, the National Purse is entrusted, in a pecuiiar Manner, to the Custody of this honourable House, beg Leave further to represent, that, until effectual Measures be taken to remove the oppressive Grievances herein dated, every Addition to' the present Taxes, will be injurious to the Rights and Property of the People, and derogatory from the Honour and Dignity of Parliament: Your Petitioners, therefore, appealing to the Justice of this honourable House, do most earnestly request, That towards lessening the Burthens laid upon this Country, effectual Measures may be taken by this House, to enquire into and correct any gross Abuses in the Expenditure of Public Money, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments, to refeind and abolish all sinecure Places and unmerited Pensions, and to appropriate the Produce *0 the Ncceffities of the State, in such Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of was also presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That the many Burthens under which your Petitioners labour would be cheerfully borne, wrere they not attended with the Mortifying Reflection, that they are frequently misapplied, and enormously increased by a Multitude of extravagant Salaries, ufeicls Places, Sinecures, and Pensions, which serve at once to lessen the Respecc and Independence of Parliament, and take from Government a considerable Share of the Powers of carrying on the War against France and Spain with Decenary Vigour: Your Petitioners, therefore, humbly pray, and firmly hope, That this honourable House, in Discharge of the high Trust reposed in them, will take e fie dual Measures that the Supplies granted by Parliament may be faithfully and truly applied to the National Advantage, and to such Purposes only for which they were granted; that such Regulations may take Place as shall bring the Public Expenditures, and all unreasonable Contracts, to a speedy and ftrid Account; and that some Plan be adopted for the Reduction of all exorbitant Emoluments of Office, and the Abolition of all sinecure Places and unmerited Pensions, and thereby take away from present and future Ministers the Means of knpro*

?er Influence, detrimental to the Interests of the ’cople.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of fork, and several other Petitions, are referred.

Mr.

Expenditure

of

Public Mr*

20 Geo. III. 17* Martii.

,5 F.iffliiM; Mr. Crewe prefer ted to the House, according to Or-

) sfialifving Jer, a Bill for better securing the Freedom of Election j ^Ofc'e's <)f Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling cer-j tain Officers, employed in the Collection or Manage-

j ment of His Majesty’s Revenues, from giving the ir

j \ otes at such Elections: And the same was received;

j and read the First Time.

1 Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the find Bill be printed.

Korthwooil Ordered, That Sir Herbert be added to the

iodolurc. Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable Lord Viscount JVeymouth, Lord ‘ of the Manor of Pembri , in the County of

Hereford, and the humble Petition of James King, Esquire. Owner and Proprietor of the greatest Part of 1 the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

within the Township of Nokc, in the Parish of Pern-bridge, in the said County, on Behalf of themselvesand the other Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Township.

Ditto, Sir Herbert Mackworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common called Northwood or Northwood Common, in the Township of in the Parish of

bridge,\n the County of Hereford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Milborne

Port

Election,

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Hearing of the Matter of the Complaint made to the House upon the 6th Day of this Instant March, by a Member in his Place, of divers undue and corrupt Practices, respecting the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset, at the approaching General Election, committed by the Right honourable Lord North, First Lord Commissioner of His Majesty’s Treasury, or others acting as his Agents in the said Transaction.

And several of the Persons, who were ordered to attend the House this Day, were severally called in; and, at the Bar, examined in further Support of the said Complaint.

And they were severally directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Paper, read at the Bar by Mr. John Hyde, purporting to be the Draft of an Agreement between Mr. Nledlycott and Mr. and be-

ing in Part in the Hand Writing of Mr. Lloyd, be delivered in at the Table, and read;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring after the Second Word, Uoyd," theie Words, " and the Remainder in the Hand Writing of the Witness John Hyde."

And the Question being put, that those Words be there inferred;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put, That the Paper, read at the Bar by Mr. John Hyde, purporting to be the Draft of an Agreement between Mr. Nledlycott and Mr. Lloyd, and being in Part in the

Hand Writing of Mr. Lloyd, and the Remainder in the

Hand Writing of the Witness John Hyde, be delivered in at the Table and read;

The Houft divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeasd LmrcU,

’(Sir George Yonge:

Tellers for the Noes, j

So it palfed in the Negative.

Vo:.. 37-

Then another of the Persons, who was ordered to attend the House this Day, was called in; and, at the Bar, examined in further Support of the said Complaint.

And then he was directed to withdraw;

And one of the Persons, this Day before examined, was again called in; and, at the Bar, further questioned respecting the said Complaint.

And being again directed to withdraw;

The Lord North was heard in his Place;

And then he withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that there have been divers undue and corrupt Practices respecting the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of at the approaching General Election;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof, theft Words, " committed by the flight honourable Lord , " First Lord Commissionter of His Majesty’s Treasury, or others acting as his Agents in the said Trans- action." .

And the Question being put. That those Words be " there added.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put, That it appears to this House, that there have been divers undue and corrupt Practices, respecting the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset, at the approaching General Election, committed by the Right honourable Lord North, First Lord Commissioner of His Majesty’s Treasury, or others acting as his Agents in the said Transaction;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Charge against the Right honourable Lord North, is ill-founded and injurious

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the said Charge against the Right honourable Lord North, is ill-founded and injurious.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Cotton Wool imported annually into Great Britain, from Christmds 1777 to last;

distinguishing the Foreign from the Growth of the British Colonies, and the respective Quantities in each Year from the several Colonies and Countries.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Bushels of Malt, with the Amount of the Charge at Six Pence per Bushel, for the Years 1778 and 1779.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Barrels of Strong Beer and Ale, and Small Beer, with the Amount of the Duty for the Years 1778 and 1779.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Houft, an Account of the annual Produce of the Duties on all Low Wines and Spirits, granted by the Second of George the Third, for the Years 1778 and 1779; distinguishing Corn, Melasses, Foreign Fn*it, and Foreign Wines.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Houft, an Account of the Number of Gallons of Brandy imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from the 5th of July 1776 to the 5th 0 *779*

distinguishing each Year.

Ordered,

Account; CottonWooI.

Account;

Malt*

Account; Strong Beer, &c.

Account; Low Wines *c.

Acsouir;

Brandy.

Account; Rum.

Account;

Wans.

Account; Goals,

73*

Ordered, That the re. be,.laic] before, this House,’an Account of the Number of Gallons of Rum imported into that Part of Great Britain crfled England, from the 51h of July 1774 to the 5th of July 1779; uitlin-gudhing each Year..... } ,

'; '7 1 V ' ... e

Orderly. That there he laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity, of Wines imported, iqto /yv;r~ land, imm Christmas 17.^4 to Chrijhuas 1777,* Inciu-live; distinguishing each Year, and each Sort Ojf Wine ib imported. . ...;

« -» ! ,j.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, aq Account of !the. Quantities of Coals exported fro.nl England to Foreign Parts, in the bft., Five Years, with the Amount of jffie lad Duly laid upon the Exportation

17* — 20

A. 1

cO.

thereof.

Account j Dealers in Tea.

j

Account i Salt.

nients.

Supply.

Import of Goods from th* Levant.

Way* and Mean*.

Refofoed,.That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further-of the Supply granted to ilis Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, the 7th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within The Levant or Mediterranean to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of ‘the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of! Ways and'Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House, adjourned till Monday , .'/ Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

- . - Lunce, 20° die Martii;

- ' Anno 20* Georgii III'" Regis, 1780.

: Prayers.

Account; TP H E House being informed that Mr. Jones, from Exchequer X the Exchequer Bill Office, attended at the Door; Bills. he was called in; and, at the Bar, predated to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 15th Day of February, in the last Session of Parliament, and also ‘ptirfuant to an Order of this Session of Parliament,

16

An Account of the Number of Offic

?rs, cmp.oyct: in the Office for circulating Exchequer IEiis, with their Salaries, from the first Conli.itution thereof to the _y h Day of January last; distinguishing thTime v. hen

any In create in the Number of fuci-- Officers, or their Salaries was first made: And also,

An Account of tire Monies received

1 and i lined I

Year, be? ;t!i ot

.T

' H -

1 ' "

the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills in ning the jth, of April 1778,.and ending t e 1779 And also, ’

An Account of F,xpence^ a'ten:

Exchequer Bids, from the 5th c.f 5th of April 17,79; and also an Account of the Persons employed, in, the Exchequer Bill Office, with

; t!'--

circulating 778 to the

Ordered, 1'liat tffiqrb be laid before this House, an Account of the entered Dealers ui'Tea, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality for-, the Years 177 9 and 1780. I,'.'. .’ " '.‘~r

Ordered, That there be bid before this House, an Account of the Grots and Net Produce of the Duties on Salt, the Drawbacks, Discounts, Bounties, and Allowances, made thereon, and- the Charges of Management thereof, from the jjth.of April 1777 to the 5th of April 177,9; distinguishing each Year.

Account; Ordered, That there be bid before this House, an Adve.tife- Account of the Amount of the Duty on Adverrife-meots, for Five Tears, from 177.5, to 17 79.

their Salaries,' and the Nature of their, Services.

( And then he withdraw, ‘

And the I itles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered. That the bid Accounts do lie. upon Table, to be perilled by the , Members of House. , '

The said Accounts are ’ preferred amengvt other Papers of this Session.

the

the

the

The other Orders of the Day’ being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Motri-snd Means, ing next, resolve it left into^ Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raisipg the Supply-granted to His Majesty.

"An ingossed Bill for extinguisiiing'all Rights of Sheepwalk, Common, and Shackage, in and over the Common Fields, and Half Year Lands, lying- within the Pari Hies of Salt house and in the County of

Norfolk," 3.n(\ for dividing'.and -allotting certain Warrens, Heaths, Commons,' White Lands, and Commonable Grounds, within the bid Parishes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned,- was read the Third Time. , 1 1

Resolved, That the Bill'do"pals: And that the Title be. An Act for ex tingui fifing ail Rights of Sheepwalk, Common, and Shackage, in and over the Common Fields and Half Year Lands, lying within the Parishes ot Salt house and Ke/Ung, in the County of Norfolk, and for dividing are! allotting certain Warrens, Heaths,' Commons, YYafte Lands, and Commonable Grounds, within the said Parishes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. '

Ordered, That Sir Edward A ft ley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, one made in the Thirty-feconcl Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Southampton and Dorset, and the other made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend the said former Act, and for amending and widening the Road between Ringwood Gate, in the County of Southampton, to Woofbridge, and from thence to the Great Weitern Road between a Place called Thick Thom and Ca/omore Inn, lb far as the said Two Acts relace to the Fifth Division of Road directed to be repaired and widened by the said last mentioned Act, was read the Third Time:

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, one made in the Thivtjr-lccond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Southampton and Dorset, and the other made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend the said former Act, and f<jr amending and widening the Read between Ringwood Gate, in the County of Southampton, to Woolsbridge, and from thence to the Great Western Road between a Place called Thick Thorn and Cashmore Inn, ib far as the said Two Acts relate to the Fifth Division of Road directed to be repaired and widened by the said last mentioned Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Sturt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition

Sail house and Kdlina Iniioiure.

Rinpwood

Gru<*,

See.

Road*.

Walton

up<on

Thames.

Account:

Fees of the Board of Green Cloth.

Melton

Mowbray

to

Grantham

Road.

Foulden

laclufure.

Bishop of Norwich and Fellowes’s Eilatci.

io Geo. IIL

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Land Owners, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish of bridge, in th-e County of Surrey, was pretented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Powers of an Act, made irt the Twentieth Year of his late Majesty King George ,the Second, for building a Bridge cr'ofs the River Thames, from the Pari ill of Walton upon Tha, in the County of Surrey, to Skepperton, in the county of ; and

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, the Tolls meant to be granted by the present Bill, are not only higher than those granted by the said former Act, but that they will be to be paid every Time of pairing over the said Bridge, which will b'e a great Hardship on all Ranks of People fefident within the said Parish, a grievous Burthen on the Tride carried on there, and on the Public in general: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against any such Increase of Toll by the said Bill as above Rated, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, 1'ha.t the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, ilpon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com1 tnittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition*

Mr. Naffaupreferited to the House, pursuant to their

Order,

An Account of the Fees usually paid on the Appointments to Offices at the Board of Green Cloth.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to

Whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Road from a certain Bridge at the East End of the Town of Melton Mowbray, in the County of to the Town of Grantham, in the County of , was committed i That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, arid made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be irigrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Corhmost Fields, Half Year Lands, Fen Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Pari fir of Foulden, in the County of Norfolk, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Act ley. Sir Harbor d Harbor d, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the lords intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement, made between the Lord Bishop of No and Robert Esquire, for the Exchange of certain Estates in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Vol. 37.

3 MariiL 733

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Harbord, Sir Edward Afiley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, iti the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Coal Mailers near StoirbriJg*

in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto Navigation, subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read \ Setting forth, That in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Persons therein described by the Narfie of The Company of Proprietors of the Stourbridge Canal Navigation, have made arid completed ti Navigable Canal from or hear the said Town of Stourbridge, to communicate with the

fordshire and Worcestershire Canal; and that, pending the Application to Parliament fof such Junction, an Agreement was entered into by certain Persons on Behalf of the said Stourbridge Canal Company, and the

Staffordshiri and Worcestershire Canal Company, " That " Two Peiice per Ton per Mile* and so in Proportion

" for any greater or less Distance than a Mile; should il be taken, by the Proprietors of the and

" tVorceJlerffsire Canal, On all Coal which should be

" brought down the Stourbridge Canal, in order to pass " along the Staffordshire and Wore Canal; and u that the said Proprietors might lessen or reduce the Tonnage Tolls, Rates; and Duties, at all Times,

" on all Coal which should be brought and palfed upon the said Staffordshire and Canal;

" from the Coal Mines at Biljion, and elsewhere, between the Junction with the Birmingham Canal at " AtltheTly, and the Canal Balon at Stourport, and in any

" Part or Parts thereof, and in any other Part or Parts " of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal;" and which said Agreement is, by a Clause in the said Act, particularly adverted to, and Powers therein granted to the Staffordshireand Worcestershire Canal Company, to demand and take Two Pence per Ton Mile upon all Coal passing from the Stourbridge Canal upon the Staffordshire and Worcesterfm Canal, and to reduce the Tonnage upon all Coal from the Biljion Collieries, so as to put them upon a nearer Footing of Equality at the Severn Market; and that the Petitioners have actually expended very large Sums of Money in opening Coal Works, evefting Fire Engines, Gim, and other Structures for raising and vending of Coals, and in Fines to Lords of Manors for Licences to get Coal, whereby the Value of this Property exceeds Ninety thousand Pounds; and that the Boats laden with Coals from the Biljion Works pass Twenty-five Miles upon the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal to Stourport, whereas those from the Stourbridge Canal do not pass Half the Distance; and further setting forth. That a Petition from the Company of Proprietors of the Stourbridge Canal Navigation, hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Clause, which will (if palfed into a Law) totally exclude the Petitioners from any Sale at the Severn Market, render their Property of little or no Value, and may end in a Monopoly, to the great Injury of the Public, the Distress of the Petitioners, and the utter Ruin of many Families: And therefore praying. That, if the House (halt think proper to reduce the Tonnage of Coal passing from the Stourbrifge Canal along the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, that a like Reduction in Proportion may take place upon ail Coal passing along the said last mentioned Canal from the Collieries near Biljion, so that the several Charges of Conveyance may be rendered as nearly equal as may be, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do fie upon the Table.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Ex£°",a*

Committee of the whole IIoulc, upon the Bill for in Foreign

9 A allowing Shipping.

734

ao° Marta. A. 178c.

allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Corn

and Grain, in Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Harbord Harbord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Harbord Ilarbord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Account: Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the

Land Tax. Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were (landing out at Lady Day 1779, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remain, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof (which was presented to the House upon the Second Day of this Instant )

be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Nonhill, The Lord Ongley reported from the Committee, to *c\ whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open nc oiure. an(j Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, in the Parishes of Northill and , in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.35. 15 s.o d. per Annum, who refused to sign the

Bill; and also except the Owners of an Estate assessed at 1 6 s.per Annum, who had been wrote to, but returned no Answer; and also except the Owners of Estates assessed at f. 1. 8r. per Annum, who could not be met with; and that the whole Property interested in the said Inclosure, is assessed to the Land Tax at £.447. 19 s.4 d.per A and that no appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ing rolled.

r>n:ics Rijolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confi-v.ooi^Aiies, o|- t|ic j)ut;cs now payable on Wood and Weed

AniC'.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they . had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

A Bill for repealing the Duties payable upon Pot P.-)t Ath:s. anti Pyarl Allies imported into Great Britain, and for - *-c " 4 '

granting other Duties in lieu thereof, for a Time to he limited, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

.*« Refohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bulkr, from the Commissioners for executing Acwanc the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Ships on it* presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, J

An Account of the Number of Line of Battle Ships, S‘3:u'-and other Ships of War, on the Jamaica Station, from the 1 ft January 1757 to the Conclusion of the War;

distinguishing each Year, and the Number and Rates of the Ships.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Apcount do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is prelreved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Elections; more effectually preventing Bribery and Corruption in P c the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, by impoling an Oath to be taken by any Candidate at such Election: And that Mr. Darker, Mr. Hunger ford,

Sir Edward Ajitey, Sir William Guise, Mr. Solicitor

General, Sir Harbord Harbord, and Sir Cecil do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Commissioners acting under the Imprisonment Authority of a certain Act of Parliament, made and °^D^S passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his pCbtsUum. late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Spiall " Debts, within the Tower Hamlets," was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to exempt from Imprisonment the Bodies of Defendants, liable to be imprisoned by Precepts, or other Process, issuing out of Courts erected by Acts of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts; and Setting forth. That, if the same should pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend the Court established by the said Act, will be rendered almolv useless, by reason, that the Creditor will be without Remedy, if no Goods belonging to the Debtor can be found, and by the fraudulent Practices that will consequently prevail to defeat Executions against the Goods, many Concealments, pretended Sales, and Protections from Landlords, under the Claim of a Year’s Rent; and that the small Credit of Forty Shillings, which the Petitioners apprehend the Legislature intended poor People by these Courts, will be totally destroyed, by reason of the Losses that Tradesmen must sustain, for want of an adequate Remedy for the Recovery of their Debts; and that Labourers and Artificers will be reduced to the great«ft Inconveniences and Hardships, for Want of a small Credit; and such of them as shall happen to fall lick, or be out of Employment, must starve, unless they obtain Parochial Relief, or are enabled to raise Money by the destructive Practice of Pawning; and that the Petitioners have observed, that the sober and industrious Poor are always able to pay their Debts, under the Indulgences granted by these Courts of Payment by Instalments, which are frequently limited to One Shilling a Month, and leldom exceed Five Shillings, according to the Abilities of the Debtor; and very few go to Prison, in comparison to the Number of Executions issued; and that, under the Powers vested in the Petitioners, by an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, they have taken up the Sum of f.yco, and intend to take up the further Sum of 800, which the said Act hath authorized them to raise for the Purposes therein mentioncdr

20 Geo. III. io°

upon the Grant cf Annuities for Lives, charged upon certain additional Fees of the said Court, established by the said Act, which Fees are found to produce no more Money than what is sufficient to secure the Payment of the said Annuities $ the Petitioners, therefore, apprehend, that if the said Bill palfes into a Law, the said Fees will be so reduced, that the said Annuitants will be nearly deprived of their Annuities: And therefore praying. That so much of the said Bill, as intends to exempt the Bodies of Debtors from being taken in Execution by the Process of the said Court, may not pat's into a Law; and that the Suitors of the said Court may continue to have the same Remedy for the Recovery of their Debts, as by Law they are now entitled.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

n;tkcur.t'2,lt An ingrossed Bill for converting into Money the Ste^ar'.ry Statute Labour in the Stewartry of , for

tj-e Puj-pose of repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said Stewartry, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for converting into Money the Statute Labour in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, for the Purpose of repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries; within the said Stewartry.

Ordered, That Mr. William do carry the Bill

to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

A Me Huge from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

Trtnt Bridge The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

Roads. Act for repealing Two Acts, made in the Eleventh and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road trom the Treat Bridge,

3 in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through

Ccfiock, otherwise Cortlingfloc Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester; and for making more effectual , Provision for the Repair of the said Read; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities; and for establishing a Lottery; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

comment Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Seamen *° rc*°^vc hself into a Committee of the whole House, unon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Scf-

k '

lion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and " effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy," and for making further Provisions for those Purposes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5

The Mouse resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plead- to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

imh's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act *oorof *or veiling absolutely One-third Part of Three Crofts ntoln. of Land, and the Ercftions and Buildings thereon, with the Appurtenances, in the Parish of JLax tort, otherwise Low Layton, in the County of Kflex (deviled by the Will of John Smith, deceased, for the Benefit of

-Voi.. 37.

Martii. 735 -

the Poor of the Parishes of Saint and Saint

Peter in Eafigate, in the City of Lincoln) in Trufrees,

to be sold to Samuel Bosanquet, F.(quire; and for laying out the Money thereby arising, in the Purchase of other Eilat es, to be settled and assured for the Benefit the Poor aforesaid, pursuant to the Directions of the said Will, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be com blitted to Mr. Tyner, Mr. Tounshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Whittington Order, a Bill for ascertaining the Boundaries between anc* the Manors of Whittington and Oswestry, in the County '

of Salop: And the same was received; and read the Boundaries. First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered That the Lord Li/burnedo make the Report Aheryflwyth from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, Harbour, enlarging, and improving the Harbour of in the County of Cardigan, was committed.

The Lord Lijburneaccordingly repotted from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and tint the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question ieverully put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, An -Account: Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made Exchequer out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Section of * Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One shouland Seven hundred " and Seventy-nine."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Ditto.

Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, pasted in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Seventy-nine."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Ditto;

Account of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raile " the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned;" and to whom the same were blued.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Member*

Reading of the ingrossed Bill for restraining any Per- notto , son, being a Member of the House of Commons, from conuacts. " being concerned himself, or any Person in Trust for him, in any Contraft made by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons lor the Public Service, unless the said Contraft shall be made at a public Bidding, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

be.

756

ao° — si* Mam.

A. 1780.

be, An Act, for restrainiflg any Person, being a Mem: ber of the House of Commons, from being concerned himself, or any Person in Trust for hitn, in any Contract made by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons for the Public Service, unless the said Contract shall be made at a public Bidding.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Jennings do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Regulation The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to blishmentij consider further of the Bill for the better Regulation of &c. His Majesty’s Civil Establishments, and of certain

Public Offices; for the Limitation of Pensions, and the Suppression of sundry useless, expensive, and inconvenient Places; and for applying the Monies saved thereby, to the Public Service;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for the Abolition of the Offices commonly called Lords of Police and Gentlemen of Police, and the several Offices belonging to that Establishment, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Elwes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Fortnight, the 7th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means. ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Way* The other Order of the Day being read, for re-and Means, ceiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His

to

Bills.

And the House having continued to fit till Half an Hour after One of the Clock on Morn-

ing

A Motion was made, That the said Report be received this Day, at Twelve of the Clock.

And Notice being taken# that Forty Members were not present;

The House was told by Mr. Speaker, and there not being Forty Members present;

Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, adjourned the House till this Morning, Ten of die Clock.

Mart is, 21° die Martii;

Anno 20° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

AMES SAGE by Sir Fran Gentleman Uiher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Royal Afat ] Commission for declaring His Royal A (Tent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Delire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Af-sent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Arcli-bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Loid Proficient of the Council, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bibs; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities; and for establishing a Lottery:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels:

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Henry the Seventh, or of any other Acts which prohibit the exporting, carrying, or conveying Coin out of this Realm into Ireland', and so much of certain Acts made in Britain, which prohibit the Importation of Foreign Hops into Ireland, and which take off the Drawback upon Hops exported from Great Britain to and to allow the Importation into, and Exportation from, Ireland, of such Goods as may be imported into, or exported from. Great Britain, by the Merchants of England trading to ‘The Levant Seas:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-

fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty:

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the better securing the lawful Trade of His Majesty’s Sub-

jests to and from The East Indiesand for the more

effectual preventing all His Majesty’s Subjects trading thither under Foreign Commissions; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec, in America , to the permitting the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom, to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America , and to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the Sugar Colonies or Plantations in The West Indies:

An

20 Geo. III. ai° Martiu 737

An Act to remove certain Difficulties relative to " and widening the Roads from The Will, in East Gate, Royal Afloat Voters at County Elections: "in the City of Lincolti, and from the North West End

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an " of HorncaJUe, and from 7 Guide Post at the East End

Act, made in the Thirty-second Year t>f the Reign of of Haititon, through Barkivith, to the Roads directed

his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " to be repaired by the said Act

" An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an " One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of " Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, which shall be brewed his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the " widening the Road from The Hand and Post in Uptori " Town of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finifti- " in the Parish of Burford, in the County of

ing a Bridge cross the River Tweed, and for other " Oxford, through the several Parishes within men Purposes therein mentioned" tioned, to a Place in the Parish of Pteston, in the An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, " County of , called Dancy's

passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his Tctbury to the Gates on the West of Simond's-Hall late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and Dovjh, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, so widening the Road from the North End of Bridgeford far as the same relates to the Road from the Market Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through House in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Minchin- several Towns and Places in the Counties of hampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchin- ham, Leicester, and , and through Rockingham, hamptonField, unto the Turnpike Road from Ciren- to The Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of cester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turn- Northampton:

pike Road to Tayloe'sMill Pond, in Chalford Bottom, ' An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, and through Hide, to the Bottom of The Bourn Hill, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s in the County of Gloucester: Reign, to continue and render more effectual several

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways lead-from Warwick to Paddle Brook, and from Warwick to ing to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and for

Stratford upon Avon, in the Counties of Warwick and several other Purposes in the said first-mentioned Act Wor after; and for repealing the Laws now in Force contained, as gives Power to erect or remove Turn-relating to the said Roads: pikes or Toll Gates, so far as relates to erecting or con-

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an tinuing any Turnpike or Toll Gate in Lane,

Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of or between the said Lane and the new Road leading his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An from Ifington to Paddington:

" Act for repairing and widening the Roads from An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Gosport, in the County of Southampton, through FareNottingham, to Newhaven, and from the Four Lane ham and Wickham, to the Town of Bishop's Waltham,

" Ends near Oakerthorpe, to Ashborne, and from The and from Wickham aforesaid, through Droxford, Exton,

" Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor, to join the Road Warnford, Weflmeon, and Rumfdean Bottom, to leading from Chesterfield to Chapel-en-le-Frith, at or Pond, in the Parish of Chawton, in the said County:

" near Longfton, in the County of Derby, and from Sel- An Act to continue, enlarge, and render more eflec-

" ston to Annejley Woodhouse, in the County of Not- tual, the Term and Powers in Three several Acts,'

" tinghammade in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much George the First, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty-of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for re-of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, pairing the Roads from Birmingham, through WarAn Act for repairing and widening the Roads from wick to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through " Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Bottes- Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehi/l, in the County of " ford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and wick, so far as the same relate to the Road from " from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town mingham, through Warwick, to Warmington aforesaid;

" of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in the Town and so on to the utmost Limits of the said County on " of Derby, and from The Guide Post in the Parish of Edge hill aforesaid:

Lent on ,to Suwley Ferry,"as relates to the Road lead- An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two

ing from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town Acts, of the First and Second Years of His present of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in the Town of Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-Derby, and from The Guide Post in the Parish o { Lenton, pair, the Road leading from Bridge to the

to Saw ley Ferry: / Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle,

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of West End of Heytesbury-, and also the Road from the his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Turnpike Road at the Top of in the Pa-

" Act for repairing and widening the High Road lead- rish of Urjhfont, to the Mile Stone at the Western End " ing from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of of Fisherton Street, in the County of Wilts:

" Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleajley, Glapwell, An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers " Heath, and Normenton, and the Liberty of Hajland, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the

" to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for " Derby to the Town of Chesterfield, in the County of repairing the Road from the South End of The South " Derby Street, in the Parish of South Mailing, near the Town

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, of Leaves, to and from thence through Firle

passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Street under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of

late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An Alfriston, in the County of Sussex:

" Act to continue, amend, and make effectual, an An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in

" Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled,

" His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repair- " An Act for amending and rendering more effectual " ing the Roads from the North West Parts of the " an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’9 " County of Lincoln, through Nettlam Fields, Wragby " Reign, intituled, An Act for building a new Parish *' Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds, or North " Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a " East Part of the said County; and also for repairing " Chapel, for making a Cemetary or Church Yard,

Vol. 37. 9 B " and

738 2i° MartiL A* 1780.

Royal1 A(Tci*t and for building an House for the Use of the Mi-to Bill,. fC n^er t|ie parish of Saint , in the County of Middlesex" as impowers the Vestrymen of the said Parish to build a Church upon a certain Parcel of Ground in the said Parish, belonging to Henry William Portman , Esquire, heretofore Parcel of a certain Close called The Fifteen Acres:

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Tittup’s Inn, in the Parish of ,to join the Turnpike Road leading from to , at or

near Dudbridge, in the Parish of and from the Bridge at Nailfnortin the Parish of Averting, to Minchinhampton Common, and several other Hoads therein mentioned, all in the county of:

An Act for reviving and continuing the Term, and varying some of the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the High Road from the " Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of " Pateley Bridge, in the County of York-," and for making Compensation to the Trustees and Mortgagees under Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from lb’ether by to fington, in the County of York

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-fixtl) of his late Majesty, and the Fifth of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town of Shepton Malet, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing the Road from Steen Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Glastonbury to Piper’s Iim, and from Chilkwell to Glastonbury, and from Shepton Malet to a Place called The White Post, in the Turnpike Road leading from Bath to Wells, in the said County:

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the End of the Exeter Turnpike Road, oh the Welt Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, to Bid- ' duford; and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown Pomeroy, and from Te Bridge, in the County of Devon-, and for repealing Two Acts, of the Thirty-' second of his late Majesty, and the Second of His pre- . sent Majesty, made for repairing the said Roads:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the " Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorn " bald, to PattringtonCreek or Haven, and from The Guide Post in Winestead to Gate, in or

" near Widow Branton's Farm, in the County of York,

" and for scouring and cleaning the said Creek or " Haven

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " repairing, amending, and widening the Roads from " the South West End of Netherbridge, in the County " of Westmoreland, by to Leveti’s Bridge,

" and from thence, through the Town of Millthrop, to " Dixes, and from the Town of Millthrop aforesaid, to " Hangbridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke " Turnpike Road at The Guide Post near Clazvthrop " Hall, in the County aforesaid

An Act for repealing Two Acts, made in the Eleventh and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Costock, otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of and for

making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road:

An Act for inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within 3

the Parish and Liberties of Barham, in the County of K°yal Aflat Huntingdon: . w

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Staveley, in the County of Derb

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Lands and Grounds called Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Breeks, Commons, and Wastes, within the Parish of Heackam, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Lands and Grounds called Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Shack Meadows, and also certain Commons, Severals, and Wastes, within the Parish of Tottenhill ‘withWeft Briggs, in the County of Norfolk: _ _ _ _ >

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Legburn, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Kighley, Thwaites, and NewJholme, in the Parish of Kig, and County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Mat-lock, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and allotting the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Common

Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Charlton, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing all and every the Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of ‘Heaton, in the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and exchanging, the Lands in the Common Fields and Common Pastures, and other Lands, within the Manor and Parish of person, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for naturalizing Charles Henry and

David Duval:

An Act for naturalizing Bartholomew Huber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. HolforJ and Mr.

He it: -

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Swinford for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common , Inclol"te-Fields, Common Meadows, 'Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Swinford, in the County of Leicesterwith an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords dc-fire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment into Consideration.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as fol-lOweth; viz.

Pr. 46. 1. 29. After " aforesaid," insert " by and with the Consent of the Lord " Bishop of Lincoln for the Time " being."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time,' was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughfon, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar,. presented to, the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, Account-made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session Exchequer of Parliament, intituled, ‘‘.An Act for raising a certain KBs,

.‘V Sum

20 Geo. III. 2i0 Mar739

" Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year 1779And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year 1779 And also,

An Account of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursu-

ance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise " the Sum of One Million, for the Ul'es and Purposes " therein mentioned," and to whom the same were issued.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth:

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine."

THE Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the abovementioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 21st Day of March, 1780.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine."

T — T

THE Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the abovementioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Nine hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 21st Day of March, 1780.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned and to whom the same were issued.

THE Monies raised by Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the abovementioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million, and were issued as follows;

To Richard Rigby, Esq j Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces — — 1,000,000 — —

Exchequer, the 21st Day

of March, 1780. John Hughfon,

Vol. 37. Ordered,

Accounts: State of the East India Company.

740 2i° Martii. 4. 780.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. from

'the United Company of Merchants of trading to The East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Payment of the Sum of , £. 1,400,000, advanced to the East India Company, pursuant to the Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty; distinguishing at what Time or Times the same was paid off: And also.

An Account of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company ir \ England, as they Hood on the ill Day of March 1774, and as they now Hand; distinguishing the Times at which the fame, or any Parts thereof, have been paid off and discharged: And also,

An Account of the Balances in Favour of the East India Company in England, resulting from the Whole of their Trade and Territotial Revenues in , from the I ft Day of March 1774 to the ift Day of March 17S0; distinguishing each Year, and the Disposition of such Balances: And also.

An Account of the Territorial and other Revenues received by the East India Company in , Bahar,

and OriJJa, and the Five Northern Circars, from May 1 765, to the latest Accounts received from India; distinguishing each Year, the different Heads of Revenue, and shewing thcgrofs Amount thereof, the Charges of Collection, and the Net Proceeds: And also.

An Account ol such Sums of Money received by the East India Company from the Territorial Revenues in India, as have been applied towards furnishing the Investments of the Company from India to Great Britain, from May 1765 to the last Accounts received: And also,

An Account of the Bullion, and other Remittances, from Bengal to China, towards purchasing the Investment for the Company there, from May 1765 to the last Accounts received: And also.

An Account of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company in Bengal, from the Year 1765 until the last Accounts received; distinguishing the Debts of each Year, the Payment thereof, and at what Time, and in what Manner, the same were discharged: And also,

An Account of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company at Madrfrom the Year 1765 until the last Accounts received; distinguishing the Debts of each Year, the Payment thereof and at what Time, and in what Manner, the same were discharged: And also,

An Account of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company at Bombay, from the Year 1765 until the last Accounts received; distinguishing the Debts of each Year, the Payment thereof, and at what Time, and in what Manner, the same were discharged: And also,

An Account of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company at Bencoolen, from the Year 1765 until the last Accounts received j distinguishing the Debts of each Year, the Payment thereof, and at what Time, and in what Manner, the same were discharged: And also,

An Account of the Monies remaining in the different Treasuries of the East India Company, at their several Settlements, according to the last Advices received: And also.

An Account of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company in England, from the Year 1765 to the present Time; distinguishing the Debts of each Year, the Payment thereof, and at what Time, and in what Manner, the same were discharged.

Together with a List of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew, iz

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved atr.ongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Topladj, Secretary of the Salt Duties, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Account: Duties on Salt, the Drawbacks, Discounts, Bounties, SiltDmio. and Allowances, made thereon, and the Charges of Management, from 5th April 1777, to 5th April 1779, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Nonkill, Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, in the Parishes of Northill and K Sandy, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, in the Parishes of Northill and Sandy, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That the Lord Onglcy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Sibthorpe presented to the House, according to Welboum Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Heath,*BC*0<iw' Lands called The South Heaths and The North Heath, in the Parish of Welboum cum Sapperto in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hildimu's for naturalizing Anthony Henry Haldimand, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates, late of John la Norris, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for railing Money to discharge the Legacies given by his Will, and the Codicils thereto, remaining unsatisfied; and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. fton, Mr. Townshend, Scc.:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common called Northweod or Northwood Common, in the Town- out‘ ship of Noke, in the Parish of Pembridge, in the County of Hereford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ruddock, Mr. Alderman Harley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Halifax, Manufacturers, residing in and near the Hundreds of Small^Debt. Bradford, Melksham, and Whorlfdowin the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign

l-ii'1

Itfl-

pl

i'

fc»'

20 Geo. III. 2i Marti

Reign of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Bradford, Me/k/ham, and W in the County,

of Wilts -,the Execution of which hath been found to produce all the salutary Effects that were intended by it*: by supporting Credit amongst the lower Sort of Manu.-fadlurers, and by providing an effectual Remedy for the Recovery of Small Debts; and that the Petitioners do not know of any Instance of the Powers given to the Commissioners of the said Court, having been perverted, or made fublervicnt to the Purposes of lujustice or Dp^ prefiion; and that the Number of Persons who have been committed in Execution under the said Act, i» very small in Proportion to the Number of Persons who, have paid the Debts which have been adjudged to be t|ue from them by Decrees of the said Court; and that the Commissioners of the said Court very seldom make Orders for poor Persons to pay their Debts at a higher Hate than Six Pence, or One Shilling, -per Week, a.nd fekloin award Execution against the Bodies of the Defendants, except in Cafes where it is alledged by the Plaintiff that the Defendants have no Goods, or have removed them to avoid their being taken in Execution and that they have not Power under the said Act to commit for any longer Time than Three Months; and taking Notice of the Bill to exempt from Imprisonment the Bodies of Defendants, liable to be imprisoned by Precepts, or other Process, issuing out of Courts erected by Acts of Parliament for the more easy and speea’y Re-coveiy of Small Debts; and alleging, that the Petitioners are apprehensive, if the said Bill should pals into a I.aw, that the Provisions made by the said Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty would be rendered very ineffectual for the Purposes for which it was made: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may-not pass into a Law, or that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House Hi all seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

The Roll* Mr. Ord prefen ted to the I louie, according to Order, Estate. a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-tituled* " An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Twelfth " Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intir " tuled. The Mailer of the Rolls impowered to make " Leases for Years, in order to new-buiJd the old Houses " belonging to the Rolls; and for the better regulating " the Method of granting Leases of the said Rolls Estate " for the future; and for making Compensation to the " Earl of Macclesfield and Sir Thomas Sewell, for their " beneficial Rights and Interests in certain Leases made , " of the Rolls Estate, and for regulating the Method " of making Leases of the said Estate for the future:". And the same was received; and read the FirllTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

0«tie* on Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Com-

Wocd, Allie*> mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to *e’ consider of the Duties now payable on Wood and Weed Allies, the Rd'olutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: V. here the same were read; and are as foilow-eth; viz.

ReJ'o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Duties, now payble on the Importation of Wood and Weed Allies into Great Britain, from any Foreign Part ol Europe, be repealed.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu thereof, there be imposed a Duty of Six Pence for every One hundred Weight on all Wood and Weed Allies imported into Britain, from any

Foreign Part of Europe; which said Duty of Six Pence per Hundred Weight shall be subject to the additional Itnpost ot Five Pounds per Centum, granted to Ilisf Majesty by an' Act, intituled, "An Act for granting tj> ITis Voi». 37.

" Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the " several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Excite and Custonrs.in ", Great Britain,"and passed in the last Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties payable upon Pot and Pearl Allies imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof for a Time to be limited, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill* pursuant to the said Refoliitions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Duties on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. Pot Allies, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties payable upon 4c‘ Pot and Pearl Allies imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Gentral declaring certain Provisions of an Act, made in the Turnpike Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Aa. Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain, called England, to extend to all Acts made, and to be made, for repairing Roads, subsequent to the passing of the said Act: And that Sir William Codrington, Sir Cecils Wray, Mr. Barrow, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

Sir Harbord Harbord, according to Order, reported - .

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Corn in"*’ Bill for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Foreign

Corn and Grain, in Ships the Property of Persons of slllPPinS-any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Buller presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Paper, intituled, "The Mint Account of the " whole Expence of the Coinage, &c. from the Year from the " 1763 to the Year 1772, both inclusive:" And also, Mint.

A Paper, intituled, " Thc Mint Account of the " Re-coinage of Gold Coin in the Years 1773, 1774,

" 1775, 1776, and 1777, with all Fees, PerquisiteSj " and Allowances, received by the Officers, and others,

" at His Majesty’s Mint, for that. Service;" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Mint Account of Monies received by the Mailer of His Majesty’s Mint, tf from Michaelmas 1777 to Michaelmas 1778, wjrh an " exaCl State of Fees and Perquisites attending the " fame.:" And also, . .

A Paper intituled, " Mint Account, being the particular Receipts and Disbursements during the Years

" 1773» 1774> s775» »776> and *777>

A its.9 d.the only Part of £ 754,019. 19*. 9</.re-

" ccived and expended on the late Re-coinage, by the " Mailer of His Majesty’s Mint."

And the Titles of the said Papers Were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table*, to be perused by the Members of the House.

9C The

2i° Ma

Dr. William Smish’s Attendance on the Sick of London G.ol*.

742

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition, purporting to be a Memorial of His Majesty’s Justices assigned to keep tte Peace in the County of M'uidlesex, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the said Justices observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented by William Smith, Doctor of Physic, Hating that Application having bce.i made to him, by Sir Charles Whitworth, to visit the Gaols and Prisons in London, Westminster, and Southwark, in order to administer Relief to the lick Pri-loners therein, in consequence thereof, he attended the said Gaols and Prisons from the 25th of March 1776 to the 10th of November 1779, with great Assiduity, by Means whereof the Lives of many Persons had been preserved that had no other Means to procure Medical Assistance; and that the Number of Sick in the Gaols aforesaid, under the Care of the said Wilfiam Smith, during the Period abovementioned, amounts to 1,051, and that, besides his Lot's of Time in visiting the said Gaols, and administering Relief to the lick Persons confined therein, an Expence has accrued to him of/. 566. ir. 3 d.for Medicines, over and above other contiderable Expences; and that it appears to the said Justices, by a Copy of a Report of a Committee of the House, that a Person named John Ridout had delivered in to the said Committee, an Account shewing the Number of Patients in each Gaol, together with the Expence of the Medicines administered to them by the Directions of the said William , amounting to /. 566, or thereabouts, adding, that the said William Smith attended the said several Gaols, daily, and sometimes Twice a Day, and, by his Skill and Management, the said Gaols, which were very full, the Number of sickly Prisoners therein was reduced, all which Particulars,' with others of less Importance, are stated in the Report abovementioned, and to which the said Justices crave Leave to refer; and that it also appears, by the Votes, that a Sutn, not exceeding One thousand Two hundred Pounds hath been granted to the said William Smith, in Recompence for his Attendance upon lick and diseased Prisoners in the several Goals aforesaid, for near Four Years last past, and for repaying to him the several Sums of Money by him expended in Medicines for such lick and diseased Persons; and further setting forth, that the said Justices have under their Government Two Prisons, namely, Newand Clerkeitwell Bridewell, and there are also others within the said County, which arc either Prisons or Franchises, or under l’ubordinatc Jurisdictions; that, with respect to the latter, they have examined the Keepers thereof, by whom they are informed, that the Pretensions of the said William Smith, respecting the fame, are groundless and fallacious, and more particularly and flagrantly so in the same of Whitechapel Prison, which the said William Smith pretends to have attended and sent Medicines to in like Manner with the other Gaols by him enumerated, for that the said Justices have been credibly informed that the said Prison, being situated nearly opposite to the London Hospital, the Keeper thereof, as often as any of the Prisoners confined therein have been sick or diseased, has applied to the said Hospital, and always had Assistance and Medicines from the same; and as to New Prison and Clerkenwell, they are constantly and duly attended by a skilful Surgeon and Apothecary, appointed under the late Act of Parliament, to whom the said Justices pay an ample Salary and Recompence for his Attendance on, and for Medicines administered to, the lick and diseased Prisoners confined therein; and that the said Justices are prepared to lay before the House such Evidence respecting the Prisons within this County, and of the State and Condition of the Persons confined therein during the Period abovementioned, as also of the Means uied by the said William Smith, to mislead the Public into an Opinion, that, by the Exertion of himself, great Benefits have resulted to the Prisoners

1780.

aforesaid, as cannot fail to convince the Members thereof, that the little Attendance he ever gave to any of the Prisons aforesaid, was needless and officious; that the Relief by him administered to those confined therein, if any, was very small and inconsiderable, and that his Pretentions to a Reward or Recompence for the lame, or a Satisfaction for Monies expended by him in Medicines, have scarce any Foundation in Truth and Justice.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wood, ?clr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all, who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Epsom Act. made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of trough his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An R<*s‘

" Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

4‘ the Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to Tooting,

" and from Ewell to King Jon upon Thames and Thames " Dillon, in the County of Sur," and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the ltoad from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road on Borough Heath, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mato bey, Mr. Norton, &c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Encoonge. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to lnew 01 amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, Seamf,u intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy," and for making further Provisions for those Purposes, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli-veaed the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fort- D'lbibrniw night, the 10th Day of Hpril next, resolve itself into a of Committee of the whole House, to examine into the £,ooc, occ* Account of the Distribution of the Sum of/. 1,000.060, granted to His Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, to defray extraordinary Expences, and into the Account of the Extraordinaries of the Army for the Year 1779; and to consider of the most proper Methods for limiting the Expence of the Army to the Grants of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 31st of January 1779 and the id of February 1780, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Distribution of the Sum of /. 1,000,000, granted to His Majesty, to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services for the Year 1779, be referred to the said Committee.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Red'JVun Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King £.14,00000#

George Stock.

VJlii.

-p

01

v.tf

20 Geo. III. 21° Martii. 743

George the Second, intituled, ,! An Act for granting to " His Majesty the Surplus or Remainder of the Monies arisen or to arile by the Duties on Spirituous " Liquors, granted by an Act of the last Session of ,f Parliament; and for explaining and amending the said Act in relation to the Retailers of such Liquors; " and for establishing an Agreement with the United " Company of Merchants of England trading to The " East Indies," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, *That Notice be given, that the Capital Stock, Debt,' or Sum of £. 4,200,000, and all Arrears of Annuity payable in reljieft thereof, due from the Public to the United Company of Merchants of trading to

Ihe East Indies, will be redeemed and paid off on the 5th Day of April 1783, agreeable to the Power of Redemption in the said Act.

And the previous Qttcftion being put. That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

, c v iSir Edward Iclkr. for tht Yeas, <Mr- RMt/on.

Tellers for the Noes tSlr Gemr& TonZe' Idlers for the Aoes, Jsif Meredith:

1

s

142.

68.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put. That Notice be given, that the Capital Stock, Debt, or Sum of j. 4,200,000, and all Arrears of Annuity payable in respect thereof, due from the Public to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, will be redeemed and paid off on the jth Day of April 1783, agreeable to the Power of Redemption in the said Act.

It passed in the Negative.

Redemption A Motion was made, and the Question being proof poled, That Notice be given, that the Capital Stock, Debt, or Sum of £. 4,200,000, and all Arrears of An-fjnrcfc0 w nuity payable in respect thereof, due from the Public to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, will be redeemed and paid off on the 10th Day of April 1783, agreeable to the Power of Redemption in the said Act;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Queston being put;

Resolved, That Notice be given, that the Capital Sock, Debt, or Sum of £. 4,200,000, and all Arrears of Annuity payable in respect thereof, due from the Public to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, will be redeemed and paid off on the 10th Day of April 1783, agreeable to the Power of Redemption in the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do, on the 7th Day of April next, signify, by Writing, to the United Company of Merchants of En trading to The East,

the said Resolution of this House.

Snbfcrlber* Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List to the Loan of the Persons who fubleribed to the Loan of t of £.12,000,000, made in this Session of Parliament; spe-4.11,000,000 cjfying the j$ums subscribed for by each Person.

Accounts: Ordered, That Messieurs Harley and Drummond do lay

furchafe of before this House, an Account of all Monies received Foreign by them from the 29th of November 1770 to this Day, 9*,n- inclusive, to be invested in the Purchase of Spanish and

Portugal Coins, to be remitted for the Use of Mis Majest.y’s Forces in North; shewing what Part

thereof has been remitted inSpecie, and what dra\vn in Rills of Exchange, with alVdlarges attending the lame.

The Lord Northpresented to the House, according Vou. 37.

to Order, a Bill for appointing and enabling Comroif- Commission-fioners to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service; and what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for, Public Mortey; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and leis expensive Manner the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public: And the same was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 5th Day of next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Excluding for the better securing the Freedom of Parliament, by pj"^Jj,en excluding certain Placemen from fitting in the House of from fitting Commons: And that Mr. Hartley, Sir Cecil Sir in Parlia-George Savile, Sir William Guije, Sir Philip Jennings ment*

Clerke, Mr. Turner, and Mr. Winchcombe Hartley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Elections Reading of the Bill for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by dif-bling certain Officers, employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty’s Revenues, from giving their Votes at such Elections, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon 7 hurfdayThree Weeks, the 13th Day of

next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider fur- and Means-therof Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to H is Majesty, be received Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account*: Account of the Amount of all Salaries, Office Fees, Salaries of and stated Secret Service Money, paid or payable to any ‘I. of His Majesty’s Principal or Undersecretaries of State, ties Sute' as also of all Pensions and Patent Offices, granted to them, or any them, upon any Establishment, during the Time of their Continuance in the said Office or Offices, or on their Removal therefrom; together with the Amount of the Salaries of alb Clerks in the said Offices, the Salaries of Servants, the Salaries and Expences of King’s Mefiengersattendant on the fame, the contingent BilTs of Stationary, and other Contingencies, and all other Charges, ordinary and extraordinary, incurred for, or on Account or, the said Offices, from January 1764 to January 1780, distinguishing each Year, and each Office.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill to exempt from Impril’onment the Bodies of Imprisonment Defendants, liable to be imprisoned by Precepts, or other of Oebiors Process, issuing out of Courts erected by Acts of Par- ^^"coarts liament for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small 0 Debts, w'as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner,

Mr. Elwes, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all, who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to enable the Commissioners of the several Courts for Recovery of Small Debts, to reduce the Whole or any of the Fees mentioned in any Act for the Recovery of such Debts.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,

that

r . *

744

21°- — 2 2°

A. 1780.

that they have Pow-cr to receive a Clause, that every Person, having a real Estate of the Value of yf. 60 Annum above all lleprifes, within the Jurisdiction of the respective Courts, shall be a Commissioner for the Recovery of Small Debts, without any Election or Nomination for that Purpose, upon his taking the Oath required by the Act under which such Person intendeth to become a Commissioner >

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

It was resolved in the Aflirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till To-, morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 20 die Martii;

Anno 20° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1780. Prayers.

^N ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the last

mentof5 Jf\ Session of Parliament, intituled, M An Act for

Seamen. " the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy " and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy," and for ’ making further Provisions for those Purposes, was read the Third Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Encourage- tnent of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual " Manning His Majesty’s Navy," and for making further Provisions for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Sevennight, the 4th

Day of April next.

Exporting An ingrossed Bill for allowing a Bounty on the Ex-Coin in portation of British Corn and Grain, in Ships the Pro-Forcigu perty of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity ‘PP,ng* witlx His Majesty, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain, in Ships the Property of Per-

rons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Harbord Harbord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Louth Roads. Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening several Roads leading from the Town of " Louth, in the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

llett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,-10

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Tltonm» Open Fields, Commons, Carrs, and Waste Grounds, ^’C'0lcrt-within the Lord lh ip or Manor of Thorn to*, in the North Riding of the County of York', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An TiSeU Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common htlofiue. Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Tijfield, in the County of Northampton-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An WorcrUtr Act for amending and rendering more effectual Two Paving. Acts, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for better supplying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof^ with Water; and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Stockl>rtf;e Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge " the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Hoads from die Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester; and from the Laid City, through Bellmour Lane, to the Top of Stephen's Down, near the Town of Bishop'sWaltham, in the said County; and from the said City of through

Overborne, to Bargate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An j/aidHooe Act for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor. Poor in the Town and Parish of , in the County of Kent; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An EtflFirol* Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Commen lnu0lJt' Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Li-beties of East Farudon, in the County of Northampton-,

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cre"<l°» for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common inc0"fe' Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Pari 111, and Liberties of Grendon, in the county of;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mardr-firli to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Croft at Broken Crops, in Macclesfield, in the County of to the Turnpike Road at Buxton, in the County of Derby; and for making and keeping in Repair certain Branches of Road to communicate with the said Macclesfield lioad; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Godin’* enable James Bigot, Esquire, an Infant, lately called ^laie-James Godin, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and all other Persons who shall become entitled to the Estates late of Peter Bigot, Esquire, deceased, under the Limitations contained in his Will, to take and use the Surname of Bigot, pursuant to his said Will to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Road Melton from a certain Bridge at the Ealt End of the Town of Mowbray Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, was read ’ the Third Time.

RefiolveJ,

ii>

Jm

I I

t.

1

DjJJ*

in

20 Geo. III. aa° . 745

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from a certain Bridge at the East End of the Town of Melton Mowbray, in the County of to the Town of

Grantham, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerfo do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hildimand’s Mr. Alderman Willies reported from the Committee, Nit* to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Anthony Henry , was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Wilkes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

OlJfwinford

lodofare.

Ordered, That Lord Edward Bentinck be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Foley, Baron of -minster, in the County of Wore, and the humble Petition of the honourable Andrew Foley, Esquire, and the Reverend Robert FoleyDoftor in Divinity and Dean of Worcester, Devifces in Trull named in the last

Will and Te(lament of the Right honourable Thomas laird Foley, lately deceased, Lords of the Manors of

O/dfwinford, Redcoat, and Si our bridge , and of the Hamlet or Manor of Woltaston, in the Parish of Oldfwinford, in the County of Worcester, and Patron or Patrons of the Rectory and Church of aforesaid;

the Reverend Robert Foley, Rector of the Parish of Oldfwinford aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor and Parish.

Ditto. Lord Edward Bentinck presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Oldfwinford, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

surer of the Navy.

Mr. Ellis presented to the House, pursuant to their Report from Order, the Trea-

A Paper, intfluled, " Report of the Right honourable Welbore Ellis, Treasurer of His Majesty’s " Navy; in pursuance of an Order from the honourable House of Commons, dated Jovis, die " Martii."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, -to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Accounts:

Commissioners of Excise, attended at*the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Bushels of Malt, with Malt, the Amount of the Charge at Six Pence per Bushel, for the Years 1778 and 1779: And also,

An Account of the Number of Barrels of Strong and Strong Beer. Small Beer, with the Amount of the Duty for the Years ended the 5th July 1778 and 1779: And also,

An Account of the annual Produce of the Duties on Low Wines, all Low Wines and Spirits, granted by the Second of George the Third, for the Years 1778 and 1779; distinguishing Corn, Melasses, Foreign Fruit, and Foreign Wines: And also,

An Account of the Number of entered Dealers in Dealers in Tea, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, for the Years Tea.

1779 and 1780.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Hilton Mr. Curzon presented to the House, according to

Inciolure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Hilton, in the Parish of PI erf on upon Dove, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

>, Sherminoron ]Mr. Chester reported from the Committee, to whom ladofure. the g]|j jor dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of in

the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Three Yard Lands and an Half in the Field,

who refused to sign their Consent to the Bill; and

that the Whole of the Lands in the said Field con-:>>l fill of 48 Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared

| before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the

Vox.. 37.

The House being informed that Mr. Moore, from the Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " The Return of the Commis- Return from " sioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches the Comand Chairs, to the Order of this honourable House, r°T

" dated 2d March 1780, for an Account of all Monies " received into their Office, and tire Nature of their " Service, idc."

And then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Top/ady, Secretary of the Salt Duties, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur-luant to their Order,

An Account of all Monies actually received into the Account-Salt Office for the Service of, and raised upon, the Pub- from the lie, in the Year ended Michaelmas 1778, together with Salt Onice. an exact State of the Fees attending the lllue and Audit-9 & ins

Account of

Quittance

Debentures.

Halt fa v, &c. Small Debt:;,

746

ing the same; with an Account of the Salaries of the Officers; and an Explanation of the Nature of the Service or Duty performed in the Receipt of, itTuing, and accounting for, such Money.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is* preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Ordnance Debentures made out on or before the 3 tft ot January 1780, and which yet remain unpaid; distinguishing the Sums made out, and the Times when the same were made out, in each Month.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several ( Jcntiemcn, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders* Land Owners, and others, Inhabitants of Halifax, Bradford, Kighlex, Binglex, and other Parishes and Places within the West Riding of the County of York, were ievcrally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, an Atfl, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Right ex, and other Places therein-mentioned, in the County of York, was read: And,

William Lee being examined, said, That he was Gaoler of the Prison belonging to the Court of Requests at Halifax, for Eighteen Months, in the Year 1777 anc* lll8 — That Fifty-four Persons were committed in that Time, all of whom were committed for Three Months — That some of the Debts were as low as 3 s. 8 d. — That in Six of the Warrants of Commitments, there were Orders not to let the Prisoners have any Work in the Gaol — That lie applied to one of the Commissioners respecting the Order, but could not obtain Red refs — That he then applied to the Friends of the Prisoners, and to the Towns to which they belonged, for Relief for the Prisoners, but could not obtain any; he then applied to a Justice of the Peace, and finding he could not get any Relief, he was at length obliged to supply them with Provisions himself, otherwise they would have been llarved — That he had Orders to keep the Prisoners close locked up — That he expended about Eleven Pounds in the Relief of the Prisoners, which has never been repaid to him — That the Men becoming riotous, a Pair of Handcuffs and the Key of the Hole was lent to him — That when the Men had Work they behaved well — That One of the Prisoners, who was a lickly Man, and had a Wile and Two Children, being upwards ot Seven Weeks out of Work, was al-1110ft starved, to prevent which, he lent him Money to buy Provisions, which were bought for him at the Town — That he was advised to summon the Man to the Court for the Amount of the Money he had so advanced him, which he did; and represented to the Commissioners the Circumstances of the Cafe, and extreme Poverty and Distress of the Man and his Family, upon which the Commissioners made an Order for Payment of the Money by Instalments.

"That a Woman of upwards of 80 Years of Age, being committed for a Debt of 135. 3 d. besides 5^. io d. Colls, after buffering an Imprisonment of Three Months, was ordered to be discharged upon Payment of 5;. for Gaol Fees, which being paid, 1 s. 8 cl. was

A. 1780.

demanded of her for discharging the Execution, which (lie refusing to pay, he was ordered to detain her in Prison, which he did for about Eight Hours; when (he was discharged, and upon going out of the Prison, was served with a Summons for the i s. 8 — but that the

Money was never paid — That (lie had Two Houses of her own, in one of which (lie lived.

That a poor Girl of about 18 Years of Age, who had been apprenticed out by the Town to which (he belonged, was committed in Execution at tire Suit of a travelling Pedlar, for a Debt of 7 2d. — That (he

came very poor and ragged into the Prison, and was taken with Fits, which held her for 12 Hours together — That'her Matter lived 12 Miles off, and that during her Confinement he applied for Maintenance for her — That at the End of the Three Months Imprisonment (he was so ill as not to be fit to go out; and that (lie was confined in the Whole between 16 and 17 Weeks. Then

Silas Hainsworth being examined, said, That he was

committed a Prisoner in Execution at Bradford, for a Debt of £. 1. 19 s. n d. That he remained in Prison from the 16th January 1779 to 16th April following, when he was discharged upon paying his Gaol Fees — That he is a Clothier by Trade — That he w-as put into a Room under Ground, called The Breaking School — That it was a nasty (linking Hole, without Glass to the Window's — That they put all the Prisoners there at first, in order to fee if they will pay the Debts. — That he was locked up in that Room for Three Week', without being suffered to go out — That there was a Closet in the Room, which was used as a Necessary, and which was Six Weeks all but Two Days without being once cleansed — That he found himself much affected by the Smell, and complained daily — That Four other Persons were confined with him, One of whom (James Smith) died; that he found him dead by him — That the Water they were supplied with was nasty and (linking, notwithstanding which they were obliged to pay Eight Pence per Week (or it — That there is no Fire allowed — That they had a wooden Bed, but no Bed Cloaths — That about Ten or Twelve, and sometimes 15 or 16 Persons, were confined in Prison at a Time while he was there — That he has a Wife and Five Children, which he supported without any Aflifiance before he was sent to Prison — That after his Commitment, his Family had an Allowance of 6j.a Mont!) from the Parish — That he had $s. towards his W ife’s Lying-in, but has had nothing since — That he has known many Families reduced in the like Manner — That the Prisoners were in general unhealthy while he was in Prison — That Three young Women were committed for Three Months, for a joint Debt of 5 6d.;

and when they were discharged they were obliged to leave a Pair of Stays for the Gaol Fees.

William Sutcliffe being then examined, said, That he was committed to Prison for a Debt of 9 r. on tlle 19th July 1779, and was discharged on the 19th October — That about Fourteen or Fifteen Persons were in general in Prison while he was there — That he remembers a Person who was committed for Three Months for a Debt of 1 s. 6 d. — That there were 16 Persons in Prison at one Time, who were the Parents of 68 Children, and whole Debts, altogether, amounted to about £. 15 — That there were at another Period 15 Persons confined in Prison, who were the Parents of 73 Children, and whole Debts amounted to 17. — That the

Prison is unhealthy, and the Prisoners frequently fub-ject to Fevers; and that he had one himself whilst he was there.

Mr. John Hardy produced to your Committee, a List of 20 Persons committed to Prison, whose Debts, in the Whole, amounted to £-7- 1 d. and the Colls of which Suits amounted to £ 13. 5 6

And beins examined, he laid. That there are many

Defects

22° Martii-

7-n

20 Geo. III. 21° Martii-

747

Def-cts in the A<5b, necessary to be amended; and he iniTaticcd flu* following:

That there is no Fund for providing a Gaol, in case Imprisonment shall be allowed; nor is there any Fund for supporting tire Sick, or such as shall be unable to maintain themselves when confined.

That in calc of an Elcape the Plaintiff has no Remedy.

That in case the Goods are taken and fold upon Execution, the Charges are in no respect limited; nor is the Return of the Overplus to the Party, or the Con-dud of the Officers thereupon, sufficiently provided and guarded against.

That the Conirwissioners have no Power to reduce the Fees*, which are, in fume Cafes, very exorbitant and oppressive, and frequently exceed the original Debt.

That the Clerk is not chosen annually, but appointed to hold his Onice during good Behaviour; and in case of his Removal, there is no Power to compel him to give up the Books, or pay over the Money remaining in his Hands.

That the Qualification of the Commissioners is much too low.

That if the Powers of the Court did not extend to Debts contracted at Alehouses, it might be a Means of preventing Drunkenness and Dissipation.

That Persons rclident within the Jurisdiction of the Court, are obliged to attend on Subpoenas, under a Penalty, although their Expences are not tendered to them — That Witnesses are frequently obliged to travel i 5 or i 6 Miles.

That there is no Power in the Commissioners to charge the Plaintiff with Costs, when improper Credit has been given, or on any other Account.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the more cafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bindley, Guifc/cy, Cc her lev, Barley, Birftall, Mirfield, Hartishead cam Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheatcn, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for granting other Powers for those Purposes: And that Sir George Servile, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Spencer Stanhope, and Sir John Goodricke, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordoed, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to exempt from Imprisonment, the Bodies of Defendants liable to be imprisoned by Precepts, or other Prccefs, bluing out of Courts erected by Acts of Parliament for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, is comm i t ted.

Wr.J

*«r!»ptke.

Sir William Codringion presented to the House, according to Order, a Bdl for declaring certain Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, to extend to all

Ci '

Acts made, and to be made, for repairing lloads subsequent to the passing of the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bui be printed.

Pengturc The Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, principal In-Montyl<* habitants, and Freeholders, of the Town and County of Sezvcqflie upon Tyne, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That this Nation has been engaged for several Years in a most expensive and unfor-tunare War; that many of our valuable Colonies have actually declared themselves independent, have formed a drift Confederacy with France and Spain, the dangerous and inveterate Enemies of Great Britain; that the VOL. 37.

Consequence of these combined Misfortunes hath been a large Addition to the National Debt, a heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of the Trade, Manufactures, and Land Rents of the Kingdom: Alarmed at the diminished Resources and growing Burthens of this Country, and convinced that rigid Frugality is now indispensably necessary in every Department of the State, your Petitioners observe, with Grief, that, notwithstanding the Calamities, and impoverished Condition, of the Nation, much Public Money has been improvidently squandered, and that many Individuals enjoy sinecure Places, efficient Places with exorbitant Emoluments, and Pensions unmerited by Public Service, to a large and still increasing Amount; Your Petitioners, therefore, appealing to the Justice of this honourable House, do moll earnestly request. That speedy and effectual Measures may be taken, by this House, to enquire into, and correct, the gross Abuses in the Expenditure of Public Money, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments, to refeind and abolish all sinecure Places and unmerited Pensions, and to appropriate the Produce to the Necessities of the State, in such Manner as to this honourable House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Y, and several other Petitions, are referred.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Thurs- Call of the day the 6th Day of April next. House.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of this House upon Thursday the 6th Day of April next.

Copies of which Letters are as follow; .

From the House of Commons, the 22d March 1780.

SIR,

I am commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint you, That you are, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Representatives of your County and Boroughs within the lame, to attend their Service in Parliament on Thwfdaythey 6th Day of April next; and you are ro give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what vou have done thereon, upon Fain ot incurring the Displeasure of the said House.

1 am, SIR,

Y our humble Servant,

Flr. Norton, Speaker.

From the House of Commons, the 22d March 1780.

My Lord,

I am commanded by the House of Commons to desire your Lordship, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Members of Parliament for the Cinque Ports, to attend their Service in Parliament, on Chur [day the 6th Day ot April next; your Lcrdfiup will also be pleated to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon.

1 am, with the utmoif Respect,

My Lord,

Your Lord ship’s Molt humble and obedient Servant,

Ft'. Norton, Speaker.

To the Right honourable Frederick

Lord North, Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports.

Mr.

22a Martii. A. 1780.

Mr. Secretary at War preferred to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Account: An Account of the new Corps which have been unfed

New raised /rom the 1 (I June 1779 to March 1780; with the Names C orps. the Officers commanding such Corps.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The laid Account is preserved amongst the other papers of this Session.

Papers rel petting Articles provided upon Commission.

The House being informed, that Mr. Mitford, from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Book, intituled, " Copies of all Minutes made " by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, from the 31st of May 1777 to the 2d of " binary 1780, inclusive; respecting the providing of

" various Articles upon Commission, for the Use of " Government And also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of " Rowe, appointed by the Lords of the Treasury to ‘‘ receive and pay all Monies issued out of the Exchequer, to defray the Expectes of exchanging de* " ficient Gold Coin, pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the Fourteenth of George the Third."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Book and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Book and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be' perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book and Paper arc preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ways and Means.

n.

O /

i145

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 7th Day of next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,] ^'r

( Sir Cecil Wray:

Tellers for the Noes,f*r

I Mr. St. John

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an Additional Duty of Six Pence for every Bushel be charged upon all Malt made, and which shall be made, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and an Additional Duty of Three Pence for every Bushel be charged upon all Malt made, and which shall be made, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and lo in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an Additional Duty ot Three Pence per Bushel be charged upon all Malt which shall be brought tro:n Scotland into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and so in Proportion for any greater oriel’s Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Allowances hereafter mcmh.ned, be made upon all Beer and Ale brewed for Sale, over and above all other Allowances given by Law; that is to' say. One Shilling and Four Pence upon every Barrel ot Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excile, brewed by the Common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell, or tap out, Beer or Ale, publicly or privately, within the Cities of London and IVef minder, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and returned from the Gauger; One Shilling and Eight Pence upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, brewed by the Common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell, or tap out, Beer or Ale, publicly or privately, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, not being within the said Cities of London and Westminster, nor within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and returned by the Gauger; Four Pence upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale of Six Shillings the Barrel or under, brewed by the Common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell, or tap out. Beer or Ale, publicly or privately, throughout England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and returned by the Gauger; Ten Pence upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excile, brewed by the Common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell, or tap out. Beer or Ale, publicly or privately, within that Part of Britain called

Scotland, and returned by the Gauger; Four Pence upon every Barrel of Twopenny Ale, mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union, brewed within that Part of Great Britain called , and re-

turned by the Gauger; and Two Pence upon every Barrel of Six Shillings Beer or Ale, or under, brewed by the Common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell, or tap out, Beer or Ale, publicly or privately, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the Gauger; and after those Rates, for any greater or less Quantities; the said Allowances to be paid out of the Monies to arise by the Additional Duties on Malt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extract ion, made or drawn in Great Britain, for Home Consumption, from any Sort of Drink or Walk, brewed or made from any Sort of Malt or Corn, or from Brewers Walh or Tilts, or any Mixture with such Brewers Walh or Tilts, there shall be granted and paid to FI is Majesty One Penny, over and above all other Duties charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distillers or Mai ;ers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Gallon of Strong Waters or Aqua Vitae made for Sale, for Home Consumption, of the Materials aforesaid, there shall be granted and paid to His Majesty Three Pence, over and above all other Duties charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Datallers or Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn for Home Consumption from any Foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, there shall be granted and paid to His Majesty Three Pence, over and above all other Duties charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Gallon of Spirits made or drawn in Great Britain, for Home Consumption, from any Foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, there shall be granted and paid to His Majesty lwo Pence, over and above all other Duties charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distiders ar Makers thereof.

Refo/ved. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, xz That,

lo Geo. III. 22° Martii. . 749

That, for every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits of the' first Extraction, made or drawn for Home Consumption, from Cyder, or any Sort or Kind of BritiJJt Materials, except those before-mentioned, or any Mixture therewith, there shall be granted and paid to His Majesty One Penny Three Farthings, over and above all other Duties charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Gallon of Spirits made for Sale, for Home Consumption, from Cyder, or any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except those before-mentioned,' there shall be granted and paid to His Majesty Two Pence, over and above all other Duties charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Gallon of Single Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Vitas, imported into Great Britain from beyond the Seas, there be paid by the Importer before Landing, One Shilling, over and above all other Duties charged or chargeable thereon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar, for every Gallon of Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Yitse, above Proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported into Great Britain trom beyond the Seas, there be paid by the Importer before Landing, Two Shillings, over and above all other Duties charged or chargeable thereon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Gallon of Rum imported into Great Britain from beyond the Seas, there be paid by the Importer before Landing, One Shilling, over and above all other Duties charged or chargeable thereon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Eight Pounds be laid upon every Ton of French W ine and French Vinegar which shall be imported into this Kingdom, and after that Rate for any greater or Idler Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty ot Four Pounds be laid upon every Ton of all other Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom, and after that Rate for any greater or lcffer Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Four Shillings for every Chaldron of Coals, Newcastle Measure, which shall be shipped for Exportation to any Part beyond the Seas, and after the same Kate for any greater or Idler Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. That the said additional Duties shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the Duty or Charge of Five Pounds per Centum. laid upon the Produce and Amount of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners, of the Customs and Excise, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of One Penny Farthing per Gallon be laid upon all Salt and Rock Salt which shall be made at the Salt Works, or be taken out of any Pit, or Pits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and after that Rate for a greater or Idler Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Three Pence per Bushel be laid upon all Salt which shall be made at any Sait Works, or be taken out of any Pit or Pits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and after that Rate for u greater or Idler Quantity.

"Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Two Pence Halfpenny per

Vol. 37.

Gallon be laid upon all Foreign'Salt imported into Ways Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer and Im- and Means, porters thereof, and alter that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Seven Pence per Bushel be laid upon all Salt imported from Scotland into England,

Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Advertisement to be contained in the London Gazette, or any other printed Paper in Great Britain, to be dispersed, or made public, Weekly, or oftener, over and above all other Rates and Duties now imposed, there be charged an additional Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion)' this Committee,

That, for every Advertisement to be contained in, or published with, any Paper or Pamphlet whatsoever, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed or made public.

Yearly, Monthly, or at any other Interval of Time, exceeding One Week, over and above all other Rates and Duties now imposed thereon, there be charged an additional Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Thar, for every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, or other Discharge, for any Legacy, left by any Will, or other Testamentary Instrument, or for any Share or Part of a Personal Estate, divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, the Amount whereof shall not exceed the Value of Twenty Pounds, a Stamp Duty ot Two Shillings and Six Pence; and where the Amount thereof shall be of the Value of Twenty Pounds, and not amounting to One hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of Five Shillings, and where the Amount thereof 111 all be of the Value ot One hundred Pounds, and upwards, a Stamp Duty of Twenty Shillings, be charged thereon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there shall be raised, levied, and paid, by all and every Person and Persons dealing in, or vending. Coffee,

Tea, and Chocolate, or either of them, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for a Licence to be taken out by each and every such Person or Persons, Annually, the Sum of Five Shillings.

The laid llesolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamps Mr. Cornwall, the Lord Wefcote, the Lord Palmerfion, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Rob inf on, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Ojcler of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Ex-u chequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act <c for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or 9 E ft. Exchequer

Weobley

Writ.

Ways and Means

Duties on fot Ashes, See.

Returns

from the Exchequer,

75°

" Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raile the Sum of One Million, for the Uses " and Purposes therein mentioned," and to whom the same were issued, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 4th Day ok April next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Rejuived, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 5th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of IVeobley, in the County of

Hereford, in the room of the Right honourable Sir William Lynch, Knight of the most honourable Order of the

Bath, who, finee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, , and

nenham, in the County of Buckingham.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-. night, the 5th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, the 4th day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties payable upon Pot and Pearl Arties imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, for a Time to be limited.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Seven-night, the 4th Day of April next. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Martts, 40 dtt Aprilis%

Anno 20* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1780. Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Wood, from the King’s Remembrancer’s Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " The Return of Felton Lionel " Hervey, Esquire, His Majesty’s Remembrancer in the " Court of Exchequr at Westminster, in pursuance of " an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated " the 2d March 1780And also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Certificate, or Return, of " the Two Secondaries, and Eight Sworn Clerks, of the " King’s Remembrancer’s Office, of His Exchequer, to

1780*

the honourable the House of Commons, pursuant to their Order, dated the 2d Day of March 1 780."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved among!! the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Naif/, from the Office foF Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Accounts: Land Tax in Scotland for the last Ten Years, for which ^lrul the Receiver General has cleared his Accounts in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland: And also,

An Account of all Monies actually received by the several Receivers General of the Land Tax, and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Servants, for the Service of, and raised upon the Public in, the Year ended at Lady Day 1779; and an exact State of the Fees and Perquisites attending the Receipt of the lame; as also the Fees a&ually paid at this Office on Appointment to Offices, specitying the Names of the Persons for whole Benefit the same were received; also an Account of the Salaries of such Officers, with an Explanation of the Nature of the Service or Duty performed by each.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Tire House being informed that Mr. Townjhsnd, from the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Return to the Order of the House of Commons, Return bearing Date on the Second of March 1780, from the fromti!e Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer. Exchequer. And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The laid Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from Account*;

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Dcor; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the several Species of Corn or Grain Com and which have been warehoused since the last Return; viz. Grai°* the 26th November 1776: specifying the Ports, Times, and Quantities, of each Species l'o warehoused; as also the Ports, Times, and Quantities, of each Species taken out of such Warehouses, and whether taken out for Home Market, or for Exportation, and to what Countries exported: And also,

A-n Account of all Cotton Wool, imported Annually Cotton WW. into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Chrifmas 17 77 to Chr if mas 1779; distinguishing the Foreign from the Growth of the BrColonies, and the respective Quantities in each Year from the several Colonies and Countries: And allb,

An Account of the Number of Gallons of Brandy im- Bnndj. ported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Chrifmas 1775 to Ghrifmas 1779; distinguishing each Year: And allb,

An Account of the Number of Gallons of Rum im- Rutn. ported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Chrifmas 1773 to Chrifmas 1779; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Wines imported wine*.

into

12° Martii — 40

c*

€i

20 Geo. III. 40 Ap. 751

into England, from Chr 1764 to 1777,

inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and each Sort of Wine to imported: And also,

Coal*. An Account of the Quantities of Coals exported

from England to Foreign Parts in the Five last Years, with the Amount of the last Duty laid upon the Exporta-. tiou thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do he upon the Tabic, to be pc ruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from the (Jovernor and Company of the Bank of England, at-teiuled at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, piclented to the House, puri'uaift to their Order,

Subscribers to A Lift of Subscribers to the Loan of Twelve Millions,

V1' ^0,w "r made ir\ this Session of Parliament.

C.n.oooo.cco . .

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be jrcrufed by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Wile tnd foor.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Mile End Ne wTown, in the County of

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the \rotes, that Application is making for a Bill for paving and regulating the Streets, and other Places, within the said Hamlet; and alleging, That the public Highways of the said Parish, are of very small Extent, and the making of a separate Rate for the Repair thereof is attended with many Inconveniencies, and subjects the Inhabitants to a considerable unnecessary Expence: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill to prayed for, to consolidate the Highway Rate with the Rates to be established by that Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Rolls A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seven-tilate. teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Twelfth Year " of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, " The Matter of the Rolls impowered to make Leases " for Years, in order to new'-build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls, and for the better regulating " the Method of granting Leaks of the said Rolls Estate " for the future; and for making Compensation to the " Earl of Macclesfield and Sir Tliomcu Sewell for their " beneficial Rights and Interests in certain Leases made " of the Rolls Estate, and for regulating the Method of " making Leases of the said Estate lor the future," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord, ]\lr. Ambler, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, ac Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Loo* of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Road®‘ present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening several Roads leading from the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening several Roads leading from the Town of " Louth, in the County of Lincoln-"

Ordered, That Sir John Tlmolddo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Mold, &-e. much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year or a s* the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Mold " to the Town of Denbigh, and from thence to Tal-y " Cafnand Conway, and from the Town of Wrexham to " the downs of Ruthin and Denbigh, and the Town and " Port of Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint,

" and Carnarvon," as relates to the Road from Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin and Denbigh, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Mr. Ewer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " A Return to the Order of the Return of " House of Commons, of 2d March 1780, so lar as " relates to the War Office; being an exact State of XCIII " the Fees and Perquisites paid at the War Office upon " the I floe and Expenditure of Money for the Service " of the Public, in the Year ended at Michaelmas 1778;

" specifying the Names of the Persons for whose Benefit they were received; also, an Account of the " Salaries of the said Persons, and an Explanation of " the Nature of the Service or Duty performed by " them."

Mr. Secretary at War allb presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the New Levies, from Estimates of the respective Times within mentioned to the 24th New Levies. December 1779, inclusive; together with an Account of certain Sums already voted for these Corps, which may now be applied in Aid of the said Charge: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Additional Companies and Militia Additional to the Embodied Militia in South Britain, Estimate. including Cloathing, for the Year 1780.

And the Titles of the said Paper and Estimates were read.

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papeis of this Session; and the said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

VOL. 37.

ESTIMATE

75 2

4° Apr ills 178ox

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the NEW LEVIES; from the respective Times under-mentioned

the 24th 'December 1779, indufive.

LIGHT DRAGOONS.

Major Lifter's Corps, from 4th September 1779, to 24th December following, both indufive, being 112 Days -

Lieut. Colonel Holroyd's D®, from 14th December to D®,

11 Days -

FOOT.

Four additional Companies to Lord s Regiment,

from 18th Atiguft 1779 to D°, being 129 Days Earl of Harringtons Regiment, from 30th August 1779

to D% being 117 Days -Colonel St. Leper'% D°, from 20th September 1770 to D°, being 86 Days - -

Lord Viscount Chewton's D*, from 4th 1779 to

D°, 82 Days -

Sir 'Thomas Egerlon's Corps, from 5th 1779 to

D°, 81 Days -

Colonel Keating'% Regiment, from iath 1779 to

D°, 74 Days -

Lieutenant Colonel Cary's D*, from 18th 1779

to D°, 68 Days -

Earl Fauconberg's, from 18th November 1779 to D°,

being 37 Days -

Colonel Tottenham's, from 25th November 1779 to D®,

being 30 Day’s -

Colonel Ackland's, from ifl December 1779 to D°, being

24 Days -

levy Money for 432 Men of Lord M'LeocTs Regiment, at jf.3 each -

Allowance for 321 Men of the Corps for the Iftc of Man, at £. 1. 1. each -

Towards which may be applied the following Savings on the Pay voted for the Year 1780.

For Lieutenant Colonel SteiRegiment of Foot, for 2 Days, from 25th to 26th December 1779, both indufive -

By D®, for Colonel M'Carmick's, for 13 Days, from 25th December 1779 to 6th January 1780; both inclusive ——

By D®, for Colonel Dundas's Regiment, for 68 Days, from D® to ifl March 1780, both indufive -By D®, for Lieutenant Colonel Whyte's Regiment, for 91 Days, from D® to 24th March 1780, both indufive -

By D®y for Lieutenant Colonel North's, for the same Time -By D®, for Colonel Reid’s, for D® -By D°, for Colonel Stanton's, for D® -

By D®, for the 2J Battalion to Lord John Murray’s Regiment, for the same Time -

Remains to be provided for by Parliament

Numbers.

1207

275

464

827

827

827

496

827

827

827

827

827

482

7>576

8,058

8,058

Charge.

2,894 14 8

379 17 4

2,790 14 —

4,907 3 6

3>645 13 8

3*439 4 4

2,058 15 —

3>I36 19 8

2,852 — 8

1,568 9 xo-

1,268 15 — . 1,017 8 —

83 17 8

551 1 10.

2,882 12 8

3,816 13 10

1,873 16 10

3.857 12 10

3.857 12 to

3,793 18 10

Total.

3,274 12 —

26,685 3 8

1,296----

331 1 —

31,592 16 8

20,717 7 +

10,875 9 A

War Office, 4th April, 1780.

estim^te

ao Geo. III.

753

4° jiprilif.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Additional Companies and Additionais to the Embodied MILITIA

in South Britain* including Cloathing; for the Year 1780.

# Numbers. Charge. Total.

The Charge (or 366 Days, including Cloathing, for One Additional Company to the East Devon Regiment of Militia, from 25th December 1779 to 24th December 17 80, both inclufrve - 71 1,19 fit 10

Essex West D* ---- 71 1,191 11 to

Pembroke D* 71 1,209 *7 10

Surrey D* ---- 89 1,417 1 6

York, East Riding, D° - -- --Carmarthen D®, for 317 Days, from 12th February 1780 to 24th December following, both inclusive - 68 1,156 if 7

I1 1,056 8 8

York East Riding L)% including the Charge of the Pay of a Colonel, at 14 s. per Diem, added to the said Regiment, for 325 Day:, from 4th February 1780 to 24th December following, both inclusive - . - - - 68 1,274 I 3

Northampton D®, for 259 Days, from ill March 1780 toD®, both inclusive ----- 72 1,016 15 7

Gloucester North D®, for 292 Days, from 8th March 1780 to 24th December following ----- 68 . 95* — 3

Charge of a Lieut. Colonel added to the South Hants Regiment, for 366 Days, for the Year 1780, at J s. per Diem d m 128 2 —

Caernarvon, One Additional Company, for 272 Days, from 28th March 1780 to 24th December following * *9 1,112 7 2

To make good the Deficiency on the Payof Additional Companies and Additionais for the Year 1779, for the following Corps: Pembroke Additional Company, for 86 Days 73* m 241 10 4 11,712 9 6

York East Riding D®, for 66 Days - Devon East D®, for 14 Days ---- - 177 2 —

38 12 4

South Hants, being the Charge of a Lieut. Colonel, at 7 s. per Diem, for 33 Days ---- II 11

.Total + "> r - - - c 468 15 8 12,181 5 2 *

War Office, 4th 1780.

C. Jtnkinf

Sttppijr.

Ordered, That the said Paper and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read j and are as follow* eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Mil-" lion, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," VOL. 37.

and charged upon the first Aids to be granted iti this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, " by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy- nine," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million Nine hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for 9 F " the

754

" thei Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

The said liesolutions being f'everally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Supply Bill: Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according

Duties on to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty several Wines, &c. additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar irhported into this Kingdom, and upon Coals exported to Foreign Parts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply Bill- Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Duties on Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty several ad-Advertise- ditional Duties on Advertisements, and certain Duties meats. on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate, divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Account: Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Grants UOn°* ACCOunt shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1779 have been disposed of, distinguished under their several Heads.

Account: Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Money issued His Majesty, That He will, be graciously pleased to on Addre es. give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addrtfles to this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Account: Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Maintenance Account of the Monies paid to Duncan , Esquire,

o onvu s. for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Duties on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Pot Ashes, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

&c* upon the Bill for repealing the Duties payable upon Pot-

and Pearl Ashes imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ickenham The other Order of the Day being read, for the

Inclosure. Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing

the Open Common Fields, and Commonable Lands,

Aprilis.

A. 1780.

within the Parish of Ickenham, in the County of

dlesex;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of John Crojier, of the Parish of Ickenham, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Joseph Brown, of Ho/fden Grfen, in the Parish of IVilfden, in the County of Middlesex, Yeoman; were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petitions; and went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill was also heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Salt, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s' Chamber.

T'he House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Return by the Commissioners Rfturnfrw " of Excise, as far as relates to the Revenue under their the Commit ,l Management, to the Order of the honourable House fjoners of " of Commons, dated 2d March 17S0." £*cifc'

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved.amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow-Morning, Ten of the Clock.

’ Mercurii 50 die

Anno 20* Georgii IIP" Regis^, 1780.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Hug/fon, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and ]yjainte.nl‘n(t employing, Convidls, on the River Thames, and which of Con?*, have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To

Accounts from the Comptroller of the Army.

Account: Band of Gentlemen Pensioners.

Accounts of the Pay-m afters General.

20 Geo. III.

5° April

755

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burge Acs, in Parliament assembled.

An A CCO'U NT of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbe ’, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintainingi and employing, Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

THE Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Fourteen thousand Three hundred and Forty-eight Pounds Two Shillings and Nine Pence.

Exchequer, the 5th Day of April 1780.

John Hugh Jon.

- -

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Fauquier, Secretary to the Comptroller- of Army Accounts, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A particular Account of the Pay of the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, their Secretary and Clerks, &c. for One Year, ending at Michaelmas 1778: And also,

A particular Aecouht of the New Year’s Gifts paid to the Secretary and Clerks, &c. by the several Contractors for furnithing Provisions, on their Contracts* from Michaelmas 1777 to Michaelmas 1778, at the Office of the Comptrollers of Army Accounts: And also.

An Account of Fees received for Alignments of Off-reckonings, or Cloathing Money, certified by the Cloathing Board of General Officers held at the Office of the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, for One Year, ending at Michaelmas 1778.

And then he withdrew'.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Cade, Pay-master of the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners, attended at the Door; he u'as called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Salaries, with the several Deductions, of the Officers and Gentlemen of the honourable Band of Gentlemen Pensioners, from Michaelmas 1777 to Michaelmas 1778.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Bray, from the Auditor’s Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " The Amount of the Receipt " and Payments entered in the Book of Account of the " Right honourable Charles Townshend late Paymaster " General of the Forces, from 25th June 1765 10 24*h " December following, as delivered into Auditor s

" OfficeAnd also.

Vet. 37.

A Paper, intituled, " The Amount of the Receipt " and Payments entered in the Book of Account of the " Right honourable Lord North, and George Cooke,

" Esquire, late Paymaster General of the Forces, from " 25th June to 24th December 17C 6, as delivered into " Auditor Aijlabie's OfficeAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Amount of the Payments entered in the Book of Account of George Cooke,

" and the Right honourable Thomas Townshend, late " Paymaster General of the Forces, for Half a Year, to " 24th of June 1768, as delivered into Auditor 5

« Office."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers tvere read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Lloyd, from the Auditor’s Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " The Amount of the Payments Accounts " entered in the Book of Account of the Right honour- of the Payable Charles Townshend, late Paymaster General of allers|

" His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, &c. from ener " the 25th of December 1765 to the 24th of June 1766;

" delivered into Lord Sondes Office, One of the Auditors " of the Imprefts:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Amount of the Receipts " and Payments entered in the Book of Account of " the Right honourable Lord North, and George Cooke,

" Esquire, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s " Land Forces, for One Year, from the 25th of December 1766 to the 24th of December 1767; delivered into Lord Sondes Office, One of the Auditors " of the Imprefts."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Com- Hilton Tn-mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, dofure. Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Hilton, in the Parish of Marston upon Dove, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Walpole, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition

Gulden

Indofurre*

Ditto*

Answer to Address for Account.

Account: Purchase of Portugal Coin.

75 6 s6 Aprilis1780.

A Petition of Anthony Horrex Gentleman, and other

Persons having Estates in the Parish of in

the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Fen Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of , in the County of Norfolk; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill pafies into a Law, it must be very injurious to them, as it will lessen the Value of their Estates in the said Parish 1 the Allotments, stipulated by the said Bill to bd made to the several Owners of Messuages and Tofts, having Rights of Common in lieu thereof, being very inadequate to such Rights, the Right of cutting and taking Firing only, being of a much greater Yearly Value than the Yearly Value of the Land proposed to be allotted for the fame; and that the Petitioners are fearful, that the numerous Poor of the Parish of , will become a

heavy Burthen upon the said Parish, as they must, in case the same is divided and inclosed, be deprived of keeping Fowls, cutfing Firibg, Sedge, and Rulhts, by which they at all Times, when riot employed by the Farmers, can support themselves and Families; and that many of the Petitioners are unable to bear the Expence of dividing arid inclosing the said Parish: and apprehend, that Francis John Tyson, Esquire, and others. Petitioners for the said Bill, are not possessed of sufficient Property in the said Parish of Foulden to have the same passed into a Law, without the Concurrence of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Anthony Horrex, Gentlemen, on Behalf of himself arid other Persons having Estates in the Parish of Foulden, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, arid read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner and others have, by Petition to the House, prayed, that the Bill, now depending, for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Fen Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the said Parish of Foitldeit, miy riot be passed into a Law: And therefore praying. That he and the othfer Persons who have signed the Petition above-mentioned, may be heard by Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do life tlpoh the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner bfe then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, put-suant to their Orders,

A Book, intituled, " A Lift of all Bilk of Exchange " that have been drawn from North America upon " Messieurs Harley and' Drummfor the Use of His Majesty’s Forces there, froth the 29th of November " 1770 to the 2d of February 1780, inclusive; Ipecitying the Dates, Drawers Names, Time of Pay-4

ment, in Favour of whom, with the Exchanges at " which the same were drawn And also.

An Account of all Monies received by Messieurs Harley and Drummond, from the 29th Day of Novem-

ber 1770 to the 21 ft Day of March 1780, inclusive, to be invested in the Purchase of and Portugal

Coins, to be remitted for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North America; shewing what Part thereof has been remitted in Specie, and what drawn in Bills of Exchange, with all Charges attending the fame:

And also,

A particular Account of all Profits and Advantages arising by or upon all Monies issued, to be invested in the Purchase of Spanish and Portugal Coins, to be remitted for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North America, from the 20th Day of December 1779 to the 7 th Day of February 1780, inclusive, as for as the same can be made up: And allb,

A particular Account of all Allowances made to the Clerks or Agents of the Persons employed for providing sufficient Quantities of Money, for the Subsistence of His Majesty’s Forces in North America, from the 20th Day of December 1770 to the 7th day of February 1780, inclusive.

And the Titles of the said Book and Accounts were fead.

Ordered, That the said Book and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Book and Accounts are preferred amongst-the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Brett, according to Order, reported from the Duties on Committee of the whole House, to whom the 13.11 for Pot A&ev repealing the Duties payable upon Pot and Pearl Allies imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, for a Time to be limited, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directcdhim to report to the House , and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments Were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iftgrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Godin* to enable James Bigot, Esquire, ah Infant, lately called Naaw. James Godin, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and all other Persons who shall become entitled to the Estate late of Peter Bigot, Esquire, deceased, under the Limitations contained in his Will, to take and use the Surname of Bigot, pursuant to his said Will, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Eiver,

Mr. Elwes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Mile End several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Poor, being Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Mile End Nezv Tozvn, in the County of Middlesex, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie Upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cdnsideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof , and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, See.: And they ave to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

1

1

t

lo Geo. III.

er’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Account An Account of the several Articles which make up

Ordnance the Sum of£. 52,718, charged in the Estimate of the Office. Office of Ordnance, for Hire of Horses, Drivers, and Condu&ors, attending Battalion Guns and Trains of Artillery; spe'cifying thte Number of Horses, Drivers, and Conductors, kept in constant Readiness and Pay; and the Places to which these Guns arid Trains were sent, and the Dates of the Times.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is pteferved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Expenditure A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Frec-Mone>*'C holders, of the County of Denbigh, whose Names are thereunderwritten, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth: We think it our Duty as Britons, and in Compliance with the general Sense of the whole Kingdom, to petition the honourable House of Commons, to enquire with all Diligence and Fidelity into the Disposal of those enormous Sums which, in virtue of the Trulls reposed in them by the People, they have lately granted, or shall grr.nt in future, to Government: The universal Calamines, which not only affect the Public, but find their Way into esrery private Family, even at this Distance from the Seat of Government, are a Proof how little we are able to support the Weight of Ministerial Profusion, which every Year grows heavier, and is more severely felt: We therefore moll llrongly make it our Request and Petition to this honourable House, as to the upright Reptefentatives of their Fellow Citizens, to abolish all Sinecures, to retrench all unmerited Pensions, to link all unnecessary Places, and to reduce all exorbitant Salaries and Perquisites, that, in our State of National Poverty, what is left of, the Public Revenue, may be frugally managed. We own, too, we have a Motive in this Petition, beyond the Views of CEconomy; we wish to lessen, by all possible Means, those Funds of Corruption, which good Mi-nifters never want, and which only make bad Men more worthless and dangerous: We wish that our Represen-tativ’es may secure to themselves the Confidence of the People, by having no interest separate from theirs; and we flatter ourselves, that our Petition has a just Title to the Approbation of this honourable House, since, by granting it, they will vindicate their own Integrity, and qualify themselves for those great disinterested Views and Measures which may possibly become necessary to lave our Country.

faitto. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders

of the County of Cumberland, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That this Nation hath been engaged for several Years in a most expensive and . unfortunate War; that many of our valuable Colonies,

having actually declared themselves independent, have formed a ftriift Confederacy with France and Spain, the dangerous and inveterate Enemies of Great Britain; that the Consequence of these combined Misfortunes hath been a large Addition to the National Debt, a heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of the Trade, Manufactures, and Land Rents of the Kingdom: Alarmed at thediminished Resources and growing Burthens of this Country, and convinced, that rigid Frugality is now indispensably necessary in every Department of the State, your Petitioners observe, with Grief, that, notwithstanding the Calamities, and impoverished Condition of the Nation, much Public Money has been improvidently squandered, and that many Individuals enjoy sinecure Places, efficient Places VoL. 37.

with exorbitant Emoluments, and Pensions unmerited by Public Service, to a large and Hill increasing Amount: Your Petitioners, therefore, appealing to the Justice of this honourable House, do most earnestly request, That foeedy and effectual Measures may be taken by this House, to enquire into and correct the gross Abuses in the Expenditure of Public Money, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments, to refeind and abo-liiffi all sinecure Places and unmerited Pensions, and to appropriate the Produce to the Necessities of the State, in such Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Nobility, Gentry, Clergy, and Expenditure Freeholders, of the County of Buckingham, was also of Public presented to the House, and read ;. Setting forth. That this Nation hath been engaged for several Years in a most expensive and unfortunate War; that many of our valuable Colonies, having actually declared themselves independent, have formed a Uriel Confederacy with France and Spain, the dangerous and inveterate Enemies of Great Britain; that the Consequence of these combined Misfortunes hath been a large Addition to the National Debt, a heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of the Trade, Manufactures, and Land Rents, of the Kingdom: Alarmed at the diminished Resources and growing Burthens of this Country, and convinced that rigid Frugality is now indispensably necessary in every Department of the State, your Petitioners observe, with Grief, that, notwithstanding the calamitous and impoverished Condition of the Nation, much Public Money has been improvidently squandered, and that many Individuals enjoy sinecure Places, efficient Places with exorbitant Emoluments, and Pensions unmerited by Public Service,: to a large and still increasing Amount, whence the Crown has acquired a great and Influence, which, if not checked, may soon prove fatal to the Liberties of this Country: Your Petitioners, conceiving that the true End of every legitimate Government is not the Emolument of any Individual, but the Welfare of the Community, and considering that by the Constitution of this Realm, the National Purle is intruded, in a peculiar Manner, to the Custody of this honourable House, beg Leave further to represent, that, until effectual Measures be taken to redress the oppressive Grievances herein dated, the Grant of any additional Sum of Public Money, beyond the Produce of the present Taxes, will be injurious to the Rights and Property of the People, and derogatory from the Honour and Dignity of Parliament: Your Petitioners, therefore, appealing to the Justice of this honourable House, do most earnestly request. That, before any new Burthens are laid upon this Country, effectual Measures may be taken by this House, to enquire into and correct the gross Abuses in the Expenditure of Public Money, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments, to refeind and abolish all sinecure Places and unmerited Pensions, and to appropriate the Produce to the Necessities of the State, in such Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of York:, and several other Petitions, are referred.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro- p„biic posed, That the several Public Accountants do forth- Accountants, with lay before this House, an Account of what Balances of Public Money are now in their Hands, that this House may consider what Sums it may be proper to leave in the Hands of each Accountant respectively, for carrying on the Services to which the same is or may be applicable, and what Sums may be

9 G taken

Smith’s Bequest to the Poor of Lincoln.

Commissioners of Public Accounts.

Supply.

75?

6° Apri

A. 1780.

taken out of their Hands, to be disposed of by Parliament for the Public Service.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting absolutely One-third Part of Three Crofts of Land, and the Erections and Buildings thereon, with the Appurtenances, in the Parish of Layton, other-wile Lozv Layton, in the County of (deviled by the Will of Join Smith, deceased, for the Benefit of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint and

Peter in EaJlgate, in the City of Lincoln) in Trustees,

to be sold to Samuel Bosanquet, Esquire; and for laying out the Money thereby arising, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled and allured for the Benefit of the Poor aforesaid, pursuant to the Directions of the said Will, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, fake, and Irate, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service; and what Defects there are in the pretent Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for, Public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

intituled, "An Act to amend and render more " eflfedual, the Laws relating to the raising and train-" ing the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain " called England; and to establish certain Regulations " with relped to Officers serving in the Corps of Fencible Men, directed to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other Corps therein.

" mentioned;" might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Copy of the Letter of Service to George AuguJluNorth, Esquire, 23d

July 1779, which was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of January last, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Rdolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr, Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Commitee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That tin’s House will, upon Friday Mom- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole M«ns. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Houte to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty 5

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of ChclfeaHofp for the Year 1780, be

referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of the New Roads of Communication and building of Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1780, pursuant to the Order of Lieutenant General Sir Adolphus Ougkton, commanding His Majesty’s Forces in North

Britain, be referred to the said Commiteee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half-Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Estimate of the Charge of Additional new Levies, to be raised for the Year 1780, for the respective Times within mentioned, be referred to the said Committee;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

yovisy ()° die;

An no 200 Georgii III'" Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been Account: issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to the Addresses Money of this House, and which have not been made good by i/ru(;d °J}

rt i- O / AriAr+fo*

rarliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth; viz.

759

Imprison-ment of Debtor’s by Small Debt Courts.

20 GKO, III.

6° Aprilis-

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Ati ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to the Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To John Half ell, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, towards defraying the Expences of Printing the Journals of the House of Commons -

To Timothy Cunningham, Esquire, for his Pains and Trouble in compiling a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons -

To Hemy Hughs, Gent, to defray the Expence of printing 1,500 Copies of the General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons -

To the African Committee, towards the Expence of maintaining, repairing, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa -

£. s. d. 700 — —

500 — —

1,500-----

13,000-----

15,700 — —

Exchequer, the 6th Day of April 1780.

John H

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Tradesmcn and Manufacturers reading in the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Ruxley, and Little and in the County of Kent, and of the Hundred of Wallington, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Court established by the Acts of the Fifth and Sixth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the said Hundreds, has been of great Utility to Artificers and Labourers, as well as to the Tradelincn and Manufacturers residing within the said Difhifts, the former being protected from the excessive Expences to which they were subject by Suits for Small Debts in the Superior Courts, and the Danger of perpetual Imprisonment for the fame, and the latter relieved from the many Lodes they formerly sustained for Want of an adequate Remedy for the Recovery of fuel) Debts; and taking Notice of the Bill to exempt from Imprisonment the Bodies of Defendants, liable to be im-prisoned by Precepts, or other Process, ilfuing out of Courts erected by Acts of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts; and alledging, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend the intended good Purposes of the said Court will be, in great Measur, prevented from taking Effect, by real'on the Creditor will be without a Remedy where no Goods belonging to the Debtor can be found, which is most frequently the Cafe, and where any are found they are claimed by the Landlord, or, if taken away by either of such Means, the unhappy Defendant and Family are frequently left without a Bed, whereas the Terror of a Gaol being held out to them, they most commonly submit to the Direction of the Court to pay their Debts by Instalments, which are always proportioned by the Court to the Debtor’s Civeum-stances and weekly Earnings, which Indulgence enables the Sober and Industrious Poor to avoid an Execution, and those who are willing, and by their Industry endeavour 10 maintain their Familes, and pay their Debts, are neither subjad to Imprisonment, or any other Hard-ship under the Process of the said Courts; and that the Poorer Sort of People cannot always support themselves VOL. 37.

and Families without the Assistance of a small weekly Credit, particularly in Cafes of Sickness or Want of Employment: And therefore praying, That the said Bill, for exempting the Bodies of Defendants from being taken in Execution, upon Process issuing out of the Court of Requests, may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, to whom the M;le Ert(£

Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are there- Poor, unto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Mile End New Town, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr;

Thomas Phillips being examined, said, That the Highways within the said Hamlet are so inconsiderable, that it is very inconvenient to the Occupiers of Estates there to have a separate Rate made for repairing the m.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Hamlet of Mile End New Town, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Open Passages and Places within the said Hamlet, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for consolidating the Rates for repairing the Highways within the said Hamlet with the Hates to be established by the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties payable Duties on upon Pot and Pearl Allies imported into Britain, Pot Ashes, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, lor a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Pot and Pearl Allies, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported

into

7<$o 6° A. 1780.

into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu Sir Grey Cooper also presented to the House, by His thereof, for a limited Time. Majesty’s Command,

Ordered, That Mr. Brett do carry the Bill to the Lords, An Account of the Monies issued at the Exchequer, and desire their Concurrence. out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied and paid for the Relief Oldfwinford A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons, and Benefit of sundry Civil Officers, and others,

nclolur*. and Waste Lands in the Parish of Oldfwinford, in the who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to County of Worcester, was read a Second Time. His Majesty’s Government, between the 28th of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rous, bruary 1779 and the 29th of February vj9q.

Mr. Foley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, And the Titles of the said Paper and Account were at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. read.

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Account- as followeth; viz.

Subsistence Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to of the Forces their Order,

m menca. Paper, intituled, " Treasury Minutes since the 31 ft May 1777, reljoecting the providing sufficient Quantities of Money for the Subsistence of His Majesty’s " Forces in North Americ."

An ACCOUNT of the Monies issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied and paid for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government.

To Mibward Rozue, Esquire, between the 28th Day of February 17792nd the 2Qth Dav of} ,

February 17S0 -.....- - - - .} £ 57.910 12-

Ordered, That the said Paper and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Expenditure A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free-of. holders, of the County of Brecknock, whose Names are Money thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That your Petitioners considering the very great Sums of Public Money lavished in a truly unfortunate and unsuccessful War, sensibly affected themselves by the heavy and accumulated Taxes already laid upon the Subjects of this Kingdom (now grievously felt by the Decline of Trade, Fall of Rents, and Scarcity of Money) and alarmed at the Idea that others may be shortly imposed, humbly request this honourable House to turn its most serious Attention to the diminished Resources and growing Burthens of these Kingdoms, by setting on Foot a Parliamentary Enquiry, whether (in thel'e Times of general Distress) a very large Sum may not be annually saved by abolishing many useless Places and Sinecures, the Disposal whereof (as we apprehend) not only occasions great Waste of Public Treasure, but also gives an unconstitutional Influence to the Ministers of the Crown throughout the Kingdom; and whether the Salaries of efficient Places, many of which are enormously great, and far exceeding an adequate Compensation for the Services performed, may not be beneficially reduced: Your Petitioners humbly conceive, that the Intcrposition of this honourable House in these Points, and its diligent Attention to a just and (Economical Expenditure of the Publie Revenue by Persons intrusted with it, will be productive of National Good, and, by properly combining and directing its Resources, enable this Country to prevail over its most powerful Enemies: They, therefore, thus humbly address themselves to this honourable House, with the most solemn Assurance that they are in no Degree actuated by a Spirit of Party, but by the clearest Con-3

viction of their Minds, that the present Situation of Affairs requires the Attention of every Man, and his honest and speedy Exertion of all possible Means to promote the Public Weal.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having AMembtr taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Dedara- takes Oak tion, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

A Petition of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy, Expenditure Freeholders, and Land Owners, of the County of Northumberland, was also presented to the House, and read; "

Setting forth. That your Petitioners considering the vast Sums of Money which have been expended, as well as the great Increase of the National Debt, occasioned by the present most unfortunate War, and being sensibly affected by the heavy Load of Taxes already laid on the Subjects of this Kingdom, and apprehensive that others must soon be imposed, humbly request this honourable House seriously to turn their Attention to the diminiffied Resources and growing Burthens of this Country: Your Petitioners conceive, that, in this Time of National Distress, it will be necessary, as much as possible, to alleviate the Public Burthens, by abolishing sinecure and useless Places, and reducing the exorbitant Salaries and Perquisites annexed to others, the Disposal of which not only occasions a great Waste of Public Treasure, but gives an unconstitutional Power to the Ministers of the Crown: Your Petitioners humbly conceive, that the Interposition of this honourable House in these Points, and a diligent Annual Examination into the Expenditure of the Public Money, must be productive of great National Good, and enable this Country, by properly directing and combining its Resources, to prevail over its most powerful Enemies: They esteem it their Duty, therefore, to address this honourable House, hoping, that the reasonable Request of this Petition will be taken into their most serious Consideration.

A Petition of several of the Noblemen, Gentlemen,

Clergy,

Expenditure

of

Public Money*

Ditto.

20 Geo. III.

6° Jprills.

r

Clergy, Freeholders, and Landholders, of the County of Hereford, was all'o presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That this Nation hath been engaged for several Years in a moll expensive and unfortunate Contest with many of her Colonies; and that France and Spain, the dangerous and inveterate Enemies of Great Britain, have taken Advantage of these Circumstances, and proceeded to unjust and unprovoked Hostilities; and that the Consequences of these combined Misfortunes have been a large Addition to the National Debt, a heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of Trade, ind an uncommon Scarcity of Money in the Kingdom: Alarmed at the diminished Rcfourccs and growing Burthens of this Country, and convinced that rigid Frugality is now indispensably necessary in every Department of the State, your Petitioners apprehend, that much Public Money has been improvidently l'quandered, and that many Individuals enjoy useless Places and Sinecures, with exorbitant Emoluments, and Pensions unmerited by Public Service, to a large and still increasing Amount, whence the Crown hath acquired a great and unconstitutional Influence, which, if not checked, may prove fatal to the Liberties of this Country: Your Petitioners therefore, appealing to your Justice, do most carncftiy request. That you will take such Measures as will tend effectually to enquire into and correct the gross Abuses in the Expenditure of the Public Money, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments, to refeind and abolish all useless Places, Sinecures, and unmerited Pensions, and appropriate the Produce thereof to the Necessitics of the State, in such Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall Item meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Derby, was also presented to the House, and read; Setring forth, That the many Burthens under which your Petitioners and the Kingdom in general now labour, would be less grievous were they not attended with the mortifying Reflection that the Grants of Parliament are shamefully misapplied, and have been enormously increased by extravagant and unmerited Pensions, Sinecures, and inefficient Places, which serve to no Purpose but to lessen the llespect and Independence of Parliament, and to deprive Government, in a considerable Degree, of the Powers of carrying on tire War against our natural Enemies with the necessary Vigour: The Decrease of our Commerce, the Fall of Rents, the Distress of our Manufacturers, are Evils which every Individual must feel, who is not loft to all Sense of his own Situation, and to all Feeling of the common Calamity; and these Evils, we apprehend, can only be remedied by a careful Attention to the Public Treasure: Your Petitioners, therefore, appealing to the Justice of this honourable House, do most earnestly request (both for the Relief of the Subject, and the Security of the Constitution) That such Measures may be taken, that the Supplies granted by Parliament may be faithfully applied to the National Advantage, and to such Purposes only for which they were granted; that such Regulations may take place as shall bring the Public Expenditures, and all unreasonable Contracts, to a fipeedy and Uriel Account; and that an effectual Plan may be adopted, for the Reduction of all exorbitant Emoluments, and the Abolition of all sinecure Places, and unmerited Pensions; that the present and alt future' Ministers may, by such Means, be deprived of tlje Power of improper Influence, fatally detrimental to the Interests of the People.

A Petition of the Nobility, Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, Land Owners, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Nottingham, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That this Nation hath been engaged for several Years in a most expensive War, the Consequence of which hath been a very large Addition to the National Debt, a Decline of Trade, a-rapid and distressful Decrease in the Value of the Landed Pra-

Vol. 37.

Public Money.

pertv of this Kingdom, and a grievous Accumulation of Taxes, by which your Petitioners feel themselves very heavily oppressed: It appears to your Petitioners particularly unreasonable, that the very Circumstances which occasion the great National Inconvenience and Distress, thou Id be the Means of inordinate Affluence to several of their Fellow Subjects: A Reduction of the Public Expences has, by all Orders of the Community, been long thought a proper Expedient; your Petitioners are now convinced that it is a necessary one, and that a Reformation in the Public Expenditure, and an ceco-iiomical Management of the Revenues of the State, will greatly promote an Extinction of Discontent among His Majesty’s Subjects, and inspire the Community with that Unanimity so necessary to a vigorous Exertion of its Force against its powerful and combined Enemies, and to the restoring of it to its late Prosperity: Your Petitioners, therefore, appealing to the Justice of this honourable House, and considering the Members thereof as their. Constitutional Guardians, do most earnestly request, they will take, and urge with Perseverance, the most effectual Means to correct all Abuses in the Expenditure of the Public Money, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments of Office, to refeind or abolish all. sinecure Places, and unmerited Pensions, which tend to give an unconstitutional Influence to the Ministers of the Crown, and burthen the Subject beyond what the absolute Necessities of the State require.

A Petition of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy, and fexpenditare freeholders, of the County of Kent, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That your Petitioners cannot view the expensive War in which this Country is engaged with the combined Powers of Francs and Spain, the rapid Decline of the Empire,

the great Loss of Dominion, the Decrease of English Manufactures, the Annihilation of a large Portion of the National Commerce, the alarming Magnitude of the Public Debt, the present extensive and undue Influence of the Crown, tire enormous Load of burthensome Taxes Yearly increasing, the diminished Resources of the Nation, anti the depressed State of the Landed Property of this Kingdom, without calling upon this honourable House, by every Tic of Honour, Interest, and Duty, to take the most speedy and effectual Means to avert the Ruin of this lately flourishing and happy Country, by a due Exertion of those Powers which the Constitution has vetted in this honourable House: Your Petitioners, therefore, appealing to the Justice of this honourable House, do most earnestly request (both for the Relief of the Subject, and for the Safety of the Constitution) That an immediate Examination be made into the Expenditure of Public Money, into the Manner of making all Public Contracts, and into the Mode of keeping and passing all Public Accounts; that this honourable House will take into serious Consideration, what Expences can be retrenched, consistently with National Honour, Justice, and Gratitude, by the Abolition of sinecure or of unnecessary Places; also what Savings can be made by a Reformation in Respect of Pensions unmerited by Public Services, and by the Reduction of all exorbitant Emoluments; and that the Produce be appropriated to the Necessities of the State, in such Manner as to the Wifdorn of Parliament shall feera " meet.

A Petition of the Nobility, Gentry, Clergy, and Free* £,;tt0 holders of the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That this Nation, being now engaged in an expensive though just and necessary War against the united Force of France and has al-

ready incurred a- large Increase of Public Debt, which plainly points out the Importance of the utmost Fro gality iu every Department of the State; that your Petitioners, trusting in the Wisdom of Parliament, and' not doubting, but that this honourable House will use every

9 H proper.

Expenditure of Public Money.

Ditto.

6° Aprilis.

A- 1780.

pt-opes Endeavour Tor the Tntrodudion of such a System of Public CEconomy as shall appear to be for the true Ifiterest of the Nation-, presume not to dilate any particular Mode for that Purpose; that, having thus freely expressed our Sense of the Necessityof Public (Economy, we rtiuft at the same Tirine declare to this honourable House; our Aversion and Apprehension of Danger from Associations or County Committees} which must tend to Public Confusion, and are calculated to fetter that Freedom of Sentiment and Debate among the Representatives of the People idem bled in Parliament, which we look upon as the Basis of constitutional Liberty: Your Petitioners therefore pray, That the Premises may be taken into Confederation, and such Remedies applied in such Manner, and by such Methods, as this honourable House shall in its Wisdom think expedient.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Cambridge, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That your Petitioners do thus publicly profess their entire and zealous Approbation of the Legislature of this Country, as placed in the free and independent Concurrence of King, Lords, and Commons, in Preference to every other Mode of Civil Government; that they anxiously wish the Blessing of this Form of Legislation to be continued to their latest Posterity, in its constitutional Purity; that they seriously apprehend this Form of Legislation will be essentially vitiated, if not virtually changed, whenever the Treasure and Offices of the Community shall be successfully employed to bring the Representatives of the People under the Influence of the Executive Power; that they conceive a strong Tendency to this Change is at present, and has been formerly, too notorious to admit of Doubt, or to require Proof; that they consider any System of public Administration, carried on by Means of Parliamentary Corruption, however fane-tified by Time, Precedent, or Authority, to be absolutely unjustifiable on every Principle of good Sense and found Policy, to be as dishonourable to the upright Intentions of the Crown, as it is burthensome to the Property and dangerous to the Liberty of the People: Your Petitioners do therefore most solemnly apply themselves to the Wisdom, the Justice, the Integrity of this honourable House, praying, That effectual Measures may be taken by this House, to enquire into and correct any gross Abuses in the Expenditure of Public Money, to reduce ail exorbitant Emoluments of Office, to refeind and abolish all sinecure Places and unmerited Pensions, and to use all such other constitutional Means as may tend toestablish the Independency of Parliament on the most Lifting Foundation: And your Petitioners are the more earned in this their Prayer, because they are of Opinion, that no other Expedient can equally tend to heal our internal Divisions, to unite the whole Nation in the warmed Support of His Majesty’s Per Ion and Government, against the unprovoked Hostilities of the House of Bourbon, and to put a final Period to that primary Source of National Distress, the American War. j A Petition of the Nobility, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Land Owners, of the County of Suffolk, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That this Nation hath been engaged for several Years in a most expensive and unfortunate War; and that many of our valuable Colonies, having actually declared themselves independent, have formed a strict Confederacy with France and Spain, the dangerous and inveterate Enemies of- Great Britain; that the Conle-quenceof those combined Misfortunes hath been a large Addition to the National Debt, a heavy Accumulation of Taxes, and a rapid Decline of the Trade, Manufactures, and Land Rents, of the Kingdom: Alarmed at the diminished Resources and growing Burthens of this Country, and convinced that rigid Frugality is now in-dispenlably necessary in every Department of the State,

your Petitioners observe, with Grief, that, notwithstanding the calamitous and itnpoverished Condition of the Nation, much Public Money has been improvidently fqUandered, and that many Individuals enjoy tir, ecu replaces, efficient Places with exorbitant Emoluments, and Pensions unmerited by Public Service, to a Luge and still increasing Amount, whence the Crown has acquired a great and unconstitutional Influence, which, if not checked, may soon prove fatal to the Liberties of this Country: Your Petitioners conceive, that the true End of every legitimate Government is not the Emolument of any Individual, but the Welfare of the Community, and consider, that by the Constitution of this Realm, the National Purle is entrusted in a peculiar Manner to the Custody of this honourable House; They therefore appeal to your Justice, and do most earnestly request. That effectual Measures may be taken to enquire into and correct the grdfs AButes in the Expenditure of Public Money, to regulate and controul the lavish Extraordi-narics of Army, Navy, and Ordnance, to reduce all exorbitant Emoluments, to rclcind and abolish all fine-cure Places and unmerited Pensions, and to appropriate the Produce to the Necessities of the State, in such Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament Ih; il fcein meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of York, and several other Petitions, are referred.

A Petition of the Gentlemen', Traders, Manufac- fcvtw turers, and other Inhabitants of the City of Exeter, was Small Debt*, presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to exempt from Imprisonment the Bodies of Defendants, liable to be imprisoned by Precepts, or other Process, issuing out of Courts erected by Acts of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts; and Setting forth, That an Act was obtained in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; for constituting a Court of Requests within the City of Exeter-, which has been of great public Benefit and Utility; and the Petitioners conceive, that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it would in great Measure fruf-trate the good Design of the said Act, and render it ineffectual; and that the Establishment of such Courts in Places where a considerable Trade or Manufacture is carried on, has always been found beneficial, and equally lb to the Debtor as well as the Creditor, by preventing vexatious Suits, and making the Recovery of Smalt

9 O v

Debts less expensive, by which means the Trader becomes less unwilling to give that Degree of Credit to the inferior Class of People, without which they would be daily reduced to the utrnoft Distress for the common Necessaries of Life; and that the labouring People, most of whom require such Credit for their Subsistence, have no Goods upon which their Debts can be levied, and have no other Way of paying their Debts, but by Savings out of their Weekly Wages, for which Ilcafon the Orders of such Courts are constantly made for Payment by Installments, in Proportion to the Earnings of the Defendants, and the Number and Circumstances of their Families; and it seldom becomes necessary to have Recourse to actual Imprisonment to compel the Payment of the Debt, Five or Six I’erfonsonly within the City of Exeter having been impritbned since the Commentement of the said Act, although the Complaints brought before the Court, and the Orders made thereupon, have been very frequent and numerous; and that the Petitioners have found, by Experience, that the Fear of such Imprisonment has been productive of the greatest good Efiedt, by making the lower Sort of People honest in their Dealings with each-other, and by-being a strong Inducement to them to exert themselves

litized

io Geo. III. 6° Apriiis- 763

in getting sufficient by their own Labour and Industry for the Discharge of tlveir Debts, anti the Maintenance of their Families: And therefore praying. That the said Bill, brought into the House for the Purposes aforesaid, may not pal's into d Law; and that no Part of the said Act, above referred to, may be repealed or altered.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders anti Farmers, residing within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Guifie-

ley, Caherley, Bat ley, Birflail, cum

ton, Almondbwy, Kirkheaton, and Huddersfield,

and the Lcirdship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more easy and lpcedy Recovery of Small Debts within the said Parishes and Places, by establishing a Court of Requests to be held by Rotation at different Times and Places therein mentioned; and that the Commissioners apr pointed by the said Act, and which have since acted in the Execution thereof have been the Gentlemen, Clergy, and first-rate Persons within the (Hid Parishes and Places; and that by the said Act, the Commissioners have a Power of awarding Execution either against the Body or Goods of the Party against whom any Judgment shall be pronounced, and to imprisoh.till the Judgment shall be satisfied, so as the Time of Imprisonment shall not in any same exceed Three Calendar Months; and that the Act hath been found very beneficial to the populous fcommCrcial Country over which it gives Jurisdiction, the Debts already recovered by virtue thereof amounting to upwards of Nine thousand Pounds, yet no more than Forty-ieven Persons in the Whole have been imprisoned for the Time allowed by the said Aff, and those in general cither such as were able, yet obstinately refused, to pay the Debts; or such as through riotous Living rendered themselves unable

O p.

to pay, and thereby became chargeable to their own Families, instead of being the Means of their Support; and that the Petitioners observe with Concern; that Application hath been made to the House, for altering the said Act, so well calculated and executed for the Interest of so populous and commercial a Country, and which hath already proved itself so very advantageous to the Trade and Manufacturers thereof, arid, (hereby been, as it now is, thoft generally approved and efteern-ed: And therefore praying. That the said Act may be continued in its present State, and that the Bill, now depending in Parliament, for altering the lame, may riot pal's into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel against such Bill, at the Bar of (lie House, or othenvile, as to Parliament may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the 'Fable, until the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford,

Bingley, Giiifeley, Calverley, Bailey, Birflail, Mirfield,

Hartishead cum Cdifton, Almondbwy, Kirkheaton, Kirk-burtoityand Huddersfield, and the Lord Clip or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for granting other Powers for fliole Purposes, be brought in.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Prison of The King's Bench, in Behalf of themselves and all others in the like Circumstances in the several Gaols of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the> several Persons whose Names are Vol. 37.

thereunto subscribed, being Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Prison of The Marfa fa, in Behalf of themselves and all others in the like Circumstances in the several Gaols in this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were fevefally ordered to lie upon the Table.

’flic House, according to Order, resolved itself into Resolutions a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the T °nthe Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of York, and also the several other Petitions Crown, referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker leFt the Chair.

Mr. Huffey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. HuJJey reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be how received.

Mr. Huffey accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; arid afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the same were read and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is necessary to declare, that the Influence of the Crown has increased, is increasing, and ought to be diminiliicd.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is competent to this House; to examine into, and to correct, Abuses in the Expenditure of the Civil List Revenues, as well as in every other Branch of the Public Revenue, whenever it shall appear expedient to the Wifdotii of this House so to do.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is the Duty of this House, to provide, as far as may be, ari immediate and effectual Redress of the Abuses complained of in the Petitions presented to this House, from the different Counties, Cities, and Towns, of this Kingdom.

The (hid Kelblutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Hufi'ey also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

_ Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of Adjourn-the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning ment-next.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, Call of" being read; t!je House.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till Tlturfday Morning next.

A Petition of Henry Ravolinfon, of Liverpool, Agent Import of to the Merchants of Liverpool arid Llmcaster, was Goods from preferred to the House, and read; Taking Notice of 1 e evant‘ the Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within The Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in Britifnor Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited; and Setting forth. That the Petitioner apprehends, if Cotton Wool should, under the Authority of the said Bill, be permitted to be imported into Great Britain from any Place within The Levant or Mediterranean Seas, the same will b« immediately

7^4 6° — jo0 Aprilis. 1780.

diarely attended with fatal Consequences to the Navigation of this Kingdom, prove greatly injurious to the Merchant, the Planter, and every Person dependent upon, or interested in, the Trade to West India Islands, and may eventually prove destructive to the Cotton Manufactures of Great Britain: And therefore praying the

House to take the Matter into Consideration, and that he may be heard by his Counsel on Behalf of the Merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster: and that such Provision may be made in the said Bill, to declare that the same shall not extend to permit the Importation of Cotton Wool, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner he heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Import of The House was moved. That the Order made upon Cotton Wool. Wednesday the 15th Day of March last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider further of permitting the Importation of Cotton Wool in Neutral Ships, from any Port of Europe, free of Duty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Import of The House was moved. That the Order made upon Goods, Friday the 17th Day of last, for the House to

from the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

~eiant. Tomorrow, upon the Bill to permit Goods, the Pro-

duct or Manufacture of certain Places within Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in Britor Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

' Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

K emulation of His Majesty’s Civil Government,

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Monday the 20th Day of March last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider further of the Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty’s Civil Establishments, and of certain public Offices; for the Limitation of Pensions, and the Suppression of sundry uteless, expen-five, and inconvenient Places; and for applying the Monies favetl thereby, to the Public Service, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That th is House will, upon ATouday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Supply, the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after One of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 10° Aprilis;

Anno 200 Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

MU. Sloane presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

’ An Account of all Monies actually received into the Cofferer’s Office, from Michaelmas 1777 to Michaelmas from the 1778; together with an exact State of the Fees and Per- Cofferer's quifites attending the Receipt, Issue, Expenditure, ac- offic<-counting for, and auditing the fame, feV. &c.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon tire Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Chamierpresented to the House, pursuant to

their Address to His Majesty,

Copies of the Returns of the Qualifications of Depu- Militia ty Lieutenants and Militia Officers for the several Coun- Officers ties, which have been received in the Office of His Qi!allfica- Majesty’s Principal Secretary of State for the Northern tl0ns‘ Department since those presented to the House of Lords by Lord Viscount Weymouth, 9th June 1779: And also.

Copies of such Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Militia Officers of the several Counties in England and Wales, as have been transmitted to the Secretary of State for the Southern Department since the Lift presented to the House of Lords by the Lord Viscount Weymouth, on Wednesday the 9th 1779.

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Supply. The House was moved. That the Order made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways The House was moved. That the Order madeYef-and Mcar.s. terday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to llis Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

4‘

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London, attended at the Door they were called

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- Imprifen, mons of the City of London, in Common Council a

lembled. - Small Delis

And then they withdrew. Courts.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the Bill to exempt from Imprisonment the Bodies of Defendants, liable to be imprisoned by Precepts, or other Process, issuing out of Courts, erected by Acts of Parliament, for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts; and Setting forth. That a Court for the recovering of Small Debts, and for the Relief of Poor Debtors, within the City of London, hath subsisted for more than Two hundred and Fifty Years last past, and the same hath been regulated by different Acts of Parliament

1

zo Geo. III. ro°

liament; and that the said Court was estabHshed for the mutual Benefit of both Debtor and Creditor, by making the Recovery of Stndl Debts speedier and much lei's expensive, and the firing in the superior Courts for Debts under Forty Shillings is prohibited; and that the Powers vested in the said Court have been attended with the most salutary EffeCb, not only to the poor Suitors, but also to the Defendants or Debtors, the Orders for Payment of their Debts being by small Installments, Weekly or Monthly', in Rates proportionable as well to the Wages or Earnings of the Debtors as to the Number and Circumstances of their Families; and that the compulsory Method of recovering Debts in the said Court, induces numberless Persons to exert themselves to pay the same without being sued; and the Hard-, ships conceived about the imprisoment of the Debtors, are more imaginary than real, very’ few in Comparison of the Number against whom Executions are necessarily awarded, being lent to Gaol, and as to those who are sent there, they feldorn remain long in Custody, nor does their Confinement hardly ever proceed but from their own ldlencfs and Obstinacy; and the Petitioners apprehend, that Credit for small Sums is expedient and necessary amongst the lower Sort of People, without which, in many Cafes, their Families mull frequently be reduced to the greatest Distress, and the Parishes, already grievously loaded with Taxes, would feel an intolerable Increase thereof; and that, as Imprisonment is allowed under the Authority of divers Acts of Parliament, for the Recovery of very small Penalties, incurred in a Variety of Instances, the Petitioners submit to the House, how far it maybe found agreeable to Equity, to take from the Creditor the Benefit of the Law now fub-fifttng for recovering his just Demand for Debts under Forty Shillings within the City of London, which mud necessarily happen if the Bill complained of should pass . into a Law, in which same the Po wers of the said Court will be rendered nugatory, and in Effect annihilated, and the Creditor left remedilels, to the great Prejudice and almost entire Ruin of many thousand Inhabitants within the said City; and that the said Court hath no Power to distrain the Goods of the Debtor, but in' case they had, the Remedy would be ineffectual from the Difficulty of ascertaining the Property, and the fraudulent Practices that would prevail to defeat Executions, by Concealments, pretended Sales, and Protections from Landlords under the Claim of a Year’s Rent; and that if the Remedy against the Goods could be effectual, it would be more prejudicial to the Debtors, since it would be a greater Lois to such as have Furniture (the only EifeCls the labouring People possess) and a greater Distress to their Wives and Children, to be stripped of it, and Lave it loid fur a Trifle, under an Execution, than to suffer a tempo:ary Imprisonment: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the hid Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law. '

Iopnfnn- . A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, went of Manufacturers, Land Owners, Traders, and Farmers,

Snuin^ebt w‘t^‘n and near the Parish of Halifax, in the County of Conru! York, whole Names are thereto llibscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That Persons,.'contracting small Debts in and near the Parish of Halifax, are generally the idle and disorderly, who, when employed in the Woollen Manufacture, or other Work;

' will not do more than is necessary for their immediate Support, spending in Idleness a great Part of their Time, rather than earn wherewith to discharge any small 'Debts which they have contracted when out of Eni-: ploy; and that such Persons are, often unmarried, and have no Effects whereon the Debts could be levied,-or, if married, Lave Families who can better maintain themselves without than with such Matters, their Conduct tending more to their Impoverishment than Sup-. Yot. ,37.

Aprilis. 765

port; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law^ it would, as the Petitioners conceive, be very prejudicia to the manufacturing Parts of this Kingdom, and particularly to the West Riding of where the

Woolcombers, Weavers, and other Inferiors in the Trade, frequently and very necessarily require Credit for small Sums during their Employ in particular Branches in the Manufacture, for which they receive no Wages till the Species of Goods they are manufacturing be finished: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard against it, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, or otherwise, as to the House shall fe?m meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Manufac- Imprison-turers, and Artificers, whose Names arc thereunto sub- ,

feribed, residing within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of which Courts,

adjoineth thereto, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Court established by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of King George the Second, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, has been found by Experience to be of the greatest Utility to all Persons, Debtors as well as Creditors, for small Sums, residing within the Jurisdiction thereof; and by the said A Cl no Person can be im-prisoned, upon an Execution, for a longer Space than Forty Days; and that Credit for small Sums is in general exceedingly necessary, more especially to those of the lower Clals of People, who, from occasional Want of Employment, Sickness, or other Accidents, would not, unless by such Credit, be able to supporf. themselves and Families, but niuft of Necessity become burthenlbme to their Parishes; and that the good EffeCls of Credit for small Sums, in Trade, by far overbalance any bad Consequences which arise therefrom; and that, if the Bill, now depending, to exempt from Imprisonment the Bodies of Defendants, liable to be imprisoned by Precepts, or other Process, issuing out of Courts erected by Acts of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, should pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend a total Stop will be put to ffich Credit for small Sums, Trade will be thereby very much decreased, and the poorer Peojfle will experience very great Hardships for Want thereof: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not be passed into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be , received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon the 22d Day of March last, for referring the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, Land Owners, and others, Inhabitants of Halifax, Bradford, Kig/i/ey, 'Bingley, and other Parishes and Places within the West Riding of the County of York, were severally referred,

'to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to exempt from Imprisonment the Bodies of Defendants, liable to be imprisoned by Precepts, or other ’Process, issuing out of Courts erected by Acts of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, is committed; might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged-

9 I A Petition

Xayrifon-vent of debtors by Small Debit Courts.

Ditto.

766 10° Apri 1780;

A Petition of the several Manufacturers, Tradesmen, Shopkeepers, and Dealers, within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and adjoining Parishes, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to exempt from Imprisonment the Bodies of Defendants, liable to be imprisoned by Precepts, or other Process, issuing out of Courts erected by Acts of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts; and Setting forth, That Two Acts passed in the Twenty-second and Thirty-fecood Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, in the Borough of,

and several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, the Commissioners for executing which Acts are chosen annually, by the Vestries of the several Parishes and Places, out of the most respedable of their Inhabitants; and that the said Acts have been of great Use, by promoting and encouraging useful Credit amongst the lower ClaTs of People, who otherwise could by no Means provide properly for themselves and Families; and that the Power of imprisoning is not made an ill Use of, very few having been imprisoned under the said Acts, and the Petitioners have always considered the Power of committing, to be a Punishment, held out to deter Persons from endeavouring to avoid paying their Debts, rather than to be executed upon them, and apprehend it may fairly be concluded to have had that Effect, from the very small Number of Persons annually committed; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the taking away the Terrors of a Gaol, will, in great Measure, if not totally, defeat the good Intention of the Legislature, in passing the said Acts of the Twenty-second and Thirty-second Years of his said late Majesty: And therefore praying. That the District of Parishes and Places included in the said Acts, may be exempted from the Provisions of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coelideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, am! other Inhabitants of the Borough o{ K Lynn and the Liber-' ties thereof, in ttie County of was presented to

the House, and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Borough of King's Lynx and the Liberties thereof; the Execution whereof hath been found to produce all the salutary Effects that were intended by it, by supporting Credit amongst (lie lower Sort of Traders and Inhabitants, and by providing an effectual Remedy for the Recovery of Small Debts; and that the Petitioners do not know of any instance of the Powers given to the Commissioners of the said Court having been perverted, or made subservient to the Purposes of Injustice or Oppression; and that the Number of Persons who have been committed in Execution under the said Act, is very final! in Proportion to the Number of Persons who have paid the Debts which have been adjudged to be due from them by Decrees of the said Court, there not having been more than Six Persons imprisoned under the said Act since the Commencement thereof, and there have been One thousand Four hundred and Sixty-six Cauies heard and determined by the Commissioners, who very feLdom make Orders for poor Persons to pay then Debts at a higher Rate than Six Pence or One Shilling per Week, and often for Three Pence or Four Pence; and seldom award Execution against the Bodies of the Defendants, except in Cafes where it is alledged by rite Plaintiff that the Defendants hare no Goods, or have removed them to avoid their being taken in Execution; and the said Coramifliorers have not Power under the said Act* to commit for any longer Time, than Three Months; and that the Petitioners are apprehend-

*7

five, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, that tl»e Provisions made by the said Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, would be rendered very ineffectual for the Purposes for which it was made, the Fear of Ira-prisonment having produced a greater Reform than the Seizure of Goods, which is the greatest Distress to Families: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Manufactures, residing in the Tower Hamlets, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Court established by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Tower Hamlets, commonly called The Court of Requests, has been found of the greatest Utility to Artificers and Labourers, as well as to the Tradesmen residing in the said District, the former being thereby protested from the excessive Expences to which they were subject by Suits for small Debts in the superior Courts, and the Danger of an unlimited Imprisonment for the fame, and the lattev relieved from the many Losses they formerly luf-tained, for Want of an adequate Remedy for the Recovery of such Debts; and that, if the said Bill palfes into a Law', the Petitioners apprehend the said Court would be rendered ahnoft useless, by reason the Creditor would be without Remedy, where no Goods belonging to the Debtor can be found, which would generally be the Cafe, through the fraudulent Practice that mult confe* questly prevail, of Concealments, pretended Sales, and Protections from Landlords for a Year’s Rent, so that the useful Credit which Tradesmen give poor People under Confidence of the Remedy in this Court, for the Recovery of their Debts, would be totally destroyed; and that Artificers and Labourers cannot support themselves and Families without the Assistance of a small Credit, particularly when lick, or in Want of Employment, so that if they arc stripped of Credit, they most consequently become burthensome to the Pariftj after their little Property is exhausted by the destructive Practice of Pawning; and that the great Moderation, practised in the said Court of Requests, by indulging the Debtors with Time to pay their Debts by Install meats, in very Itxiall Sums, according to their Abilities, enables the sober and industrious Poor to avoid the Coercion of an Execution, so that the Power of taking the Body in Execution under the Process of this Court, only affects the idle and dissolute Part of the People, and becomes a Punishment for those Faults which are the foie Cause of their Neglects: And therefore praying. That the fold Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Suitors of the said Court may continue to have the tame Remedy for the Recovery of their Debts, as by Law they are now entitled.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and Artificers, within the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Borough of Derby, and the Liberties thereof, the Petitioners, and other Inhabitants witliih the said Borough, have reaped great Advantages, by being able, at a small Expence, to recover Debts under Forty Shillings and that, previous to the obtaining of the said Act, great Numbers of People, employed in Throwing of Silk, Wool-combing, and Framework-knitting, frequently contrafted Debts under Forty Shillings in the said Borough, which in the Whole amounted Yearly to a large Sum of Money, and although well able to pay the feme, yet they refused, prduming on the

Difficulties

Ditto*

Imprisonment of Debtors by Small Detyp Courts.

Pitta.

20 Geo. III. io *Jp767

Difficulties their Creditors lay under, by the Expence they were unavoidably put to, and the Delays they met with, in suing for the lame; and the Petitioners apprehend, that the benefit an ling from the said Act is equally beneficial as well to the Debtor as the Creditor, by making the Recovery of Small Debts speedier and much less expensive than in superior Courts; and that by an express Clause in the said Act, no Action for any Debt not amounting to Forty Shillings, and recoverable by the said Act, should be prosecuted in any of the Ring's Courts at Wefmmfter, or any other Court what-l'oever, or elsewhere, out of the said Court of Keqiicft; and that the Orders of the Court of Requests for the said Borough, for Payment of Debts, ate made by small Installments, Weekly or Monthly, in Rates proportionable to the Wages or Earnings of the Defendants, and the Number and Circumstances of their Families, by which Means the industrious Poor are enabled to pay their Debts by Weekly or Monthly Savings, without being distressed, and only the idle and obstinate become liable to the limited Time of Three Months Imprisonment, stipulated by the said Act; and that the Orders of the said Court of ltequests are, in general, effectuated not by actual Imprisonment, but merely by holding out Imprisonment to the Defendant interrorem; for that, notwithstanding the re have been Two hundred Executions made out against the Persons of the Defendants within Two Years last: pall, yet there have been only Two actual Commitments: And therefore praying, That nothing may be done to overturn the Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, which has been found by Experience to be so beneficial; and that a Bill, now depending in the House, to exempt from Imprisonment the Bodies of Defendants liable thereto by Precepts, or other Process, issuing out of Courts erected by Acts of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, may not pal’s into a Law.

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City of Norwich, in Common Council assembled, and also of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardiaps of the Poor in the said City and County of Norwich, and Liberties of the fame, was all'o presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a very considerable and extensive Manufactory is carried on in the said City, in which many Thousand Poor are employed; and that, for the Eal'e of the lower Set of People, necessarily requiring Credit to be given them, as well in Times of Sickness as during a Scarcity of Employment, an Act was obtained in the Twelfth and Thirteenth of King William the Third, for Recovery of Small Debts within the said City, which has been attended with great Advantage, as well to the Poor as to the Persons giving them Credit during the Times of such Sickness or Want of Employment; and the Petitioners conceive, that, if the Bill, now depending before the House, should pals into a Law, by which the Power given by the said Act of imprisoning the Persons of Debtors for Small Debts, shall be absolutely taken away, it will be attended with great Dilad vantage to the labouring Poor of the City of Norwich, by putting an End to the Credit usually given to them in such Times of Sickness or Want of Employment, and will inercafe the Poor Rates of the said City (already very burthensome) to a Degree which the middling Ranks of Tradesmen will be totally unable tosupport; And therefore praying, That the Bill now depending in the House, to eXenipt from Imprisonment the Bodies of Defendants liable to be imprisoned by Precepts, or other Process, idling out of Courts erected by Acts of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts,’may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and others, Inhabitants within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and tije Vicinity thereof, whose Names are thereunto subsenbed, was also pre-Vo l. 37. '

fented to thcHouse, and read j $Hting forth, That twt Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the mult easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the To^rt, Port, and County of the Town, of Kingston npok Hullithe Execution of which hath been found to produce all the salut-afy ESofts that* were intended by it, by providing art effectusA Remedy for the Recovery of Small Debts, and thereby promoting and encouraging ufoful Gtedit within ttefitid Town and,

County; and that the Petitioners do not know of any.

Instance of the Powers given so the Commissioners of the said Court, haring been perverted or made fuhfer* vienf to the Purposes of lattice tfr Oppt$fik>n; rthd conceive, that the Number of Fvttons who have beejk committed on Execution under the said Act is vet/ small, in Proportion to the Number of those who have paid the Debts adjudged to be due from them by Decrees of the said Court; and that, although the Commissioners have Power to commit the Bodies of Defendants in Execution for Three Months, yet they have made it a general Rule not to commit for a longer Time than Fourteen Days, where the original Debt adjudged due does not exceed Five Shillings, and not for a longer Time than One Month where the Debt does not exceed Ten or Fifteen Shillings; and very fel-dom make Orders for poor Persons to pay their Debts at any higher Rate than Six Pence or One Shilling a Week, such Payments being generally proportioned to the Circumstances of the Defendants; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive, if the Bill to exempt from Imprisonment the Bodies of Defendants, liable thereto by Precepts, or other Process, issuing out of Courts erected by Acts of Parliament for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, should pass into a Law, that the Provisions made by the said Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, would be rendered ineffectual for the Purposes for which it was made, and would be attended with great Inconveniences to Trade, and to many industrious laborious People, by putting an entire Stop to the Credit usually given to them: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according Halifax

to Order, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in ^c. ’ the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, Small Debt*, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery ot'

Small Debts, within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford,

Kighley, Bingley, Guife/ey, Calverley, Batley, Bir/la/l, Mtrfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, A, , Kirkburton, and Huddersfieldand the Lordship or Li-

berty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for granting other Powers for those Purposes: And the lamb was received; and read the First

r|V

1 ime.

Rejo/vcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Commute*'.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the jc|cenham Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing inclosure. the Open Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Purish of lekenham, in the County of -dlesex, is committed.

Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee, to Seend Street whom the Bill for amending the Road from the West Ac.

End of Seend Street to The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road; ajid for

making

768 10° dprilis*/. 1780.

making an additional Road from the said Road in the Chapelry of Setnd, to communicate with Devizes Turnpike Road at or near Somerham , in the same Chapelry, all in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, With the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account /hewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1779, has been disposed of; distin-guished under the several Heads, until the 10th Day of April 1780, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

A:r

Account: Dispositior. of Grants.

r

O

O

00

An A CCOUNT shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1779, has been disposed of j distinguished under the several Heads, until the toth Day of April 1780, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

Co

R

£ S

'For Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 70,000 Men, including 17,389 Marines, from the ill

Day of'January 1779

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1779 -

1 Towards the Buildings, Re-buiidings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1779 -

jj C For S,) FO,

I)Fo.'

o (. 1

o

VO

r

For Ordnance Sea Service....

For Ordnance Land Service - - 7

For defraying the Expences of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1778 ——

f For defraying the Charge of 30,346 eiFeftive Men for Guards, Garrifens, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for the Year 1779 For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa^ including those in Garrison in Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, The Ceded Islands, and Africa, for the Year 1779 For the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Six Regiments of Foot, serving in North America, for the Year 1779 ——

For completing the whole Charge of D°, which of late Years was paid in Part out of the Revenues of the Kingdom of Ireland -

For the Pay of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1779....

For defraying the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces for the Year 1779 -

For defraying the Charge of the embodied Militia of the several Counties in Scuth Britain, and of Three Regiments of Fencible Men in North Britain, for the Year 1779 ——

For defraying the Charge of additional Companies to the embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1778 -

For defraying the Charge of the Cloathing of the embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1779.

For defraying the Charge of the Cloathing for additional Companies to the embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1778 For defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Fencible Men to be forthwith raised in North Britain, for the Year 1779 To make good the Charge of forming Three Regiments of Light Dragoons of 411 Men each, out of the Dragoon Guards and Dragoons in Great Britain, including the Charge of bringing General Eliot's and General Burroyne's Regiments to the like E&iblishment, for the Year 1779

For defraying the Charge of an Augmentation to a Corps of Royal Highland Emigrants, serving in North America, fresh the 25th of May 1779 24th of December following -

For the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1779 -

For defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, a»d to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1779 -

Towards defraying the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1779.

ror dcrravirg the Charge of Five Hanoverian Battalions of Foot at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for Provisions for the Three Battalions of the said Troops at Gibraltar, for the Year 1779

For defraying the Charge of 13,472 Men, of the Troops of the Landgrave of HeJTe CaJJkl, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the oubftdy, for the Year 1779 .

For defraying the Charge of Two Regiments of Hanau, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1779 -ror defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of IValdeck, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1779 r!JyMj r 1rgc of 4»3°° Men, the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1779....

with^thf1 Subsid^^or^th° Y*^^? ^Cn# Troops of the Margrave of Brandeburg Anfpach, in the Pay of Great Britain, together

To make good a Pefi^iency in the Sums voted for the Troops of the said Margrave, being a Charge of an Augmentation to the said 1? Troops, from the 1 ft of November ,777 to the 24th of December ,778 - -

for defray.ng the Charge of a Corps of Foot of Anhalt Zerbft, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the c Xcar 1779 - - - . _ _ - - - .

— —

369,882 6 1

S79.«87 — —

£- s. d.

182,000 —

3SS.438 lS 4

5*I>935 13 5

£ s. d.

833,9" 18 6

1,103,118 11 — *

P-9* 3 1 6

63,»95 II 10

37,206 8 65

*59,713 3 4

610,882 5

5*4" 18 6

85,760 17 2

2,656 4 —

>9,584 2

6,246 5 6

4>"3 6 8

87,703 8 4

628 2 11

56,074 l9 45

367,203 9 ie

35.44' *9 95

»7«49* 3 2i

93-947 *5 8

39.644 *4 3

7,95s 10 ill

16,630 11 9i

Sums voted.

4,407.069

j.

1

1.099,374 8 9

Sams paid.

£ ' d.

4,106,374 14 n

1,099,374 8 9

Remains to be paid.

£ A

300,694 11 2

C>\

v£>

20 Geo. III. 10° Aprilis.

'For defraying the Charge of Provisions for the Foreign Troops serving in North America, in the Pay of Great Britain for the

Year 1779 7.....- - - - 4S4668 3

For defraying the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1779 - - 27,683 14 —

Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 31st Day

of January 1778 and the ift Day of January 1779, and not provided for by Parliament

2,026,137 4 4t

For the Expences of the new Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1779 -

Bor defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of the Island ot Saint John in America, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the lft of January 1779 to the iftof January 1780 ——

For the Charges of the Civil Establishment of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1778 to the 24th of

June 1779. --- ---....

For maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1779 ——

For the Charges of the Civil Establishment of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1778 to the 24th of June 1779 ——

For the Charges of the Civil Establishment of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1778 to the 24th

C

<u

P

of June 1779

For defraying the Expences of General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1779 -

To the Governor and Company of Merchants trading to The Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting them in carrying on their Trade ».

To James Berkenhout, Esquire, and Thomas Clark, upon a proper Discovery of their Method of dying Scarlet and Crimson, as well as other Colours, oa

Linen and Cotton....

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum* which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses -

To replace the like Sum, issued by His Majesty’s Orders to Mr. Duncan Campbell, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing* Convicts on the River Thames ——

To make good the like Sum issued by His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fuud for paying Annuities granted Anno 1758, on the 5th of July 1778 -

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities granted Anna

1778, on the 5th of July 1778.....- -

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1777, at Lady Day 1779 - - e

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1777, at Michaelmas 1779 - *

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1778

Towards the extraordinary Expence of His Majesty's Mint, pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii 3lii To pay off and discharge the principal Sum of £. i,qoo, oooo in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 28* Georgii 3th, and charged upon the

First Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1779. together with the Interest and Charges attending the same To pay off and discharge the principal Sum of £.500,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of one other Act 180 Georgii 3^, and charged upon the First Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1779, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same -To pay off and discharge the principal Sum of £. 1,000,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of one other Act l8° Georgii 3111, and charged upon the First Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1779, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same To the Goverr or and Company of the Bark of England, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of the several fortunate Tickets in the Lottery established by an Act 190 Georgii 3^ ——

For Discount on prompt Payments, after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, to the Contributors of £.7,000,000 for Annuities, and of £.490,000 for a Lottery ——

To the Bank, for receiving, paying, and accounting for, the said £.7,0^,000 and £.490,000 For the Charges and Expences attending the preparing and drawing the Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, and delivering out Certificates in lieu thereof, (exclusive of £.9,300 arisen by granting 186 Licences, at £.50 each, to Keepers of Lottery Offices, pursuant to the Act for establishing the said

Lottery) -

To enable His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services, for the Year 1779, and to take all such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require ——

Towards satisfying the Services unpaid, there remains in the Exchequer, Of Contributions to the Lottery -Duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic -

6,013,082 5 nj

6,995 18 it

3,150-----

11.900 — — 4796 10 5

4,95° -

4.900 — —

2,041 5 —

5.000 — —

5.000 — —

32,968 2 8

13,586 17 —

60,527 3 6

4°>S4° 9 4r

98,891 3 8

152,37a 16 s 313,697 16 8 J

66.744 4 3$ S»7S7 »*

1,566,220 2

501,091 10 1

1,022,195 7 2

490,000 — -

84,966 9 1

6,640 10 10

2,650 — — 1,000,000 — —

17,018,110 — io£

6,013,08* 5 nj

6,995 18 11

3.15°-----

2.900 — — 4.796 io 5

4-95° — *"

4.900 — — 2,041 S —

5.000 -

5.000 — — 32,968 2 8

13,586 47 —

60,527 3 6

40,540 9 4!

98,891 3 S

152,372 16 5

313.697 16 8f 66,744 4 3i 5*757

1,566,220 a 9s

501,091 10 1

1,022,195 7 2

490,000 — —

84,966 9 1

6,640 10 10

1,000,000 — —

16,714,765 9 8i

£. d. 2,650 — — 7 10 7

<1

>4

o

Si

2,650 - —

303,344 u a

2.657 10 7 ^4

Deficiency of Way* and Meani lo answer the Service*

300,687 — 7

00

WAYS and MEANS towards answering the same j

C s. J.

® *>000,000 — — By \'b. per Lib. on Land.

750,000 — — By the Duty on Malt, continued Anno 1779.

SjJ 7>°oo, oooo — — By Annuities.

490,000 — — By a Lottery.

2*071,854 13 Out of Monies arisen, or to arise, of the Sinking Fund.

*>763 i — - Remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th of April 17791 for Disposition of Parliament.

128 12 — Of the Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic.

' a,676 13 7 Of Monies arisen by the Sale of French Prizes taken before the Declaration

of the late War.

1*500,000 — — By Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

1.900,000 — — By Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament,

t >000,000 — — By Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

17,423 — 3J

300,687 — 7 Deficiency Qf Ways and Means.

17,018,110 — 10$

blcmdum.

The Arrears of former Supplies "remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow; v/z.

For the late Marine Regiments ----- - 10,506 5 aj

For the late African Company’s Creditors ----- 900 12 10

For Georgia Bills, Residue of £, 15,496. 19/, - 570 17 7

Towards building a Lazaret ----- - 5,000 — —

For Compensation to Francis Dalbyt for certain Damages sustained by him - - 6,195 8 11

To complete A 5,550, granted for the Charge of the Civil Establishment of

Senegambia$tox the Ye*v iy}6 - , 2,55* H fi

25,725 16 Z

Presented this xoth Day of April 1780, by me,

JV. Speer.

vj

10 Geo. III. 100 Aprilis.

77*

i o° Aprilis-

A. 1780.

Accounts:

Cotton Wool.

Duties on Salt,

Accounts:

Excise Duties.

Malt

Duties.

Strong

Duties on Wines, ice.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in attended

at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Monies actually received into the Office for the Service of, and raised upon, the Public in the Year ended at Michaelmas 1778; together with at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- an exact State of the Fees and Perquisites attending the fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, Receipt, llfue. Expenditure, accounting for, and au-

An Account of all Cotton Wool imported annually diting the same; as also the Fees usually paid on Ap-

into Scotland, from Christmas 1777 to Cliriftmas lall;

distinguishing the Foreign from the Growth of the British Colonies, and the respective Quantities in each Year from the several Colonies and Countries: And also,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties on Salt, the Drawbacks, Discounts, Bounties, and Allowances made thereon, and the Charges of Management thereof, from 5th April 1777 to 5th April 17/9; distinguishing each Y'ear.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

poinfment to Offices; also an Account of the Salaries of the Officers, and an Explanation of the Nature of the Service, or Duty, performed in the Receipt of.

issuing, and accounting for, such Money.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account- do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Chapman, from the Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to

The laid Accounts are preferred amongst the other the House, pursuant to their Order, Papers of this Session. " ’ ’

Account:

Scotch

lorfened

iiftatei.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Gross Produce, Charges of Mahagement, Legal Allowances, and Net Produce, of all the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, together with all the Payments and Remittances made out of the fame, for One Year, viz. from Michaelmas 1777 to Michaelmas 1778: And also,

An Account of the Number of Bushels of Malt, with the Amount of the Charge at Six Pence per Buffiel, and the Amount of the Charge actually made in Scotland, at Three Pence per Buffiel, for the Years ended 23d June 1778 and 1779: And also.

An Account of the Number of Barrels of Strong Beer and Ale, Twopenny Ale, and Small Beer, brewed in Scotland, with the Amount of the Duty, for the

Years ended 5th July 1778 and 1779: And also.

An Account of the Annual Produce of the Duties on all Low Wines and Spirits, granted by the Second of George the Third, for the Years ended 5th July 1778 and 1779; distinguishing Corn, Melasses, Foreign Fruit, and Foreign Wines.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do Jie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, attended at

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open

A Paper, intituled, "The Certificate of the Treasurer’s Remembrancer: " And also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Certificate of John " roll, First Secondary in the Office of the Lord " Treasurer’s Remembrancer in the Exchequer, with " the Schedules referred to; being the State of the " Entry of the several Accountants therein named, who " have entered their respective Accounts in the said " Office, for all or any Part of the Year ending at " Michaelmas 1778."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Byngpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Hamlet of Mile End New Town, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex; for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other open Passages and Places, within the said Hamlet, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for consolidating the Highway Rates with the other Rates within the said Hamlet: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of Shen-nington, in the County of Glouce, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

and

to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Part of the forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, have been fold, to whom, the Time of Sale, the Sums for which the same were rel'pectively fold, and what Part of the Purchase Money has been paid.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of Shen-nington, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Chester do carry the Bill to th® Lords, and desire thLir Concurrence.

Account from the

Haw Jeers and

O'ner.

A Petition of John Spottifwoode, Agent appointed by the Council and Assembly of the Island of Tobago, for and in Behalf of the Railers of Cotton in the British. West India Islands, was presented to the House, and The said Account is preserved amongst the other read; Taking Notice of the Bill to permit Goods, the Papers of this Session. Product or Manufacture of certain Places within The

Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into The House being informed that Mr. JVarren, from Great Britain or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, the Office for licencing Hawkers and Pedlars, attended from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited;

tq Andi

Treasurer's Remembran ccr^ Oft*.

Mile End Poor.

Shenninjron

Inclosure.

Import of Goods from the Levant.

ie

Importation

of

CoCtftCL

Wool.

Import of Cotton Wool.

20 Geo. III. 10° Aprtlis. 773

And letting forth, That the I*etitioher apprehends, if that Island, the Demand for their (jotton Goods had Cotton Wool should, under the Authority of the above been materially reduced, particularly at Foreign MarketsJ Bill, be permitted to be imported directly into this and that immediately after the Loss of that Island, the Country, in Neutral Bottoms, from The Levant and Price of Cotton rote in so rapid and extraordinary a Mediterranean Seas, the same will be immediately at- Manner, that the Petitioners were induced, iri fbme tended with Jatal Consequences, not only to the Planters Degree, to lelTeri the Provision of their Manufactures; of Cotton, but to the Navigation of this Kingdom, to and that although the Demand for Cotton Goods since the Merchant, and to every Person dependent upon, or the above Period i* considerably revived, yfet the Price in! ere ik'd in, the Trade to The West India Islands, and of Cotton Wool fl.il! iucreasing, the Petitioners have may eventually prove destructive to the Cotton Manu- Caute to apprehend, that the present Demand for their failure of Great Britain, as the British Planters of Cotton Manufactures cannot be of long Duration, particularly"

In The West India Islands, who are now struggling with at Foreign Markets, unless the present high Price of the the great eft Difficulties, will be subjected to such Raw Material can by Come Means be regulated, and the further Di fad vantages, during the Continuance of the Article rendered id's liable to Fluctuation; and that t ho Indent War, as to oblige them to give up the Cultiva- Petitioners conceive, that the most likely Means for this tion of that important Article, to the great Prejudice of Purpose, and to prevent in future the Monopolies the Manufacturers of Cotton, and to the certain Loss to which have lately advanced the Article near lofty per the Planters of the great Sums which they have laid out Centum will be, by permitting its Importation from any in the Culture of that valuable Article: And therefore Port in Europe, in Neutral Ships, for a Time to be praying, 'Hut his Constituenrs may be permitted to be limited: And therefore praying the House to take their heard, by themselves, or by Counsel, against the said same into Consideration, and give them such Relief in Bill, in so far as they conceive themselves to be injured the Premises as to the House shall feetn meet, thereby; and that the same shall not extend to the Im- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the portation of Cotton Wool. Table.

Ordered, That I lie laid Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to Mr. Norton reported from the Committee, to whom Guide ford whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Pe- the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, p^ham tioner be heard, by himiGf or Counsel, before the said made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his Majesty Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit. King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for re-

" pairing and widening the Road from the Town of A Petition of John Spottifwoode, Agent appointed " Guldeford to The Directing Post near the Town of by the Council and Assembly of the Island of Tobago, " Fin the County of Surrey," was committed:

for and in Behalf of the Railers of Cotton in the British That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the IVcfi India Islands, was presented to the House, and Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Com* read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner observes, mittee had gone, through the Bill, and made several fiorn the Votes, that this House will, on the toth of Amendments thereunto which they had directed him.

April, resolve itself into a Committee, to consider further to report to the House; and he read the Report in his of permitting the importation of Cotton Wool, in Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Neutral Ships, from any Part of Europe, free of Duty; Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the and that the Petitioner apprehends, the permitting Amendments were Once read throughout; and then the Importation of Cotton Wool in Neutral Ships, free a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quel-of Duty, would be attended with very destructive Con- tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the sequences to the fyitish West India Islands, from which House.

great Quantities or Cotton are now imported, of a Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Quality much superior to the Turkey, and little inferior ingrossed. to the bed St. Domingo Cotton, and on which Produce

some of our West India Islands chiefly depend, and Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Money which are now labouring under the greatest Difficulties; Particulars of the Sum of £.68,436. 15 the

and that, if this Measur was adopted, the Dutch would Profits on £.4,860,024. n. 2 Amount of Bills of Forces in import the French Cotton directly from the French - Exchange drawn on Messieurs Harley and America.

Islands, or Eustatia, to Britain, which, by the Difference for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North America. of Freight, Insurance, and other Charges, would give

Foreigners such an Advantage in the Market over the O, That there be laid before this House, the Ditw. British Planters, as to oblige them to give up the Cul- Particulars of the Sum of £.42,343. 1 the Profits

tivation of that Article, to the great Prejudice not only on £.2,127,576. os. 2 remitted in Specie by Messieurs of the Planters, but of the Navigation of this King* Harley and Drummond, for the Use of His Majesty’s dom, the Merchant, and every Person dependent upon. Forces in North America. or interested in, the Trade to The H'ejl India Islands,

and may eventually prove destructive to the Cotton Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Ditto. Manufacture of Great Britain: And therefore praying, Particulars of the Sum of £. 237,899. 14 7 the

That his Constifuents may be permitted to be heard, Charges on £. 6,987,600. is. $d. remitted by Messieurs by themselves or by Counsel, against any Bill for per- Harley and Drummond, for the Use of His Majesty’s mitring the Importation of Cotton Wool in Neutral Forces in Ships, from any Part of Europe, free of Duty, when the

lame shall be brought into the House, and that the same Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Ditto* may not pals into a Law. Particulars of the several Sums of Money remitted it

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Specie by Messieurs Harley and Drummond, for the Use Table. of His Majesty’s Forces in North America, together with the Charges attending the fame, from the 13th March A Petition of the Cotton Manufacturers of the Town 177® to this Day, inclusive. and Neighbourhood of Manchester, and of the Committee of Trade in the said Town, was presented to Ordered, That the several Paymasters General of His *?*" the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Island of Majesty’s Forces, who have quitted the Office, and whose Hand* of Granada has for several Years lurnished a very consider- Accounts are not yet settled, do lay before this House ptjr matter* able Share of the Cotton Wool used in the British Ma* an Account of what Balances of Public Money are now Genera], nutaftures, and that for some Time before the Lois of in their Hands.

Vol. 37. 9 L The

774

io° Apr

A> 1780,

Account The House was moved. That the Return to the

of Fees Order of this House, of the 2d Day of March last, from

at the the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer Exchequer. (wi,|ch was presented to the House upon Tuesday last) might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums received at His Majesty’s Exchequer, between Michaelmas 1777 and Michaelmas 2778, with the Amount of the Fees attending the fame; together with an Account of the Sums ifl'ued or paid within the same Period, and the Amount of the Fees attending such Issue or Payment; and distinguishing the Sums issued and paid on the Heads of Public Service and the Civil List.

Supply Bill: The Lord North presented to the House, according

Duties00 to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional s*h> Duties upon Salt, and for regulating the Exportation of Salt to the Ijh of Man: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Supply Bill: A Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional

Duties on Duties on Advertisements, and certain Duties on Re-Advertise- ceipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate, divided by Force of the Statute of Drstributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, was read a Second Time.

Refotved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill: A Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional

Duties on Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this w'ne* Kingdom, and upon Coals exported to Foreign Parts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Moro-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Imnriibnment A Petition of the principal Merchants and Traders of'Debtor*, of the City of Brifol, whose Names are thereunto sub-

- Icribed, for and cn Behalf of themselves and other Merchants and Traders of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second-Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Debtors, with

- ", rei pc ft to the Impril'onment of their Persons; and " to ohlicre Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what arc mentioned in the Ad, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for " their Creditors Benefit;" And letting forth. That it appears to the Petitioners, that the Objects of the said Bill, as well as the Provi lions thereof, are of the most dangerous and pernicious Tendency, not only to the Ln-terest of the Petitioners and other Individuals, but will also greatly lessen. the Confidence and Security of Creditors, increase their LoiTes, multiply Frauds in Debtors, give unjust Preferences, and cauiett great Stagnation to all inland Trade, to the Distress and lluin of many innocent and industrious Families j and in particular the Clause contained in the said- Bill, which impowers the Court, or Judges, or JuRices, to dilebarge any Prisoner; confined in Execution for Debt, notwithstanding the.

Creditor fliull infill on Lia being detained in Piiidn, and shall be ready to make the Allowance mentioned in the Bill; and the Clause, by virtue of which any Prisoner confined for Debt for Want of Bail, is to be discharged from Imprisonment upon making Affidavit of his not being worth Five Pounds, ur.leis the Creditor agrees to support him in Prilcn, will be highly injurious to the fair Trader, and, the Petitioners apprehend, destructive of the internal Commerce and Credit of the Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or, at least, that such Parts of the said Bill, which empower the Court, or Judges, or Justices, to dilebarge any Prisoner confined in Execution for Debt, notwithstanding the Creditor shall infill on his being detained in Prison, and shall be ready to make the Allowance mentioned in the Bill, and under which any Prisoner Confined lor Debt for Want of Bail, is to be discharged from Imprisonment upon making Affidavit of his not being worth Five Pounds, may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Confederation.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in The King sBench, Fleet, Poultry Compter, and Borough

Compter, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find themselves bound by the Ties of Gratitude, to exert their utmost Endeavours to wipe off the unjust Odium that has been throum on Doctor William Smith, by a Memorial presented from the Justices of the Peace for the County of;

and that the Petitioners are actuated by Motives of Justice to declare, that Doctor Smith, for Four Years part, has paid unremitted Attention to all unfortunate People in Confinement, who have been affhded with Sickness, in the most dangerous Complaints, great Numbers of whom must inevitably have perished, had they not been humanely and regularly attended by him and his Assistant, and furnished with all Medical Necessaries; and not only those now labouring under Imprisonment, but some Hundreds discharged, would have been exposed to great Misery, without his Profellior.al Skill and singular Care; and that the Petitioners venture to aver, no Medical Person whatever has attended them in their various illnesses but Doctor nor have they had

any other Relource when such AfHidions have befallen them, and on all such Occasions he hasheen applied to, and punctually attended; and that-the Petitioners are fully convinced, he must have expended considerable Sums of Money in Medicines for great Numbers he has attended in lingering Disorders, who have been daily supplied for a long Time together; and that the Petitioners sincerely lament such invidious Steps have been taken to deprive them of Doctor Smith's Advice and Assistance, as it might prevent him in future from rendering them thele Services in the Hour of their Calamity: And that, as the Petitioners are deprived of those Benefits which Society and Freedom would entitle them unto, and as great Numbers afflicted with Disease consequeiuly must perish without Physical Aid, they humbly hope so valuable and humane a Benefactor as Doctor Smith, through ill-founded Prejudices and Mif-representations, will not be discontinued to them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition, purporting to be a Memorial of His Majesty’s Justices assigned to keep the Peace in the County of Middlesex, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing, enlarging, and improving, the Harbour of Aberyfin the County of

Cardigan, vM lead. the Third Time.

Dr. W. SirmJ) Attendance on the Sick of London GaoL.

Abcryftiryth

Harbour

w

20 Geo. III. 10° Aprilis.

775

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsj And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, enlarging, and improving, i he Harbour of Abereftivyth, in the County of

digan.

Ordered, That the Lord Lisburne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

q'hrapfton Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom tndosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within th.e Manor and Parish of in the County of NcrtAampto was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the :25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Incloliire, had been complied with; and that tire Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and four ! the same to be true* and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the leaving out one of the Commissioners named in the said Bill, and inserting another in his Stead (except the Proprietors ot Lands to the Amount of ,£.15. 15 a Year; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are of the Yearly Value of £.650, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

mgrofled.

1

1

Account: Money in the Exchequer.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of such Monies as remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of 1780, subject

to the DispofiHon of Parliament, exclusive of the Surplus Monies then remaining of the Sinking Fund.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1780; for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called Tie Sinking Fund, alter fat;shying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House; an Account of the Surplus that remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of 1780, of the

Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, afrer satisfying all Annuities and other Charges then due and payable out of the lame.

Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, pursuant tt their Orders,

An Account of Ordnance Debentures made out on or before 31st January 1780, and which yet remain unpaid; ditlinguithing the Sums made out, and the Times when the same were made out, in each Month: And also.

An Account of Ordnance Debentures made out on or before 31st January 1780, and which yet remain unpaid; distinguishing the Sums made out, and the Times when the same were made out, in each Month 1 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Further Account of Stoppage* " made by the Paymaster of Artillery in America, for " Rations of Provisions furnished to the Detachment " serving the re, from ill January 1776 to the 30th " September ljl94"

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Paper were read.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the otbrf Papers of this Session; and the said Paper is U followeth; viz.

Account: Sujqluflrt:

Account i Dfduction! from Petition I.

Account):

r

Ordnanc*

Debentures

Stoppage! from Pay of Artillery in Ameritfaj,

1

J

1

t

Further ACCOUNT of Stoppages by the Paymaster of Artillery in America, for Rations!

of Provisions furnished to the Detachment serving the re, from 1 1776 to the 30/7,778. 9.

September 1779, amounting to the Sum of - === =a=s= x-a

Office of Ordnance,

7th April 1780.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do lie upon the Tabic, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

Teirtriff Mr. WhitjhedKeene reported from the Committee, to and whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open, Jndofure Common, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of '* ' Teirtriff4, and also a certain Parcel of Open, Common,

and Waste Land, called Gweru-y-Mynydd, within the Manor of tiopton, in the County of Montgomery, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands to the Amount of j. izo per Annum, or thereabouts, having VOL. 37.

Right of Common upon the said Commons or Waste Lands, One of whom could not be found; and that the Whole of the Estates having such Common Right are valued at J. 2,300 per Annum, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and after* wards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Kingston upon Hull, and of the

Merchants Grain.

77 6 10° — ii°

Merchants and other principal Inhabitants of the same Town and County of the same Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive, that the Mode of opening the Ports of this Kingdom, for the Importation and Exportation of Grain, as prescribed and regulated by the Laws now in being, is liable to much Abuse, whereby the Prices of Grain, in some Instances, are unnecessarily depressed, to the Discouragement of Agriculture, and in others unnecessarily advanced, to the Injury of Manufactures and Oppression of the Poor, and that the Temptation to such Abuse has been considerably increated by the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," and may, as the Petitioners apprehend, be prevented or restrained by proper Amendments of the said Act: And therefore praying. That the House will grant such Relief in the Premises, as the Nature of the Cale may require, and to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

State of the Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom-

War. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the War.

Import of The House was moved, That the Order made upon Goods Tkurjday Lilt, for the House to resolve itself into a Com-from The mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, upon Levant. (jie jj;jj to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within The ^Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, I for a 'Lime to be limited, might be read.

‘And the said Order being read accordingly;

Chdered, That the said Order be discharged.

.: Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennighc, the 18th Day of this Instant resolve

itself into the said Committee.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Qucllion being pro-Returns poled, That there be forthwith laid before this House, Copies of the last Monthly Returns of the Army in Great Britain;

Expenditure Ordered, That the Orders of the Day be now read, of And the Order of the Day being accordingly read. Public for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the

oney‘ whole House, to cohfider further of the Petition of the

Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of York, and also the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Huffy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. HuJJey reported from the Committee, That they iiad made a further Progress; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they might have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

A-nv Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Extras. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to examine into the Account of the Distribution of the Sum of f. 1,000,000 granted to His Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, to defray Extraordinary Expences; and into the Account of the Extraordinaries of the Army for the Year 1779; and to consider of the moll proper Methods for limiting the Expence of the Army to the Grams of Parliament.

'7 '

Apr ills- A. 1780.

Resolved, That this House vJill, upon Thursday Mom- Import of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Coll«n House, to consider further of permitting the importa- Woc! tion of Cotton Wool, in Neutral Ships, from any Port of Europe, free of Duty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Supply.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Wayt Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wlMum. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Marti:, ii° die;

Anno to* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for amending the Road from the Seend Su«t, West End of Seend Street to The Horse and Jockey, &c. in the Parish of Box, in the County of Wilts, and certain knottier Roads leading out of the said Road; and for making an additional Road from the said Road in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with the Devizes Turnpike Road at or near Somerham Brook, in the same Chapelry, all in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending the Road from the West End of Seend Street to The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road; and for making an additional Road from the said Road in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with the Devizes Turnpike Road at or near Somerham Brook, in the same Chapelry, all in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddock do carry the Bill to the Lxirds, and desire their Concufrence.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to whom Norris’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Efiaia for veiling Part of the Freehold Estates, late of Norris, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for raising Money to discharge the Legacies given by his Will, and the Codicils thereto, remaining unsatisfied; and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Wat kin William Wynn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Ac. Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second ko»<k Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widen-4* ing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the

" Town

so Geo. III. 11° Ap 777

Town of Mob! to the Town of Denbigh, r.nd from thence to Tat y Cafnand Come ay, and from the " Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Rulhin and Denbigh, and the Town and Port of " in the Counties of Flint, and

" von,'' as relates to the Road from Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin and Denbigh, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made 1 :veral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Eeport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where th( Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fete’ally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ' intruded.

y»pers The House being informed that Mr. Leake, from KArnfin‘S the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in;

of s and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Tuafportt. their Orders,

A particular Account of all Charges attending the Hiring and Management of Transports, and arming the fame, and supplying them with Provisions, for the Use of Soldiers embarked on board them, as far as the same have been paid by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to Messieurs Mure, Son, and Atkinson, on or before the ift Day of February 1777; together with Accounts of the particular Sums therein mentioned, from N* I to N* 27, inclusive: And also,

A particular Account of all Charges attending the Hiring and Management of Transports, and arming the fame, and supplying them with Provisions, for the Use of Soldiers embarked on board them, and of the Hire and Maintenance of extra Seamen, as far as the same have been paid by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to Messieurs' Mitre, Son, and Atkinfo between the ift Day of February 1777 and the T ft Day of 177;

together with Accounts of the particular Sums therein mentioned, from -N° 28 to N* 88 inclusive: And' also,

A particular Account of all Charges attending the Hiring and Management of Transports, and arming the fame, and supplying them with Provisions, for the Use of Parties of Soldiers embarked on board them, and of the Hire and Maintenance of extra Seamen, as far as the same have been paid by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to-Messieurs Mure, Son, and , between the ift

Day of February 1778 and the ift Day of February 1779; together with Accounts of the particular Sums therein mentioned, from N° 89 to N* 166, inclusive: And also.

A particular Account of all Charges attending the Hire and Management of Transports, and arming the fame, and supplying them with Provisions, for the Use of Parties of Soldiers embarked on board them, and of the Hire and Maintenance of extra Seamen, as far as the same has been paid by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to Messieurs Son, and Atkinson, between the ift Day of February 1779 and the ill of February 1780, with Observations; together with Accounts of the particular Sums therein mentioned, from N* 167 to N° 250, inclusive:

And also,

A Return to an Order of the House of Commons, of the 13th of March 1780, for an Account of the Species, Quantities, and Value, of all Cannon, Small Arms, Powder, Shot, and other Gunner’s Stores, purchased for arming Transports, employed under the Di red ion of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in supplying His Majesty’s Forces abroad with Provisions; and also an Account how the same were disposed of upon the said Ships being disarmed or discharged the Service.

Together with a Schedule of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Schedule and Return were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts and Return are preservd among!! the other Papers of this Session

The House being informed that Mr. Hughfon, from Account! the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, puffuant to their Orders,

An Account of such Monies as remained in the Re- Monies ceipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1780, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, eXclusive of the Surplus Monies then remaining of the Sinking Fund: Exchequer. And also.

An Account of the Money remaining in the Exche-'qUOTWThe 5th: Day of April i'jto, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus ’Monies, of the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon: And also,

An Account of the Surplus that remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1780, of the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satisfying all Annuities and other Charges then due and payable out of the lame.

-And then he withdrew.

A'nd the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth;

Vo l 3:. 9 M T®

778

A. 1780.

ii° Apr

To the honourable the Knights* Citizens-, and BurgeflTes, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of such Monies as remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 17So, subject to the Disposition of Parliament* exclusive of the Surplus Monies then remaining of the Sinking Fund.

Duty On Sugars, firtce 49th September 1764 *

Melasses, t3c. since ift November 1766 *

Cambricks, (Ac. since ift Augu 1766 *

Subsidy on Rice exported, which was imported Duty free -Duty on Apples imported ——

jC-; I'

- *,4*8 'I 4ft

- 449 10 7

74* *5 5ft

" *59 19 1

I - 4ft

3»76t »3 4f

Exchequer, the nth Day of April, 1780.

John Hughfon.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Money remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 17 So, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

T

THE Money remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 4780, for the Disposition of Parliament, of The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, amounts to the Sum of Six hundred and Fifty thousand Four hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and One Farthing.

Exchequer, the 11 th Day

of April, 1780. John Hughfon.

r

To th# honourable the Knights, Citizens, and BuigelTes, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Surplus that remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5 th Day of April 1780, of the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satisfying all Annuities, and other Charges, then due and payable out of the lame.

THE Surplus remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1780, of the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, tier satisfying all Annuities, and other Charges, then due and payable out of the lame, amounts to the Sum of I ’verity-five thoulimd Five hundred and Sixty Pounds.

Exchequer, the nth Day

of April, 1780. John Hughfon.

Ordered,

2o Geo. III.

11

Ordered, That the fakJ Accounts cf '6lib lipon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

779

Pe

A Message from the Lords; by Mh and Mr.

!)\S

Sa’thouss and Kel'.ing I.icloiai ev

Mr. Speaker,

Mr. Johnes reported from tire Committee, tp whom the bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common called Nortfru'ood or Northwood Common, in she, Township of Noke, in the Parish o f in the County of Hereford, was committed} That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

ft /’ r .1 _ r Km 1 il»lt /

Nortkivood

Inclosure.

Findern

Inclosure.

The I -orth have agreed to the kill, uhituled; An Act of, he1 *i* of 'At*. rcl"iv« »*"* o(

for ettinguishing all Rights'of Sheepwlfc, Common, ln.dolur'’> been complied vnth; and I that the Com- 6 r >mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found tfre same to Be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee,* and that the Committee had gone through tile Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they'had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Keport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the CJprk’s Table: Where the

and Shackage, in and over the Common Fields and Half-Year Lands, lying witbift the Parishes of Satthcife and Killing, in the County of Norfolk, and for dividing and allotting certain Warrens, Heaths, Commons,

Waste I^ands, and Commonable Grounds, within the said Parishes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ah A&

for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, -. . .

Open Fields, and Common Paftnres, its the Liberty of Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

rUrn, in he Parish of AlickUovh. and County of Second 1 me. One by One; and, upon the Quest.on - 7 (evcrally put thereupon^ were agreed to by the Housev

Onslow’*

Marriage

Settlement.

Derby, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And alto.

The lairds have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Ord, Esquire, and John , Esquire, lYultees named in the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the Honourable Thomas Qnjlow with Arabella his now Wife, to fell the Rents, Services, Duties, Reliefs, Heriots, and other Dues and Payments payable, or to be performed or rendered, by the Tenants of the several Manors or Lordships comprized in the said Settlement, and to er.franchise the Copyhold Tenements held of such Manors or Lordships; and for laying out the Money which shall arise by such Sale and Enfranchisement in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses to which the said Manors or Lordships do now stand settled; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Account t

Great

Wardrobe

Oftce.

The Houfiubeing informed, that Mr. . one of the Clerks of the Great Wardrobe, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Aq Account of ti:~ Fees paid at the Exchequer, and other Offices, from the Great Wardrobe, between the ioth OFiobtr 1777 and the 10th a77S.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments; be

ingossed.

’ An ingrossed Bill, for Building a Bridge across the River fVye, between Whitney and Clifford, in the County of Hereford, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following Were several/y p to be mide to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2.J. 9. To leave out the leepnd and;’*

I. 10. After " impow'ered" to insert tl and

" required . within the Space of " Three Years next after the passing of rbis, A<ft-"

J. 17. After "Carriages" to in

"keep the same in good Repair for ever:"

And the said Amendments weft, upon the Questiofi severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. ., .

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Titjp be. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Wye, between WAitney and Gifford^ in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wye kint Bridge.

Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures; -Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and wirhin the Manor and Parish of Thrapften, in the County of Northampton; which BUI was Y efterday reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

of

Norwich

and

Pellowes

Estates.

The Lord by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty; having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Cod-Sir Edward A ft ley reported from the Committee, to sent, as far as His Majesty’s Intereli is concerned, that

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement made between the Lord Bishop of and

F.squire, for the Exchange of certain Estates in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee hail examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satis-taction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment r And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was resd-the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats.

Ordered, That Sir Eft-ward Act ley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint 'them, that this House hath agreed to the lane, without any Amendment.

VOL. T7- - - . -

the House may do therein as they /hail think fir.

A Petition of His Majesty’s loyal Protestant Subjects, Inhabitants of the City of Rochester and Places adjacent, subscribed by One thousand Nine hundred

and Sixty-two Names, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, len/ible of the many Blessings which, as Protestalits and Britons they enjoy, cannot but be alarmed at an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present jesty, repealing certain Penalties and Disabilities poled on the Papists, by a Statute enacted in tit Eleventh and Twelfth Years of IOil Ham the Third, for further preventing the Growth of Pand that-it is with the deepest Concern they petition the against a Law which has already received the Royal Allen11 but, as this Act was so Hidden,

and

Roman

CathoJlqt.

78° i r Jprilis. \ ji- 1780.

and fohaftily passed, before the Sense of the Nation at , That the Bill do‘f>afs: And that the Title

Marge could be obtained, or any Opposition formed be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and against-it, they are encouraged to hope, that this Ap- Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea-plication will not prove too late for Redress; and that, dows, and other Compionable Lands and Grounds, of notwithstanding the late Ad might be intended to re- and within the Manor' and Parish of in the

peal‘Only detached Parts of a fingie Statute, the Peti- County of Northampton.

tioners conceive, that it is an absolute Repeal of the Ordered, That Mr do carry the Bill to the

tpost essential Clauses in that Statute, and will operate Lords, and desire their Concurrence, virtually to render those Acts against the Papists, that

arc yet unrepealed, of no Effect; and that the Peti- An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and tioners apprehend, that the Papists construe the late In- Powers ot an Act,-made in the Thirty-first Year of the dulgence of Parliament to be a Toleration of Popery, Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, as appears by the Mals Houses and Schools which they " An Act for repairing and widening the Road from are opening throughout the Kingdom, and by their " the Town of to The Directing Post near

printing Popish Books, and publicly exposing them to " the Town of Farnham, in the County of Surrey" Sale; and that Popish Bishops, Priests, Jesuits, and was read it he Third Time.

Schoolmasters, now openly exercise their Fundions, -That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

whereby the People, especially the Riling Generation, be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an 'are 'in Danger of being led into Superstition, Idola- Ad, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his try, and Rebellion; and that, as Papists can now pur- Majesty King the Second, intituled, "An Ad

chafe what Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, they " for repairing and widening the Road from the Town please, and inherit the fame, they will thereby influence " of Guldeford to The Directing Post near the Town of our Elections in future Parliaments, which must tend to " Farnham, in the County of Surrey." the Destruction of our happy Constitution; and that. Ordered, That Mr. Norton do carry the Bill to the as Papists can now, by legal Authority, confess the Ec- Lords, and desire their Concurrence, clefiastical or Spiritual Jurisdiction of the Pope'and

-See of Rome, which our Laws, before the passing of the Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, late Ad, have constantly disavowed, the Petitioners are to whom the Bill for repairing, lighting, watching, and very much alarmed, left they should be involved in the cleaning, in the County of Middlesex,

Guilt of Perjury, when called to declare, upon Oath, and also Bull Tard, Yard, the North Side of that no Foreign Prince, Person, Prelate, State, or Po- Fans , Mount and IVillovj Court; and for re--tentate, hath any Jurisdiction or Authority, Ecclesiasti- moving Nuisances therefrom, and preventing the like cal or Spiritual, in this Realm; and that Popery is in for the future, was committed; That the Committee had its Nature intolerant, in a Protestant Country seditious, examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the and in this Kingdom disaffected to the present reigning same to be true; and that the Committee had gone Family, and therefore to encourage it tends to the Sub- through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-versiondf the State* tb dethrone the King, and to let unto; which they had directed him to report to the Wide the Successkm 6fIthe illustrious House of Han- House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af-over to the Crown of this Kingdom; and that, as Eng- terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at land and Scotland are united* the Petitioners cannot but the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once ‘th'inW it a Hardship upon Ih6 People of England to have read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by ‘PopepyeoUntcnancisd-amoBgthem-by Law, when their One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Brethren.in Scotland have been officially allured, that rto were agreed to by the House.

Law shalt be macte to fevdtir Popery in that Country; Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and the Petitioners prefurrie, that t-heir peaceable De- ingrafted, portment, and the constitutional Steps they have taken '

to obtain. Redrels,' will, meet with the Approbation of A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and this honourable Houses and that the Petitioners do not- others, of the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, whole defice to persecute the Papists, but to preserve them- Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the selves and their Posterity from a Repetition of those re- House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of ,belliaus and bloody Scenes which Popery, under Pre- Leave granted by the House on the 29th Day of tence of promoting the Interest of the Church, has ex- last. Notices have been given of the Application to hibited in these Kingdoms.; Wherefore, to preserve the Parliament, for repairing the Road branching out of the Succession of the illustrious HoOfe of Hanover in the Turnpike Road, at or near Ty-Maen, in the Parish

Protestant Line, and to secure our Civil and Religious of Whit ford, in the said County of and ex-

Liberties against the Encroachments of Popery to the tending to the Town of Abergeley, in the said County latest Posterity, the Petitioners humbly pray, That leave of Denbigh, in such and the like Manner as are required may. be given to bring iaa Bill to repeal the Act lately to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of passed in Favour of the Papists.. the 2 5th of April 17 74, relative to Turnpike Bills: And

Ordered, M’hat the said Petition do lie upon the therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring

Tablet j in a Bill for repairing the said Road, by such Ways and

I Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think

Member* - 'Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to proper. t Quoli£cation.;explain apd amend the several Acts, for securing the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the - Freedom of Parliament, by farther extending the Qua- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-lification for Members to fit in the House of Commons, mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall and rendering the same more effectual: And that Mr. appear to them, to the House;

Strutt> Mr. Bramston, and Sir George Tange, do prepare. And it is referred to Sir Charles Bunbwy, Mr. Harry,

nd bring in, the fame. &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow M rning, at

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and

Thrapston A,n ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-Inclosurt. Open and'Common Fields, Common Pastures, Com- cords.

,m«n Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and.

Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Mr. Hartley presented to the House, according to Thrapfion, in the County..of Northampton, was read the Order, a Bill for the better^ securing the Freedom of {Third Time.' Parliament by excluding certain Placemen from fitting

in

Guldeford

and

Farnham

Road.

Goswell

Street

Paving,

Ty-Maen

Road.

Excluding certain Placemen from fitting in Parliament.

- ao Geo. III. ii° — i:

in the House of Commons: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Sevennight, the 20th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Iaprifomoent The Order of the Day being read, for taking into «fDebtors. furtjier Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the " imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors,

who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Ad, to make Discovery of, and w deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit," was committed;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Armjr The House was moved. That the Order made Yester-

Extras. day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Monday Morning next, to examine into the Account of the Distribution of the Sum of f. 1,000,000, granted to His Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, to defray extraordinary Expences; and into the Account of the Extraordinaries of the Army for the Year 1779; an<3 to consider of the most proper Methods for limiting the Expence of the Army to tire Grants of Parliament, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Instant resolve

itself into the said Committee.

Supply. Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Six hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Lieutenant Colonel s Corps, from the 24th Day of February 1780 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 305 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand One hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pe ncc, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of One additional Troop, with a Lieutenant Colonel, to Lieutenant Colonel Holroycf s Corps of Light Dragoons, from the 25th Day of December 1779 to the 24th Day of December 1780, both inclusive, being 366 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Twelve thousand Nine hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds Nine Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Major General Rainsjords Regiment of Foot, from the 24th Day of February 1780 to the

Yol. 37.

0 Aprilis. 781

24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 305 Days.

Reflved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Six hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Lieutenant Colonel Humberfone's Corps, from the 24th Day of February ifoo to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 303 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-seven thousand Seven hundred and Eighteen Pounds, be granted to His Majesty upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Out Pensioners of C for the Year 1780.

Reflved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-leven Pounds Four Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Expences of the ntw Roads of Communication and building Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1780.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,'agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12° die Aprilis, Anno 200 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Mold, &c.

Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Roa<is*

Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 4< An Atl for u amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the " Roads from the Town of Mold to the Town of " Denbigh^ and from thence to TVII y Cafn and Conzvay, " and from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns <3f " Ruthin and "Denbigh, and the Town and Port of 11 Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and " Carnarvonas relates to the Road from Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin and Denbigh, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his lute Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Mold to Denbigh, and from thence to Fal y Cafn and Conway, and from Wrexham to Ruthiny Denbigh, and Rhydd/an, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon, as relates to the Road from Wrexham to Den-high.

Ordered, That Sir Watkin Williami Wynn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain NorthwocA Common called Northwood or Northwood Common, in lodofur*. the Township of Nokey in the Parish of Pembridge, in the County of Hereford, was read the Third Time.

Refo/vedy That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common called Nort/nvood or Northwood Common, in the Township of Nokey in the Parish of Pcmbridge, in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

9N

Jcicenham

Inclosure.

TeiTtriff

and

Hopton

Inclosure.

Accounts: Seamen discharged and Impress Service.

fees of the Paymaster General,

783 i i* Aprilis.1780.

Mr. W00J reported rrom the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Ickenliam, in the County of was committed;

That (he Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found tl\e same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Persons, Proprietors of 159 Acres of Land; and also except the Proprietor of Two Acres, who did not chuse to lign the Bill, but had no Objection to the Inclosure; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed, consists of 701 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open, Common, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Teirtrijf, and also a certain Parcel Open, Common,

and Waste Land, called Gw within the Manor of Hopton, in the County of Montgomery, was read the Third Time.

ResolveJ, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open, Common, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Teirtrijf', and also a certain Parcel of Open, Common, and Waste Land, called Givern-y-Mynydd, within the Manor of Hopton, in the County of Montgomery.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of I..ord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented ’ to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Men discharged un-lerviceable from His Majesty’s Ships or Hospitals in Great Britain, between the ift of January and the 31st of December 1779: And also.

An Account of the Number and Rank of the Officers and Men employed on Shore in the Impress Service of the Navy, and of the Number of Men raised by them, at each Port and Place, between the 1 ft January and the 31st December 1779; with an Account of the Expence attending the fame, specifying the Allowance made by the Day, or otherwise, to each Officer and Man, as far as the same can be made up: And also.

An Account of the Number and Rank of the Officers and Men employed in Tenders in the Impress Service of the Navy, and Number of Men raised by them between the 1 ft of Jamary and the 31st of December 1779, with an Account of the Expence attending the said Service, as far as the same can be made up.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. vI'he said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Rigby presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " A Return to an Order of the " honourable House of Commons, of the 2d of March " 1780, lb far as it relates to the Fees and Perquisites " received at the Paymufter General’s Office, on the

" lflfue and Expenditure of f.3,485,027. 8; 7 re-

" ceived at the Exchequer, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary Services of the Army, from " 1777 tb Michaelmas 1778, and signed by the respeo " tive Officers receiving such Fees and Perquisites; together with the Fees and Salaries of the said Officers."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Manu- Halifax, fasturers, Traders, Landowners, and others, Inhabitants &c. of Halifax, Bradford, Kigh/ey, Bingley, and other Parishes Small and Places within the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Ye.r of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, and other Places within the said West Riding; and that the said Act, so far as relates to the Court of Requests thereby authorized to be holden, has been put in Execution in a very arbitrary if not illegal Manner, and several Persons, becoming the Objects of it, have had many Acts of Severity and Oppression exercised upon them; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the said Act, so far as' relates to the said Court of pequests, should be very materially altered arid amended, to make it in any Degree answer the Intention of the Legislature in passing it, which the Petitioners presume was for promoting Industry, and encouraging useful Credit within its Limits, instead whereof, it has beeh found to be very injurious; and submitting to the House, that in case the said Act, so far as relates to the said Court of Requests, cannot be altered and amended, so as to make it conducive to the good Ends thereby intended, whether the same ought not to be repealed; and the Petitioners are informed, that Application has been made to the House on the above Subject: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief therein as shall appear reasonable and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the riiore easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifa, Bradford, KigJiley, Bingley, Guifely, Calverley, Batley, Mirfield,

Hartjhedd cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirk-burton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York-, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Ditto. Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and Farmers, residing within the Parishes of Halifax,

Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guife/ey, Calverley, Batley,

Birfla/l, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lord-

ship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, whole Names are thereto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon Thursday last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley,

Bingley, Guifely, Calverley, Batley, Birflall, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, be read a

Second

20 Geo. III.

12° Jprilis.

Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against' the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill beread a Second Time upon Friday Sevennight, the 21st Day of this Instant April.

Expenditure A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, Com-of monalty, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of IVal-Public Money. ling ford, in the County of Berks, was pretented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That this Nation hath been engaged for several Years in a most expensive and unfortunate War; that many of our valuable Colonies having actually declared themselves independent, have formed a thrift Confederacy with France and Spain, the dangerous and inveterate Enemies of Great Britain; that the Consequence of those combined Misfortunes hath been a large Addition to the National Debt, a heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of Trade, Manufactures, and Land Rents of the Kingdom: Alarmed at the diminithed Resources and growing Burthens of this Country, and convinced that rigid Frugality is now indispensably necessary in every Department of the State, your Petitioners observe, with Grief, that, notwithstanding the calamitous and impoverished Condition of the Nation, much Public Money has been improvidently Iquandered, and that many Individuals enjoy finecurc Places, efficient Places with exorbitant Emoluments, and Pensions unmerited by Public Service, to a large and ltill increasing Amount, whence the Crown has acquired a great and unconstitutional Influence, which, if not checked, may loon prove fatal to the Liberties of this Country; Your Petitioners, conceiving that the true End of every legitimate Government is not the Emolument of any Individual, but the Welfare of the Community, and considering that, by the Constitution of this Realm, the National Purle is intruded, in a peculiar Manner, to the Custody of this honourable House, beg Leave further to represent, that, until effectua) Mcalures be taken to redress the oppressive Grievances herein stated, the Grant of any additional Sum of Public Money, beyond the Produce of the present Taxes, will be injurious to the Rights and Property of the People, and derogatory from the Honour and Dignity of Parliament: Your Petitioners, therefore, appealing to the Justice of this honourable House, do moll earnestly rc-quest. That before any new Burthens are laid upon this Country, effectual Measures may be taken, by this House, to enquire into, and correct, the grot's Abuses 1 in the Expenditure of Public Money, to reduce all

| exorbitant Emoluments, to rescind and abolish all fine-

I cure Places and unmerited Pensions, and to appropriate

' the Produce to the Necessities of the State, in such

Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall feein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of York, and several other Petitions, are referred.

Findem The House proceeded to take into Consideration, Inclosure. the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in-tiruled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

! the Commons, Open Fields, and Common Pastures, in

the Liberty of Findern, in the Parish of MicUeover, and I County of Derby.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth i viz.

Pr. 44. 1. 27. Leave out from " And" to " Be" in Prd's 45, Line 17; and in the same Line, leave out " there-"-fore;" and all'o in the same Line, leave out from " that " to w the " in Line 22.

Yo*. 37*

Pr. 46. 1. 16. Leave out from " Successors " to the first " the " in Line 1.8. Pr. 47. 1. 37. Leave out from " satisfied" to " And " in Press 48, Line 15; Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevenhight.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That a Committee be apflointed* to examine the Journals of this Housej for Precedents of Amendments made by the Lords to Bills of Inclosure; and to teport the same to the House.

The House divided;

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Y*eas,{ of

\ Lord George Gordon

Tellers for the Noes Sir

letters for the iNoes, Mf;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Grey , the Lord Advocate of Scotland, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord* Amendments to Bills of Iselo&rel *

6t.

A Petition of the Tradesmen and Manufacturers re- - -siding in the Western Division of the Hundred of Brix-ton, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the by House, and read , Setting forth. That the Court efta- blished by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the a‘ Reign of King George the Second, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the said Wei-tern Division of the Hundred of has been of

great Utility to Artificers and Labourers, as well as to the Tradesmen and Manufacturers residing within the said Division, the former being protested from the excessive Expences to which they were subject by Suit* for Small Debts in the Superior Courts, and the Danger of perpetual Imprisonment for the fame, and the latter relieved from the many LoffeS they formerly sustained for Want of an adequate Remedy for the Recovery of such Debts; and taking Notice of the Bill to exempt from Imprisonment the Bodies of Defendants^ liable to be imprisoned, by Precepts, or other Process,1 issuing out of Courts etefted by Acts of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts) and alleging, that, if the said Bill should pass into a l^aw, the Petitioners apprehend the intended good Purposes of the said Court will be in great Measure prevented from taking Effect, by reason the Creditor will be without a Remedy, where no Goods belonging to the Debtor can be found, which is most frequently the Cafe, and where any are found they are claimed by the Landlord, or if taken away by either of such Meansj the unhappy Defendant and Family are frequently left without a Bed, whertas the Terror of a Gaol being held out to them, they most commonly submit to the Direction of the Court to pay their Debts by Instalments, which are always proportioned to the Debtor’s Circumstances and Weekly Earnings, which Indulgence enables the sober and induttrious Poor to avoid an Execution,-and those who are willing, and, by their Industry, endeavour to maintain their Families, and pay their Debts, are neither subject to Imprisonment, or any other Hard-ship, under the Process of the said Court, and that the poorer Sort of People cannot always support themselves and Families without the Assistance of a small Weekly;

Credit, particularly in Cafes of Sickness, or Want of Employment: And therefore praying. That the said Bill for exempting the Bodies of Defendants from, being taken in Execution upon Process Issuing out of the Court of Itequests, may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term Bwelf

and Road,.

G-

784

12° Aprilis.

Ak 1780.

Snd Powers of an Act, nude in the Twenty-eighth Year Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in the Parishes of and Sandy, in the County of

intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keep- Bedford-, without any Amendment: And also,

ing in Repair, the Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

*' to Tooling, and from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames for converting into Money the Statute Labour in the . " and Thames Ditton, in the County of Surrey,"and Stewarfry of Kirkcudbright, for the Purpose of repairing

for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries within the said Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ezoell Stewartry, without any Amendment: And also.

Common Vietds, to the RyegateTurn pike Road on Borough The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Heath, in the said County, is committed. to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, one made

in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Ma-fcin&’j Bench A Petition of the Prisoners of the King's Bench Prison, jesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein

Knon.^ confined for Debt within the Walls of the fame, was mentioned, in the Counties of Southampton and;

presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the and the other, made in the Second Year of toe Reign confined State of the said Prison, and of various Abuses of His present Majesty, to amend the said former Ait; in the Oondud and Management thereof, and ot great and for amending and widening the Road betwecd Ring-Oppre(lions upon the Petitioners, which they alledge to wood Gate, in the County of Southampton, to be committed by Benjamin Thomas, Esquire, the Marshal bridgeand from thence to the great Western Road bc-> of the said Prison, and his Deputy and Keepers; and tween a Place called and Cashmore Inn, so

praying Relief. far as the said Two Acts relate to the Fifth Division of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Road directed to be repaired arid widened by the said Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- la ft mentioned Ail; without any Amendment: And mine the.Matter thereof; and repprt the fame, as it shall also,

appear to them, to the House. The Lords have pi did a Bill, intituled, An Act for

And it is referred to Sir Herbert Mackworth, Sir naturalizing to which the Lords desire

\ Charles Bunbury, See.: And they are to meet To- the Concurrence of this House: And also, morrow Morning, at Kine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s The Lords have pallid a Bill, intituled, An Act to Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, effhil an Exchange between Sir James Peachey, Baronet, and Records; and all, who come to the Committee, are and others, Trustees of an Almshouse, or House of to have Voices. Charity, at Petwerlh, in the County of Sussex, and

Obrien Earl of Egremont, of cert am Lands and Tene-

MarHialfea

Prison.

New Goal Southwark.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the ASarfhalfea Prison, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the ruinous, dangerous, and unwholesome State of the said Prison, and of great Hardships they suffer from the Milconduit of the Renter of the said Prison, and the ill Usage of the Turnkey; and praying Relief.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt within the Ptifon of the New Gaol, Southwark, was also presented to the House, and read; Complaining of Impositions in respeil to Rent and Fees exailed from them by Mr. Benjamin Hall, Keeper of the said Prison; and also, of his fullering Felons, who can pay for such Indul* gencies, to obtrude upon the Petitioners, and of their being refused the Liberty of earning their Subsistence, without submitting to the Payment of Half their Earnings to the said Keeper; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And they are to examine the Matters of thele Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the Solicitors of the Treasury and Admiralty, and their Deputies, do lay before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money received and paid by them on Account of Law Charges, and the Names Admiralty, of the Persons to whom such Sums have been paid, from the 25th of March 1773, to the 25th of March 178 o; distinguishing each Year, and specifying the Services for which l’uch Sums have been paid.

Account: Solicitors of the Treasury and

Encouragement

of

Seamen.

Biefton,

See.

In closure.

A Mcfiage from the Lords, by Mr. Ho/ford and Mr.

Angtd/h:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Stamm, and the more speedy and effectual Manning " His Majesty’s Navy,’' and for making further Provisions for those Purposes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common

ments belonging to the said Charity, for other Lands and Tenements belonging to the said Earl of Evremovt-, to

ij vie p ’

which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lloufo, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of such Monies as remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1780, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, exclusive of the Surplus Monies then remaining of the Sinking Fund, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the' Money remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of 1780, fer-

tile Disposition of Parliament, of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Surplus that remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 3th Day of April 1780, of the Deductions ot Six Pence in the Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satisfying all Annuities and other Charges then due and payable out of the lame, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House relbived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they , had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

I. %

Kirkcudbright

Stewartry

Highways,

*c.

Ring wood Gae Ruadj,

JLocbees

iMat.

Perworth

Charity,

See.

Exchange.

Way* and Mtram.

1

J

20 Geo. III. 12° — 130 Aprilis.

Refulved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Dutws o« 1 The L°rc^ Northpresented to the House, according Malt, &c. to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low Wines and Spirits ma le for Home Consumption, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britaiand upon the Produce of the said several Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, vending, or felling of, Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Commissioner* Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Public ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Accounts. House, upon the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what. Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service; and what Defeats there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for, Public Money, and in what more expeditious and effectual, and lei's expensive, Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public.

Rtgalation Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole civil House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Re-stiaMithmcnu. gulation of His Majesty’s Civil Establishments, and of certain Public Offices; for the Limitation of Pensions, and the SuppreCion of sundry useless, expensive, and - inconvenient Places; and for applying the Monies saved

thereby, to the Public Service.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow.

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisj 130 die Aprilis;

Anno 20° Georgii III1'1 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

Ickentiam A N ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Iodofure. x\ Common Fields and Commonable Lands within the Parish of Ickenham, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, within the Parish of in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. George Venables Vernon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

GoAvcII An ingrossed Bill for repairing, lighting, watching, S'rwt and cleansing, G 0fuel I Street, in the County of Mid* aving,&c. dlesex, and also Bull Tard the North

Side of Fan's Alley, Blount and Willow Court; and for removing Nuifences therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing, lighting, watching, and cleansing, the High Street or Road called Goswell Street, leading from AldersgateBars without London, to

Vol. 37.

the House of Woodhouse Coker, Gentleman, near the Turnpike at the End of the said Street or Road, in the County of Middlesex', and alto Bull Tard, Glass~ house Yard, the North Side of Fan's Alley, Mount Mill,1 and Willow Court, contiguous to the said Street or Road, on the East and West Sides thereof; and for removing Nuisances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Parish of Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to Shepperton, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several' Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Land Owners, and others; whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish of Shepperton, in the County of A dlesex-, and also the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Land Owners, and others, whose Names' are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish of Sunbury, in 1 he County of Middlesex-, and also, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Land Owners, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish of Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surrey-, and also, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Land Owners, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; being Inhabitants of the Parish of Weybridge, in the County of Surrey, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had: examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hint to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; and who were impowered to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry; and had come to several other Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That lo much of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " allowing the Cloathing and Accoutrements necessary " for His Majesty’s Forces, paid out of His Majesty’s " Revenues arifingin the Kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the Places where such Forces are " ordered to serve; and for granting a Bounty upon Flax " Seed, imported into Ireland, for a limited Time," as relates to the granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland for a limited Time, which was to continue in Force for Two Years, from the ift Day of January 1776, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also that

9 O another

Walrdrt upon Thatne* . Bridge,

Expiring

Laws.

78 6

15* Aprilis.

A, i 780.

another Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign a Petition has been prefen ted by as

of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for grant* Agent to the Merchants of Liverpool and

" ing a Bounty upon Flax Seed, the Growth of the Bating* that a Bill is depending in the House, to per-

" United Provinces, or of the Aiiflrian Netherlands, im- mit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain " ported into Ireland, for a limited Time.’’ which was Places within The Levant and Mediterranean Seas, to to continue in Force for Two Years, from the 1 ft Hay be imported into Great Britain, in or Foreign

of 1776, and from thence to the End of the then Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, lor a Time to be

next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, limited; and desiring to be heard, by his C'oun'cl, on made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His pre- Behalf of the Merchants of Liverpool and 'Lamaster sent Majesty, was further continued for the Term of and that such Provision may be made in the said Bill, Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then to declare that the same Hi all not extend to permit the next Session of Parliament, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Refelved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regu-a. lating the Diligence of the Law by Arrestment and *< Poinding, and for extending the Privilege of Bills Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain *< to Promissory Notes, and for limiting Actions upon or Ireland, in or Foreign Vessels, from any Place

" Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great whatsoever, for a Time to be limited, is committed; and Britain called Scotland," which was to continue in that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before Force for Seven Years, from the 15th Day of May the said Comfftittee, in Support of the said Bill, if they 1772, and from thence to the End of the then next think fit.

Importation of Cotton Wool, as the House may think proper: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, in Support of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within The Levant or

Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was postponed.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to

their Order,

A State of Fees and Perquisites received by the

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lords of the Treasury, read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put there- c ' * J-

upon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution which has been agreed to by the House:

And that Mr. Ord and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the Whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the First Resolution of the said Committee, and which has been postponed.

Old (Win ford lucloiuro.

A Petition of Thomas Mil Esquire, on Behalf of himself and others, Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Parish of Oldjichford, in the County of //'orcester, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of

Oldftvinfordyin the County of iVorcester; and Setting forth. That the said Bill contains several Provisions highly prejudicial to the Rights and Interest of the Petitioner, and others, Owners of Land and Tenements in the said Parish: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or Count'd, against such Part8 of the said BH1 as may affect him; and that the feme may not pass as it now Bands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admir Counsel to be heard, at the feme time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Secretaries, and Four Chief Clerks, and the Mode in which tire feme are received and applied: And also,

An Account of Money received by Rowe,

out of Civil List Revenues at the Exchequer, and Payments made of the lame, lor the Relief of American Sufferers, within the Year ending 10th 1778:

And also,

N° 1. An Account of Fees and Perquisites received, and Services performed, by James Royer, as a Clerk in the Treasury: And also,

N° 2. A like Account from BeldamAnd

also,

N° 3. A like Account from Edward And

also,

N° 4. A like Account from Thomas Cotton: And also,

N* c.

Fees of the

Chancellor of the Exchequer.

Account: Mon.y paid to American Sufferers.

Accounts: Fees of T reafu y Clerks.

1

jr

ith:

And also,

N° 6. A

And also.

like Account from Edward Chamberlayne like Account from John Martin Leake:

N° also, N* also, N®

7. A like Account from William And

8. A like Account from Thomas Dyer: And

9. A

like Account from Geo

Account: X)>itics on Sweets.

import of

Goods

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties on Sweets for Twenty Years iaft past; distinguishing each Year.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into The Levant Seas, was

And also,

N° 10. A like Account from William And also,

N° 11. A like Account from George Trenchard

enough: And also,

N° 12. Alike Account from Bryan And

also,

JV 13. A like Account from

Together with a Schedule of the said State and Accounts.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said State and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The feid State and Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Manufac- Imprisonment turers, and Artificers, whole Names arc thereunto ot J-)Lcbu,"

Levant.' presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That subscribed, residing in the County of Midd/eJ'ex, was smalt Debts

presented Court.-.

20 Geo. III. 13b JpriltL787

preferred to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Proceedings in County Courts, in Actions where the Debt or Damages did not amount to Forty Shillings, having been found vexatious, expenftve, and dilatory, an Act was passed in the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for preventing Delays and Expences in the Proceedings in the County Court of and for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the said County Court; whereby the said Court was authorized to proceed in a luminary Way, and to fit Weekly, and to effectuate the Orders made in the said Court, in pursuance of the said Act, by committing the Parties refuting to abide by such Orders to the County Gaol, or any other Common Gaol within thfe laid County, for the Space of Three Months, provided that if the Person so committed should sooner perform such Order, he should be discharged; and taking Notice of the Bill to exempt from Imprisonment the Bodies of Defendants, liable to be imprisoned by Precepts, or other Process, issuing out of Courts erected by Acts of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts; and alledging, that the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will defeat the salutary Provisions of the said Act, render the Orders made in the County Court of Middlesex, in pursuance thereof, ineffectual, and deprive the Petitioners of the Benefits intended by the said Act, and arising from the Exercise of the Powers given by the said Act to the County Court of Middlesex: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, in respect to the said County Court of Middlesex.

A Petition of the Tradesmen and Manufactureers re’s tiding in the Hundred of of Bromley And

Beckenham, of Ruxley, and Little and LeJTnefe, in the County of Kent, and of the Hundred of in

the County of Surrey, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Court, established by the Acts of the Fifth and Sixth Years of His prefer:t Majesty, for the move easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the said Hundred, has been of great Utility to Artificers and Labourers, as well as to the Tradesmen and Manufactureers residing within the said Districts, the former being protedled from the excessive Expences to which they were subject by Suits for Small Debts in the superior Courts, and the Danger of perpetual Imprisonment for the fame, and the latter relieved from the many Losses they formerly sustained, for Warit of an adequate Remedy for the Recovery of such Debts; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend, the intended good Purposes of the said Court will be in great Measure prevented from taking EfTedl, by Realbn the Creditor will be without a Remedy, where no Goods belonging to the Debtor can be found, which is most frequently the Cafe, and where any are found, they are claimed by the Landlord, or, if taken away by either of such Means, the unhappy Defendant and Family are frequently left without a Bed, whereas the Terror of a Gaol being held out to them, they most commonly fub-mit to the Direction of the Court, to pay their Debts by Instalrfients, which are always proportioned to the Debtors Circumstances and Weekly Earnings, which Indulgence enables the sober and induilrious Poor to avoid an Execution, and those who are willing, and by their Industry endeavour, to maintain their Families and pay their Debts, are neither subject to Imprisonment, or any other Hardship, under the Process of the said Courts; and that the poorer Sort of People cannot always support themselves and Families without the Assistance of a small Weekly Credit, particularly in Cafes of Sick-neis or Want of Employment; And therefore praying. That Provision may be made for exempting the Courts established within the said Hundreds from the Powers of the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to VOL. 37.

be referred to the Corsideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ah ihgrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Peuvotth to eft eft an Exchange between Sir James Peachy, Baronet, and others, Trustees of an Alms-house, or House of Charity, at Pelzcbrth, in the County of Sussex,

George Obrien Earl of Egremont, of certain Lands and Tenements belonging to the said Charity; for other Lands and Tenements belonging to the said Earl of Egremont, was read the Fird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order; reported from the Corri* Ways mitteeof the whole House, to whom it was referred to and Means: consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House;

Which he fead in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as folio wet h; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Six hundred and Fifty thousand Four hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and One Farthing, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1780, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surplusses, Excess’es, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called ’The Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to flis Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Five hundred and Sixty Pounds, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the $th Day of April 1780, of the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions; and Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after Satisfying all Annuities and other Charges then due and payable out of the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Three thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of 1780, subject

to the Disposition of Parliament, exclusive of the surplus Monies then remaining of the Sinking Fund.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

tlefolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- import of ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Goods from to consider of permitting Goods or Merchandize, of the Grenada. Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the Islands of.

Grenada or Grenadines, to be imported into any Neutral Ports in Neutral Ships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Supply Bill; Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty addi- Duties on tional Duties upon Salt, and for regulating the Exportation of Salt to The Ifee of Man, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Recruiting last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for re- the " pealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parlia- band Forces. > " ment.

Elections; disqualifying Revenue Officers.

Expenditure of the Public Money.

788 130 — 140 ^.1780.

ment, intituled, An Act for the more easy and better " recruiting of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, " and for mbftituting other and more effectual Provisions in the Place thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly \

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the Provisions of the said Act: And that Mr. Secretary at War and Sir John Wrottesleydo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Bill for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain Officers, employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty’s Revenues, from giving their Votes at such Elections, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Bill be committed;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Votes of the House, of the 6th Day of this Instant Aprils of the Resolution, " That it is necessary to declare, that the Influence of the Crown has increased, is increating, and ought to be diminished," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That the Bill for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain Officers, employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty’s Revenues, from giving their Votes at such Elections, be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas,£^j/ Trwttfitnd: } I?S'

Tel.er.for theNoe„{^^; }«4-

So it palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of York, and also the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 21st Day of this Instant resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-lider further of permitting the Importation of Cotton Wool in Neutral Ships from any Port of free

of Duty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris^ 140 die Aprilis;

Anno 20° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1780. Prayers.

THE House being informed that Sir William Chambers attended at the Door with several Accounts; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Money which has arisen from the Sale of Ely House, with it’s Application: And also,

An Account of the Money applied to carry on the Buildings at Somerset House, up to Anno

1779.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth;

An ACCOUNT of the Money which has arisen from the Sale of Ely , with it’s Application.

Ely House, after having been advertised and offered to Sale more than a Twelvemonth, was at length

Iiurchafed by Mr. Cole, a Builder, for fs. 10,600, in September 1776, and in December the same Year, 3,000, ’art of the rurchafe Money, were, by Order of Treasury, paid into my Hands, to be applied towards carrying on the New Buildings at Somerset House; the remaining £s. 7,600, which, by Agreement, should have been paid: in November 1778, are not yet paid; for the Purchaser having, on the stipulated Day of Payment, declared his Incapacity, the Lords of the Treasury agreed to his Request, which was, that instead of paying the whole /r. 7,600, he might be permitted to pay only/r. 1,600 then, and the Remainder by Instalments of 1,000, at the Distance of Six Months, with Interest thereon from the Date the Whole was due.

No Article, however, of this Second Arrangement has yet been fulfilled on the Part of the Purchaser, so that the whole Sum of ^r. 7,600, together with the Interest thereupon, from November 1778, remain still due.

William Chambers.

An

CiUof the Hwfe.

Import of Cotta Wool

Account*:

Sale of

Ely Haul:;

and

Building;

At

SometTft

Houic.

Account: Duties on eels.

20 Geo. III.

An ACCOUNT of the "Money received and applied to carry on the Buildings at Smerfet Hbife\

up to Christmasla'll, oy William Chambers.

1776. July 17th, Received at the Salt Office - *>

1777. M,v >3th. Ditto — - -

July 18th, Ditto

November 19th, Ditto - - - *

1778. January31st, Ditto -

April 10th, Ditto - - - - »

July totli and tyth. Ditto

October29th, Ditto - -

*779. January loth, Ditto - -

May 3d, Ditto - -

Augnftid, Ditto - * -

November24-th,- Ditto -

Total received at Salt Office -

>0

1,000

4.000

4.000

4.000

4.000

4.000

4.000

4.000

4.000

4.000

4, OQO

4,bob.

O'

46,0*0

1776. February 29th, Received-at the Stamp Office -777 - 'March 22d, Ditto - -

October4th, nth, and 17th, Ditto -i December loth,-and January id, Ditto *778*' March ^th and 12th Ditto -

May26th, Ditto -

September 10th, Ditto -December 17th, Ditto -779- March nth. Ditto -

June 23d, Ditto -

October 14th and 21ft, Ditto -

2,00c

3.000

4.000

4.000 4,oco 4,oco

4.000

4.000

4.000

4.000

4.000

Total received at Stamp Office -

1776. December 23d, Received of Cole, in Part, for Ely

Total received by William Chambers up to Christmas 1779

4t*oot>

3.000

90.000

William Chambers.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. lyaton, from the Commissioners of Excile, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account dfthe Amount of the Duty on Sweats, for Twenty Years last pall j distinguishing each Year. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read*

The said Account is as followed) j viz.

Vol. 37.

9P

An

79°

14° Aprilis.

A. 1780.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Duty on Sweets, for Twenty Years last pall; distinguishing

each Year.

r £ s. d.

1760 - - - 5*396 I 3r

- 1761 - - 5,9»9 16 n

1762 - m «i - 4.904 9 5

1763 - - - m 7.365 4 31

' 1764 - - - 5*9*3 3

' - 17^5 - - 4.87* 1

r -» 1766 - - 7,116 14 8*

- 1767 - - - 6,989 *3 2f

1768 - a* - - - 6,308 1 7

Year* ended the 5th July - - - ( 1769 i77° m 7,880* 8*57* .2 *3 A n

1771 9 - 9»°97 6

*772 urn ‘ - - 9.787 12 3i

1773 - - - 9,208 6 8

1774 m + - *0,642 12 81

1775 - m *.357 14 9

- 1776 - m 10,211 9 11

- 1777 - - - vm 8,t 12 18 3t

1778 - - m m - to*324 11 ii|

C '779 — m- I!,188 *9 7i

"V 161,173 *4 31

Excise Office,-

14 April 1780. R. Paten, General Accompt*.

- D. Papillon.

Geo. L. Scott. A. Lucas.

., „ ' IV. Lowndes.

W. Burrell.

St.

J. Powna/l.

H. Leg?e.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Im.-w. of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House from to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ortaada. to consider of permitting Goods or Merchandize,. of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the Islands of Grenada or Grenadines, to be imported into any Neutral Ports, in Neutral Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir. ’ Charles Banbury took the Chair of the Com-

rrcttce.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

.Sir Charles Banbury reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will pleate to receive the ume.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Banbury accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in

02

a Bill to protect Goods or Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the Islands of Grenada and the Grenadines, on board Neutral Vessels bound-to Neutral Ports;

And Sir Charles Banbury moved the 1 Joule accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to protect Goods or Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the Islands of Grenada and the Grenadines, on board Neutral Vessels b( und to Neutral Ports: And that Sir Charles Banbury, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Dempster, and Sir James Cockburne, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled, "An Act to repeal an Act, made in the " Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. The Matter of the Rolls impowered " to make Leases for Years, io order to new build the " old Houses belonging to the Rolls; and for the *f better regulating the Method of granting Leases of the

The Rons Eltue.

io Geo. III.

140 Aprilis.

791

Account: Building*

Somerset

House.

Ditto: Plao and EAimate*.

" the said Rolls Estate for the future; and for making " Compensation to the Earl of Macclesfield and Sir " Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial Rights and Interests in certain Leases made of the Rolls Estate; " and for regulating the Method of making Leases '* of the said Estate for the future*" was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Lame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once . read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing in what Manner the Sum of 90,000 (mentioned in the Account presented this Day to have been received by Sir William Chambers) has been applied in the Buildings of Somerset , and what Pro-grels has been made in that Work.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the several Plans and Estimates which have been made for the Buildings at Somerset House, and the Sums that will be further necessary for completing the fame, according to such Estimates.

Foreign The House was moved. That the Report, which. Linens, upon the 10th Day of March last, was made from the L^c*’* Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Merchants and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Collumpton, in the County of Devon; and also the Petition of the principal Merchants and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Manufac-. turers of the Town of Wellington, in the County of Somerset, were severally referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Oidered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petitions were referred.

Roman A Petition of His Majesty’s Loyal ProtcAant Sub-Catkolics. jecfcs of the Town of Fol, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, sensible of the many Blessings which as Protestants and Britons they enjoy, cannot but be alarmed at an Act, passed tn the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, repealing certain: Penalties and Disabilities imposed on the Papilb,. by a Statute enacted in the Eleventh and Twelfth. Years of William the Third, for further preventing the Growth . of Popery j and that it is with thedeepeft Concern they petition the House against a Law which has already . received the Royal Assent; but as this Act was so suddenly introduced, and so hastily passed, before the Sense of the Nation at large could be obtained, or any Opposition formed against it, they are encouraged to hope that this, together with many other Applications, will not prove too late for Red refs.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

'Adjourn- Resolved, That this Iloufe will, at the Riling of the ment, House this Day, adjourn , till Monday Scvennight, the 24th Day of this Instant April.

Y0L.37.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Yes- Call of terday, for adjourning the Call of the House till that tIl« House. Day Sevennight, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Monday Sevennight, the 24th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, Committees, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- Expenditure night, the 24th Day of this Instant at Twelve

of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the " Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Turk, and alto the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- Supply Bill r night, the 24th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself Dutie* on into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill Advertise-for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on ment *

Advertisements, and certain Duties on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate, divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- Supply Bill> night, the 24th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom, and upon Coals exported to Foreign Parts.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- State of the night, the 44th Day of this Instant April, resolve irlelf into, a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the War.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven- vVayr triti

night, the 24th Day of this Instant April, resolve itfejf Mean*, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill for granting to His Majesty supply BUI: additional Duties Upon Malt, and upon Low Wines jSoties on and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and upon Malt, Ac. Foreign Spirits imported into Great , and upon the Produce of the said several Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by act Persons trading in, vending, or felling oc, Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate; be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 24th Day of this Instant April.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, the 24th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Sevennight, the 24th Day of this Instant April, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Supply.

79*

a 40 Aprilis-

A. 1780.

T1

huruB) 24* Apr ills;

Anno 20* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1780. Prayers.

HE House being informed that Mr. Gray, from Mr. Auditor Shelley's Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Account: An Account of the Business transacted, and of the

Fee* of the Fees and Perquisites claimed and taken, in the Office of Henry Shelley, Esquire, One of the Auditors of, His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, for the several Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, Derby, and Chester.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. . < The fuid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Fees of tl* Deputy ChamJxriaifi* of rne Exchequer.

Auditor of the Exchequer,

and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Fees taken by the Deputy Cham; herlains of the Exchequer, on the several Sums of Money received there, between Michaelmas 1777 and ]S licit aelmas 1778.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the ‘House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Benjamin ThomMarshal of the

.King’s Bench Prison, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That the Petitioner is informed, a Petition has been presented from Come of the Prisoners within the said Prison, containing various Complaints; and, amongst ether Allegations, some against the Petitioner, at which he is much hurt in his Mind, and

Petition from the Marshal of the

.conceives his Reputation is thereby attacked falsely and injuriously, and without any Cause for such Complaint The House being informed that Mr, Cray, from . against him: And therefore praying. That be play an-

i-'ees of the Chancellor of the exchequer.

Mr. Best, Deputy Secretary to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant -to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " A Return of the Salary, " Fees, and Perquisites, received by the Right ho-

fwer the Allegations of the said Petition, and that he may be heard by his Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Copfidera'iot) of the Committee, to whom the Petition of (he Prisoners of the King’s Bench Prison, confined for Debt within the Walls of the fame, is referred:

nourable the Chancellor of His Majesty’s Exchequer, - And. that the Petitioner be heard, by.his Coqnfel, before

his Secretary and Deputy Secretary, in the Year ended at Michaelmas 1778V with the Fees usually paid on Appointment to Offices; and an Explanation of the Service and Duty performed . by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, his Secretary and Deputy Secretary."

And then’ he withdrew.

And the Title of the (kid Paper was read.

the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That the said Committee do report their Opinion to . the House, upon the Matters contained in the several Petitions referred to their Confutation.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

Ordered, That the said Paper'do lie upon the Table, t thereunto subscribed, being inhabitants of the Hamlet

Mile End Foot.

to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the Papers of this Session.

other

The House being informed that Mr. Hojier, from Mr. Auditor West'S Office, attended at the Door; he

of Mile End Netv Town, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to ,the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is brought in, for paving and regulating the Streets and other Places within the said Hamlet, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the

Fee* of the

A uditor of the Exchequer,

was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, like for the future; and alledging, that the Street called pursuant to their Order, Great Garden Street, in the Pari Ih. of Saint Mary Matfellon

A State of the Fees taken and received in the Office otherwise Whitechapel, and leading out of Whitechapel of James West , Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Road into High Street, within the said Hamlet of Mi/e Court of Exchequer, from the Receivers and Collectors End New Town, would be a very convenient Way for

of Money raised upon the Public.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said State was read.

Ordered, That the said State do lie upon the Table, $p be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid State is. preserved -Smongst the Other Papers of this Session.

five House being informed that Mr. Alexander, from the Tally Cutters Office in the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, ar the Bar, presented to the Jloufe, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Fees taken by the Tally Cutter,

Carriages, if a free Passage was admitted through the fame, but which is now prevented by a Bar placed acroft the said Street: i^nd therefore praying, That Provision may be made, by the said Bill, for removing the said Bar, and that there may be a free Passage through the said Street in future.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Hamlet of Mile End New , in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex; for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and otbqr Open Passages and Places within the said Hamlet, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances

t ally Cutter on tl)e lcver.il Sums of Money received at His Majesty’s therefrom, and preventing the dike for the future; and of tue Exchequer, between Michaelmas 1777 and Michaelmas for consolidating the Highway Rates with the other kxcheqjtr. 1778. Rates within the said Hamlet, be read a Second

And then he withdrew. lime.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Hammond, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; l9

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Powers of Walton an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of his late "ponThjma Majesty King George the Second, for building a n Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Parish of Walton upon Thames, in the County of to Shep~

pert on, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

R/ohied,

ao Geo. III. 240 Ap 793

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of his hte Majesty King George the Second, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Parish of IVaiton upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petworth An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Charity to etheft an Exchange between Sir James Peachey,

Ex h' ^i e ParoncL and others, Trustees of an Alms House, or House of Charity, at Fe, in the County of and George Obrien Earl of of certain Lands

and Tenements belonging to the said Charity, for other Lands and Tenements belonging to the said Earl of E'rreniout. was read a Second Time.

Re/vlvcd, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mtizvbevy Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Onslow’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marriage to enable John Ord, Esquire, and John Tyton, Esquire, Settlement. Xraftees named in the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the honourable Thomas Onslow with Arabella his now Wife, to fell the Rents, Services' Duties, Reliefs, Heriots, and other Dues and Payments, payable, or to be performed or rendered, by the Tenants of the several Manors or Lordships comprized in the said Settlement; and to enfranchise the Copyhold Tenements held of such Manors or Lordships; and for laying out the Money which shall arise by such Sale and Enfranchisement, in the Purchase of other* Lands, to be settled to the Uses to which the said Manors or Lordships do now stand settled, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mazvbey, Mr. Tozvnjhend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lochee* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Man Act for naturalizing Lewis Lochee, was read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Warminster Mr. Penrnddock reported from the Committee, to Crdt whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Inclosure. Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, and Open Downs, within the Parishes of Warminster and Corfley, in the County of Wilts', and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Meadows and Common Pastures within the said Parishes, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Thomas Walter Lounge, Esquire, Lessee of the Impropriate Rectory or Parsonage of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, under the Dean and Chapter of Sarum, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had con side red the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; Voi». 37.

and an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord George Cavendijhreported from the Comrtiittee, Hilton to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Indofore. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common raf-tures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Hilton, in the Parish of Marjlott upon Dove, in the County of Derby, was committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with 5 and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conler.t to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 41 Acres and 3 Roods of Land, who refused to lign their Consent to the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of 74 Acres of Land, who declared themselves neuter; and that the Whole of the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided and inclosed by the said Bill, amount to 1037 Acres, or thereabouts} and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One , and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

J

Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, to whom Godin’s

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Name,

enable James Bigot, Esquire, an Infant (lately called James Godin) and the Heirs Male of his Body, and all other Persons who shall become entitled to the Estates late of Peter Bigot, Esquire, deceased, under the Limitations contained in his Will, to take and use the Surname of Bigot, pursuant to his laid Will, was committed } That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rejoived, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Brett do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made The Ron’s in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present E*ate* Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal art Act, made " in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the " Second, intituled, The Matter of the Rolls impowered " to make Leases for Years, in order to new-build the (t old Houses belonging to the Rolls; and for the better " regulating the Method of granting Leases of the said " Rolls Ettate for the future; and for making Compensation to the Earl of Macr/esjiand Sir Thomas " Sewell for their beneficial Rights and Interests in certain Leases made of the Rolls Ettate, and for regulating the Method of making Leases of the said Ettate " for the future*," Was read the Third Time.

Refohved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Twelfth Year " of tire Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled,

9 Q " The

794

24° Aprilis. A. 1780.

" The Mailer of the Rolls impowered to make Leases " for Years, in order to new-build the old Houses " belonging to the Rolls; and for the better regulat- ing the Method of granting Leases of the said *c Rolls Estate for the future: and for making Compensation to the Earl of Macclesfield and Sir ‘Thomas " Sewell for their beneficial Rights and Interests in " certain Leases made of the Rolls Estate; and for " regulating the Method of making Leases of the said " Estate for the future."

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Halifax, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, &c. Manufacturers, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Small Debts. Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, , Bing ley,

Ca her ley, Batley, Birfiall, Mirfield, cum >

Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordshipor Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parishes and Lordship aforesaid, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes; which, if passed into a Law, the Petitioners are advised that the Power of awarding Execution against the Bodies of Debtors, as authorized by the said Act, will be totally annulled, and the Fees to be taken will be entirely at the Discretion of the Commissioners, thereby inverting them with a Power of charging the same with Annuities for Life, and of creating additional Fees to answer Deficiencies, proposing at the same Time to create a new Office (very unnecessary, in the Petitioners Opinion) and which mull of course enhance the Expence of executing such new proposed Law, and render the same leis beneficial, as well as the Practice of the Courts more uncertain; and- that the said Act, in its present State, hath been found to be of great Utility in the populous trading Part over which it gives JurilHiftion, as it thereby promotes Industry, and encourages useful Credit, particularly amongst the lower Class, chiefly employed in the Woollen Manufacture of the Country; but that if the Power of Imprisonment, in consequence of Judgment and Execution, was taken away, the good Ends intended by the Act, and which have manifestly appeared in the Execution of it, would be totally frustrated, and if altered, as proposed by the Bill, would be rendered in a great Measure useless, as such new proposed Powers might become rather injurious than advantageous to the Creditors seeking Relief under it: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; on the contrary, that the aforesaid Act may remain in its present State without any Repeal or Alteration.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers. Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, and other Parishes and Places within the County of , was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making to Parliament, for amending or repealing an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the said Parishes and Places; and fearing that the said Application may occasion the total Repeal of the said Act, they beg Leave to represent, that the said Act, if properly altered and amended, would be conducive to the good Purposes for which it was intended: And therefore praying, That the said Act may not be repealed, but altered and amended as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford,

Bingley, Guiseley, Calver/eyBatley, -

field, Hartishead cum ‘Clifton, , Kirk-

ton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the ad Day of May next.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue for a Time to be limited, the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act,

" made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for the more easy and better recruiting of " His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines; and for " substituting other and more effectual Provisions in the " Place thereof: " And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tim* upon fVednesday Morning next.

A Petition and Representation of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Prison of the King’s Bench, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Petition hath been presented, from certain of their Fellow Prisoners, complaining against the Marshal and his Officers; and that the Petitioners conceive themselves bound in Justice to represent to the House, that they are not sensible of the Injuries complained of in the said Petition, and verily believe they do not exist, for that every reasonable Request and Indulgence which can be expected by Men in their Situation is readily granted by the said Marshal and his Officers, and, in Cafes of Illness and extreme Poverty, the Marshal has always given them every necessary Assistance *, and that the Petitioners are strongly impressed with Hopes, that Parliament will relieve them from their real Distresses, by granting them an Act of Insolvency, according to the Prayer of their former Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Prisoners of the King’s Bench Prison, confined for Debt within the Walls of the feme, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sarah Marfon, Renter of the Marshal-sea Prison, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is informed, a Petition has been sent from the said Prison from Three Individuals, relative to certain Grievances they pretend to labour under, with respect to the Payment of higher Rent for their Rooms than allowed by the Table of Fees; and that the Petitioner every' Term loses considerable Sums by such Numbers of Prisoners being cleared by the Lords Act, when they are entitled to their Discharge without paying either Rent or Fees; and that the Petitioner is the Widow of the late Deputy Marshal, that the Premises are Leasehold, and Ihe is the foie Proprietor of the said Lease, under a large Rent, and the only Emolument the at present receives is from the Room Rent paid by the Prisonerson their Discharge, which does not clear the Expence (lie is at: And that the Petitioner not being confcibus that Ihe has shewn any Inclination to opprels, or that Ihe has done any Thing Ihe cannot justify, therefore prays. That Ihe may

Recruiting

die

Land Forces,

Petition in favour of the Marshal of the King's Bench

Petition from the Renter of the Marshalsea Prison*

Import of Goods from Grenada.

Import of Goods, from the Levant.

S ;pply Bill: Dudes on Salt.

Imprison-menc of debtors by Small Debt Courts.

20 Geo. III. 24° Ap705

be heard by herself or Counsel, against so much of the said Petition as relates to her.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Prisoners in the King’s Bench Prison, confined for Debt within the Walls of the fame, is referred; and that the Petitioner be heard, by her Counsel, before the said Committee, upon her Petition, if Ihe think fit.

The Lord Beauchamp presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to protect Goods or Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the Islands of Grenada and the Grenadines, on Board Neutral Vessels bound to Neutral Ports: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Merchants whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others trading to the Places and Countries within the Mediterranean Seas, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented by Henry Rawlinson, as Agent to the Merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster, Hating, that a Bill is depending in the

House, to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within Die Levant and Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited; and desiring to be heard, by his Counsel, on Behalf of the Merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster, and that such Provision may be made in the said Bill, to declare that the same shall not extend to permit the Importation of Cotton Wool, as the House might think proper: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, in Support of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within The Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of the said Bill, if they think fit.

Resolved', That this House will, upon Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt, and for regulating the Exportation of Salt to The Isle of Man.

A Petition of the Mayor, Justices, Members of the Corporation, and principal Tradesmen of the City of New Sarum, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Stating their Reasons why they pray that the Bill, now depending, to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

Second, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Debtors, " with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execut ion in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for " Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, " to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their " Estates for their Creditors Benefit,*’ should not'pass into a Law; as it will, in many Cales, be mifenievous to the Debtor as well as the Creditor, and be very destructive to Trade and Credit in general.

Vol. 37.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermetl, Merchants, prin-’ impi-;son« cipal Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the City of ment of

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also pre- Debtors by fented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Courts' said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, if the same should pals into a Law in its present State, it will be of dangerous Confluences to the Petitioners, and to the Injury of Trade and Credit in general:

And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

Sir John Goodricke presented to the House, according PontefraA to Order, a Bill for dividing the Park of in Iaclosure.

the County of York: and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for declaring certain Provisions of an Act, General made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, re- TnJnf,k* lating to the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Britain called England, to extend to all Acts made, and to be made, for repairing Roads, subsequent to the passing of the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Codrington, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr.

Solicitor of the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " The Account of William Accounts

" berlayne, Solicitor of His Majesty’s Treasury, of all of the

" Sums of Money received and paid by him or his the*

" Deputy, on Account of Law Charges, and the Xxtafury.

" Names of the Persons to whom such Sums have been " paid from the 28th Day of March 1775, when this " Accountant was first appointed Solicitor, to the 28 th " Day of March 1776:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, "The Account of William berlayne. Solicitor of His Majesty’s Treasury, of all " the Sums of Money received and paid by him or his " Deputy, on Account of Law Charges, and the Names " of the Persons to whom such Sums have been paid,

" from the 28th Day of March 1776 to the 28th Day " of March 1777; specifying the Services for which such.

" Sums have been paid And also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Account of William -berlayne. Solicitor of His Majesty’s Treasury, of all " Sums of Money received and paid by him or his " Deputy, on Account of Law Charges, and the Names " of the Persons to whom such Sums have been paid,

" from the 28th Day of March 1777 to the 28th Day " of March 1778; specifying the Services for which " such Sums have been paid And also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Account of William " berlayne. Solicitor of His Majesty’s Treasury, of all " Sums of Money received and paid by him or his Deputy, on Account of Law Charges, and the Names " of the Persons to whom such Sums have been paid,

" from the 28th Day of March 1778 to the 28th Day " of March 1779 specifying the Services for which such Sums have been paid:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Account of William " berlayne. Solicitor of His Majesty’s Treasury, of all " the Sums of Money received and paid by him or his " Deputy, on Account of Law Charges, and the Names " of the Persons to whom such Sums have been paid,

" from the 28th Day of March 1779 to the 25th Day

" of

Imprifci inent

of Debtors by Small Debt Courts.

Commissioners of

Public

Accounts.

Army

Extras,

Welbonrn

inclosure.

Supply Bill; Duty on

Advertisements.

Supply Bill; Duties on Wines, &c.

Supply Bill: Duty on Malt.

79 6 240 Apri. 'A. 1780.

" of March 1780; specifying the Services for which " such Sums have been paid."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and ampnd an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of jthe Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Debtors, with respect " to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige " Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison " beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding " what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery ." ofj and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their " Creditors Benefit."

Resolved, That this House will Tomorrow Morn-'ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service; and what Defects there are in the pre-l'ent Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for, Public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive, Manner the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to examine into the Account of the Dit-tribution of the Sum of £. 1,000,000, granted to His Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, to defray Extraordinary Expences; and into the Account of the Extraordinaries of the Army for the Year 1779, and to consider of the most proper Methods for limiting the Expence of the Army to the Grants of Parliament.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Heath Lands, called The South Heaths and The North Heath, in the Parish of Welbonrn cum Sapp in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. thorpe, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Advertisements, and certain Duties, on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate, divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom, and upon Coals exported to Foreign Parts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to llis Majesty ad-1

ditional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and, upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the Pro-

duce of the said several Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, vending, or felling of, Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tim? upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr., Halford and Mr. Leeds.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Melton for making and maintaining a Road from Sage Cross, in Mowbray the Town of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duties on for repealing the Duties payable upotl Pot and Pearl Pot Allies, Allies, Wood and Weed Allies, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also,;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act AvrylM for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour Harbour, of Aberyjlwytk, in the county of ; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Seend Street, for amending the Road from the West End of Seend &c-Street to The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road; and for making an additional Road from the said Road in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with The Devizes Turnpike Road, at or near Somerham Brook in the same Chapelry* all in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wy* for building a Bridge across the River Wye, between bridge, Whitney and Clifford, in the County of Hereford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mold, 4c. for continuing the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from to Denbigh, and from thence to Tal y Cafn and Conway, and from Wrexham to Ruthin, Denbigh, and in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and , as

relates to the Road from Wrexham to Denbigh; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nonfood for dividing and inclosing a certain Common called inclo‘i; Norllnvood or North wood Common, in the Township of Nvke, in the Parish of Pembridge, and County of ford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tei-tr'f for dividing and inclosing certain Open, Common, and anii Waste Lands, within the Manor of Tetri riff, and also a certain Parcel of Open, Common, and Waste Land, called Givern-y-Mynydd, within the Manor of Hopton, in

the County of Montgomery; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tetbory Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, 10 passed in the Thirty-first Y'ear of the Reign of his S^n"0Hu late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads from and other

Places in the County of Glo far as the same relates to the Road from Tetbury to the Gates on the West of Symond's-Hall Down, and from the House at the Top of Frocefier Hill, where the Turnpike Gate lately flood, to the Turnpike Road from cesler towards Bath, and from -the Field called Boul-down Sleight, to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from I lor fey to Tetbury, near Tilt up's and for

tenth

Roads.

American

Trade.

Shennington

Inclosure.

Vright’s

Name,

Gee’s

Name.

Augmenting

the

Militia.

ao Geo. III. 24 0 Jpritis.797

for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the said Turnpike Road near Howell's Down, across OwJpen Down, to a Lane leading to Lampern Hill, and from another Part of the said Turnpike Road near the Latter Wood Turnpike, across Ow/pcn Dozen aforesaid, all in the said County of Gloncejer; without any Amendment: And a!so,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ac\, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several " Roads leading from the Town of Louth, in the " County of Lincoln without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to allow the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares* and Merchandize, from Great Britain, and all other Parts of His Majesty’* Dominions, to such Towns, Ports, or Places, in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty’s Government, Fleet, or Armies, and from such downs, Ports, or Places, to Gr eat Britain, or any other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions, in the tame Manner as before the passing of an Act, made in the Sixteenth YeaT of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prohibit all " Trade and Intercom fe with the Colonies of New " Hampshire, RlajfachufeCs Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, <c New 2'ork, Nezc Jerj'ey, Pensylvania, the Three Lower " Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North " Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said " Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made u in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, " lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the 'Town, and within the Harbour of Boston, in the Province ot AJ a fine ku fit's Bay; and also Two <c Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for u redraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies " in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to " enable any Person cr Persons, appointed and au-tk thorized by his Majesty to grant Pardons, to iii'ue " Proclamations, in the Cafes, and for the Purposes, c< therein mentionedwith tome Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords deli re the Concurrence of this llcufc: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of Shennington, in the County of Gloucester; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, *

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Ingilhy, Eiljuire, (lately called John IV) rj‘0 to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Ingilhy, pursuant to the Will of Sir John Ingilhy, Baronet, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of th is House: And also,

The Lords have patil-d a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Gee, the Younger, Ei’quire, and his llfue Mai e, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Carezo, pursuant to the Will oi Sir Nicholas llackett Carezv, Baronet, deccafed *, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to explain an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia;" and to declare valid and effectual the Swearing-in, and InroL ment of, Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, in Cales where all the Provisions of the several Acts now in being relative thereto, have not been observed; and to indemnify Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace, fur their Proceedings therein VOL. 37.

respectively; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. 1

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords* America* to* the Bill, intituled, An Act to allow the Exportation Trade* of -Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Great Britain, and all other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions, to such Towns, Ports, or Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty’s Government, Fleet, or Armies, and from such Towns, Ports, or Places, to Great Britain, or any other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions, in the same Manner as before the passing of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, <c An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse cc with the Colonies of Nezv Hampshire, Massachuset*s u Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, Neve York, New Jersey, c< Pensylvania, the Three Lower Counties on De/aware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South CaroUna, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the <c present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the Fourteenth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discoii'

<c tinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the " Town, and -within the Harbour, of Bofion, in the c: Province of McfJ'achvfct's Bay; and also Two Acts,

" made in the la it Session of Parliament, for restraining c< the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said " Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and authorized by His Majesty to grant Pardons, to issue Proclamations cc in the Cafes, and for the Purposes, therein men-,u ttoned " be taken into Consideration To-morrow-Morning. *

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Debtors Gaol of Newgate, was presented to the House, and read; confined in Complaining of the confined State of that Part of the Newgate. Prison allotted for them, and of their being obliged to intermix with Felons and Convicts under Sentence of Death; and expressing their Apprehendons at the Risque they run of their Healths, and even their Lives: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Prisoners of the King’s Bench Prison, confined lor Debt within the Walls of the lame, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon* to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do fit and proceed upon the xMatters contained in the several Petitions referred to their Consideration, upon tVedncfday Morning next.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Warehousing

Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, of Corn,

intituled, <c An Act to regulate the Importation and f< Exportation of Corn," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon WcdneJJay Sevennight, the 3d Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider ot to much of the said Act as relates to the Warehousing of Corn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion poled. That an humble Address be presented to His for Address Majesty; praying that He will be graciously pleated not to ditfolve the Parliament, or prorogue the present parji?jncn. Session, unril proper Measures have been taken to diminish the Influence, and cor rest the other Abuses, complained of by the Petitions of the People;

0 Li The

1

798 240 — 250

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Votes of the House, of the 6th Day of this Instant of the Resolutions, " That it is necessary to declare,

that the Influence of the Crown has increased, is increating, and ought to be diminished: ’ And also, " That it is competent to this House, to examine into, " and to correct, Abul'es in the Expenditure of the " Civil List Revenues, as well as in every other Branch " of the Public Revenue, whenever it shall appear " expedient to the Wisdom of this House so to do: " And also, " That it is the Duty of this House, to provide, as far as may be, an immediate and effectual " Redress of the Abuses complained of in the Petitions " presented to this House from the different Counties, " Cities, and Towns, of this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That an humble Ad-drel's be presented to His Majesty, praying that He will be graciously pleased not to dissolve the Parliament, or prorogue tnc present Session, until proper Measures have been taken to diminish the Influence, and correct the other Abuses, complained of by the Petitions of the People;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the YeaJ?’r \ Mr. Byng: ]2Q 3.

Tellers for the Noes, ’(Mr. Robinson: }254'

So it passed in the Negative.

Expenditure The Order of the Day being read, for the House to of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

Public Money. consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of York, and also the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-jiight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Regulation Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-of His ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole

Mgl.y,s House, to consider further of the for better Re-

Government. gulat*°n of His Majesty s Civil Establishments, and of certain public Offices; for tire Limitation of Pensions, and the Suppression of sundry useless, expensive, and inconvenient Places; and for applying the Monies laved thereby to the Public Service.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Call of the Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned

H°ufe. tjj f j}ay Sevennight.

State of the Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow

War- Sevennight, the 2d Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the War.

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

and Means, ing next, resolve itself into Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted

to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Aprilis. A. 1780.

Mart is, 25* die Apr ilis;

Anno 20* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1780.

Pit AYERS.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Hilton Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- (nc^lw-mon Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Hilton, in the Parish of Rfyrf-ton upon Dove, in the County of , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Hilton, in the Parish of Marston upon Dove, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying Wanmnfcr, in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, and Open Downs, within the Pari (lies of and Corjley, ncol",c'

in the County of Wilts-, and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Meadows and Common Pastures within the said Parishes, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 55. 1. 22. After " conclusive " to insert " or " touching which a Power of Appeal is herein before given."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, and Open Downs, within the Parishes of Warminster and Cor fey, in the County of Wilts;and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the said Parishes.

Ordered, That Mr. Peuruddock do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Liverpool, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabi-tants of the said Town and Port, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Debtors, with " respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and " to oblige Debtors, who dial I continue in Execution " in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums " not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to " make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their " Estates, for their Creditors Benefit;" and setting forth. That the Objects and Provisions of the said Bill, appear to the Petitioners to be of the most alarming and dangerous Tendency, and, if pa fled into a Law, will be of the most injurious and fatal Consequences, as well to the Interests of the Petitioners, as of all the other great commercial Cities and Towns in the Kingdom, and will be highly prejudicial and destructive to Trade and Public Credit in general: And therefore praying,

That the said Bill may not be carried into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee

of

10 Geo. III. 250

of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

Oldfwinford Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the ladofure. J^H for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of in the County of Wore eft or, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Thomas Esquire, on Behalf of

himself and others, Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Parish of , in the County of

Worcester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands rated to the Land Tax at £. 18. 8r. 4* d. who refilled to lign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of Lands rated at £.6. $s. 61 d.a Year, who, living at a Distance, and being applied to by Letter, returned no Answer; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, are rated to the Land Tax at £. 224. 13 s.

11 d.a Year) and that the Committee had gonethrough the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hitn to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, ^OID- ~ of the Town or Borough of Beverley, in the County of York, and of the Merchants and other principal Inhabitants of the same Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, that the Mode of opening the Ports of this Kingdom, for the Importation and Exportation of Grain, as prescribed and regulated by the Laws now in being, is liable to much Abuic, whereby the Prices of Grain, in lbme Instances, arc unneccflarily deprelled, to the Dif-couragcment of Agriculture, and in others unneceHarily advanced, to the Injury of Manufactures, and Oppression of the Poor; and that the Temptation to l'uch Abuse has been considerably increased by the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," and may, as the Petitioners apprehend, be prevented or restrained by proper Amendments of the said Act: And therefore praying the House to grant them such Relief in the Premises, as the Nature of the same may require, and to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Fee of A Paper, intituled, " Explanation of Part of Mr;

Treasury Royer's Account of Treasury Fees, Perquisites, and erks. New Years Gifts, already delivered to the House of " Commons, pursuant to an Order of the 2d of March 1780;" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of Fees received by ‘s Edward Bifshopp, a Clerk in the Treasury, within the Year ended at Michaelmas 1778; and also the Fees " received on Appointments, and all other Perquisites " within his Department, in the above Period, and

VOL. 37.

1

adprilis. 799

,c for whose Benefit the same were received: " And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of Fees and Perqui-" sites received by Thomas Cotton, one of the Clerks of " the Treasury, attending the Ifi’ue of Money raised " upon the Public in the Year ended at Michaelmas " 1778; and also the Amount of the Fees received by uhim on Appointment to Offices within his Department, in the said Period, and for whose Benefit they " were received: " And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Fees and Perquisites attending " the I flue of Money for the Service of, and raised upon,

" the Public, Anno ending Michaelmas 1778, in the *' Department of Edward Chamberlayne, Clerk in the " Treasury: " And also,

*A Paper, intituled, " Fees and Perquisites attending " the Issue of Public Money in the Year ended at " chaelmas 1778, in the Department of John Martin Leake, one of the Clerks of the Treasury:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of Fees received by William Miford, a Clerk in the Treasury, on the " issuing Money raised upon the Public within the Year " ended at Michaelmas 1778; and also the Amount of " Fees received by him on Appointments to Offices, and " on all other Instruments within his Department, in ,f the above Period, and for whose Benefit the same were " received: " And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Explanation of an Account " of Fees and Perquisites, already delivered to the J louse of Commons, pursuant to their Order of the of 2d March 1780, so far as relates to the Department " of Thomas Dyer, one of the Clerks of the Treasury;

" containing, an Account of Monies issued out the fe-‘r veral within-mentioned Revenues in the Year ended " at Michaelmas 1778, with the Amount of the Fees tc received upon such Issues; and also the Amount of " the Fees received on Appointments to Offices " during that Period, and for whose Benefit such Fees " were received: " And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of Fees received by " George Ramus, a Clerk in the Treasury, on the issuing " Money raised upon the Public within the Y’ear ended " at Michaelmas 1778; and also the Amount Fees " received by him on the Appointment to Offices, and " on all other Instruments within his Department, in the above Period, and for whose Benefit the same were " received: " And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Additional Return to an Order of the House of Commons, dated id March 1780,

" for an Account of all Fees, iAc- so far as the said " Order relates to George TrenGood enough, a Clerk

" in the Treasury:" And also,

An Account of Money issued, and of Fees and Perquisites received on Account of the fame, in the Department of Bryan Broughton, one of the Clerks in the Treasury, in the Y’ear ended the 10th October 1778: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Additional Return to an Or-,c der of the House of Commons, dated 2d March " 1780, for an Account of ail Fees, &c. so far " as the said Order relates to Dean Poyntz, a Clerk in the Treasury: " And also,

A Paper, intituled, " A Return to an Order of the " House of Commons, of the 2d of March 1780, requiring an Account of Fees on Receipt, Expenditure,

" and accounting for, Monies raised upon the Public;

" also Fees paid on Appointments to Offices, with the <c Salaries of the Officers receiving the fame, and the " Nature of their Duty; as far as the same Order relates f< to the Department of Henry Wcbjler, a Clerk in the " Treasury."

And the Titles of the said Papers and Account wer* read.

Ordered,

8oo 250 Apri 1780.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Bret tell. Secretary of the Stamp Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Account: An Account of all Monies received and paid by the

Sump Office. Receiver General, for One Year, ended at the 2d August 1778; together with the Fees attending the issue, Expenditure, accounting for, and auditing of the fame; also the Fees usually paid on Appointment to Offices; with an Account of the Salaries of the several Officers, and an Explanation of the Nature of the Service or Duty performed in each and every Office.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Fees of the The House being informed that Mr. Fenwick, from Auditor of His Majesty’s Auditor of the Principality of at-

Wales. tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " An Exact State of the Fees " and Perquisites claimed and received within the Department of the Right honourable Thomas Lord " borough. His Majesty’s Auditor of the Principality of " Wales, in the Year ended at Michaelmas 1778; with the Names of the Persons for whose Benefit they were " received; also an Account of Salary, and an Explanation of the Nature of the Sendee or Duty performed in the said Office of Auditor of the Principality of Wales."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, pursuant to Stoppages their Order, the

A Paper, intituled, Amount of Rations flopped by " Messieurs Cox and Drummond, from the Detachment America.

" of Artillery serving in America, from the Year 1769,

" when they first appeared in the Accounts of the Regiment, to the 31st December 1772."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth;

Amount of Rations stopt by Messieurs Cox and Drummond, from the Detachment of Artillery serving in America, from the Year 1769 (when they first appeared in the Accounts of the > .£.,3,830. 17. 1. Regiment) to the 31st December 1772 - *J

Craigs,

2 £th April 1780.

FouMen

Inclosure.

State of the War,

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Fen Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and \Vafte Lands, within the Parish of Fcv.lden, in the County of was committed,

be received upon Thurj'daySevennight, the 4th Day of May next.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yesterday, for the House to refclve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon this Day Sevennight, to take into Consideration the State of the War, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Refo'ved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven--night, (he 5th Day of May next, at Twelve of the Cluck, resolvc itself into the said Committee.

Lords and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for ascertaining the Boundaries between the Manors of IT hit tiny ton and in the County of

Salop, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. bert, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossetl Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Gee the Younger, Esquire, and his issue Male, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Care-w,pursuant to the Will of Sir Nicholas

HackettCarezv, Baronet, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better securing the Freedom of Parliament, by excluding certain Placemen

Mr. Coke of Derby reported from the Committee,

Amendment v.'h.o were appointed to examine the Journals of this from fitting in the House of Commons, be read a Se-tnrfn'W, House, for Precedents of Amendments, made by the cond Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 9th Day of Lords to Bills of Jndoibre, and to report the same to the House; That the Committee had examined the

Journals accordingly, and found several Precedents; A Motion was made, and the Question was propafed, which they had directed him to report to the House; That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, 2 That

Whittington

and

O/wcftry

Boundaries.

Gee’s

Name*.

Certi'n Placemen not to tit in Parliament.

Motion

resetting

the

IM.Iitia.

o

lile of Mac.

Commissioners of Public Accounts.

Supply Bill: Duties on Ad verb fe-ments.

20 Geo. III.

25’

i6

That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Militia Forces of this Kingdom may be so ordered am! disposed, that the several Regiments, Battalions, or Independant Companies, may not be marched to any inconvenient Distance from the Counties to which they belong.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof, thcl’c Words, " as far as may be coaliftent with the general Defence of the Kingdom

A Mot ion was made, and the Question being put. That the Oiders of the Day be now read;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to protest Goods, or Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the Islands of Grenada and the , on board

Neutral Vessels bound to Neutral Ports;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt, and for regulating the Exportation of Salt to The I/leof Man;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and Rate, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service; and what Defeats there are in the present Mode ot receiving; collecting, ilfuing, and accounting for, Public Money, and in what more expeditious and effectual, and Ids expensive, Manner the said Services can in future be regulated, and carried on for the Benefit of the Public;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon toe Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Advertisements, and certain Duties on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate, divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

V'OL. 37.

° Aprilts. 801

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill: resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ®.utie* upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several ad- ine*’ c' ditiona! Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom, and upon Coals exported to Foreign Parts;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords American to the Bill, intituled, An Act to allow the Exportation of Trade. Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Great Britain, and all other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions, to such Towns, Ports, or Places in North America, which are, or may be, under the Protection of His Majesty’s Government, Fleer, or Armies, and from such Towns, Ports, or Places, to Great Britain, or any other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions, in the same Manner as before the passing of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with " the Colonies of New Hamp/kire, Massachuset's Bay,

" Rhode 1/land, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey,

" PenJ'ylvania, the Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South rolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the " present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the Fourteenth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping,

" of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town,

" and within the Harbour, of Bojion, in the Province " of Mafia chufet'sBay; and also Two Acts, made in

‘f the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the " Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said " Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and authorized by His Majesty to grant Pardons, to issue Proclamations in the " Cales and for the Purposes therein mentioned," be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26° die

Anno 20° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Towr.fend, from the Tellers of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Sums received at His Majesty’s Account: Exchequer, between Michaelmas 1777 and Michaelmas Few the 1778, with the Amount of the Fees attending the lame, feller* such as were taken by the Tellers and their Clerks; to- Exchequer, get her with an Account of the Sums issued or paid within the same Period, and the Amount of such Fees attending such Issue or Payment.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

9 S Ordered,

Account: Exchequer Feei.

Account: Fees of the Clerk of the Pelli.

Wright*

Name.

Stratton

Attdley

Inclosure.

Gloucester

Market*

and

Streets, &c.

802

26° Ap.

A. 1780*

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preferred amongst the other Fapers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to tire House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Sums received at His Majesty’s Exchequer, between Michaelmas 1777 and Micbac/mas 1778, with the Amount of the Fees attending the feme; together with an Account of the Sums issued and paid within the same Period, and the Amount of1 the Fees attending such Issue or Payment; and distinguishing the Sums issued or paid on the Heads of Public Service, and the Civil List: From the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

And then he withdrew.

Arid the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The feid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. De-

puty Clerk of the Pells, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account from the Clerk of the Pells, of the Sums received at His Majesty’s Exchequer between Michaelmas 1777 and Michaelmas 1778, with the Amount of the Fees attending the fame; together with an Account of the Sums issued or paid within the same Period, and the Amotint of the Fees attending such Issue, or Payment; distinguishing the Sums issued arid paid on the Heads of Public Service, and the Civil List.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie uporv the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved arriongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A<fl to enable John Ingilby, Esquire (lately called John Wright) to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Ingilby, pursuant to the Will of Sir John Ingilby, Baronet, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilmot presented to the House; according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Parishes of Stratton , in the County of Oxford, and Cuversfield, in the County of Bucks i And the" same was received; arid read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for providing and establishing a Market, for erecting a New Gaol and House of Correction, and for removing certain Gateways in the City of Gloucester-, and for amending the several Acts passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the Streets there, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Chester, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

of the Poor within particular incorporated Hundreds, or Dill rids, within that Part of Britain called

England, was read a Secorid Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to riieet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account: Account of the Amount of the Stock in Hand of Malt, Malt-on the 8th of February 1760.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Import of to resolve itself into a Comrriittce of the whrile House, Good, front upon th'e Bill to protect Goods or Merchandize, of the Gren*"a> Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the Islands of Grenada and the Grenadines, on board Neutral Vessels bound to Neutral Ports, be now read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committed

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Bunbury took the Ctiair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported frorh the Committee.

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several, Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleai’e to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pfoposed, Rq-j That thete be laid before this House, a List of the feve- Navy, ral Ships and Vessels of the Royal Navy in Commission on the 31st December 1779, distinguishing their Rates and Complements of Men.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the doth- Me oftf*; mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt, and for regulating the Exportation of Salt to was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in fct the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on ment$. Advertisements, and certain Duties on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate, divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of arty Province or Place, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Parish A Bill for obviating a Doubt touching the binding Apprentices, and receiving of poor Children Apprentices, in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Relief

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bu-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for *c-

granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon

Wines

J

kv

k

»:j ';!

Supply Bill: I Duties on Malt, 6cc.

n.

Recruiting the Land Forces.

Army

btfts.

ao Geo. III.

26" — 270 Jprilis.

Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom, and upon Coals exported to Foreign Parts, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the t)ay being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great , and upon the Produce of the said several Duties; and for granting a Duty ort Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, vending, or felling of, Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now,’* and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Sevennight."

Anil the Question being put, That the Word 4i now" rtand Pai l of the Question j

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

rp ,. c v t Mr. )

Jellers for the leas,'c- \ 70.

£Sir G rev J / v

T , r . xt C Sir Philip JemiinesC/erke, )

Tdl.,s for the Noes,| sir cJlfray .* j JO.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, of An Act for repeal-

ing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, " intituled, An Act for the more easy and better recruiting of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines; " and for substituting other and more effectual Provisions in the Place thereof;"

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

rr. , r ., v f Sir William Cunynrhame, ?

Teller, for the 1 eas,» Mr Dt c,„ /* {94.

Tellers for the Noes,. 49-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Vot. 37.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to examine into the Account of the Distribution of the Sum of jC. 1,000,000, granted to His Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament, to defray Extraordinary Expences; and into the Account of the Extraordinaries of the Army for the Year 1779, and to consider of the most proper Methods for limiting the Expence of the Army to the Grants of Parliament;

Resolved, That this House wili, upon this Day Sevennight, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into 'the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Way* a Committee of the whole House, to consider further an<* Means, of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 27* die Ap;

Anno 30" Georgii III*'1 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Maniott, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Stock in Hand Account. of Malt, on the 8th February 1760. Mult.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Dyson, Solicitor of the Admiralty, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to

their Order,

An Account of Law Charges, and other incidental Account* Disbursements, by Samuel Seddon, Esquire, Assistant to Admiralty the Council for the Affairs of the Admiralty and Navy, LawCharges. from the 25th Day of March 1773, exclusive, to the 25th Day of March 1774, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Law Charges, and other incidental Disbursements, by Samuel Seddon, Esquire, Assistant to the Council for the Affairs of the Admiralty and Navy,

from

804 2 70 Aprilis. 1780.

from the 25th Day of March 1774, exclusive, to the 25th Day of March 1775, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Law Charges, and other incidental Disbursement', by Samuel , Esquire, A flirt ant to the Council for the Affairs of the Admiralty and Navy, from the 25th Day of 1775, exclusive, to the

25th Day of 'March 1776, inclusive: Andallb,

An Account of Law Charges, and other incidental Disbursements, by Samuel , Esquire, Assistant to the Council for the Affairs of the Admiralty and Navy, from the 25th Day of March 1776, exclusive, to the 25th Day of March 1777, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Law Charges, and other incidental Disbursements, by Samuel Seddon, Esquire, Assistant to the Council for the Affairs of the Admiralty and Navy, from the 25th Day of March 1777, exclusive, to the 25th Day of March 1778, inclusive; and from thence to the 17th of February 1779: And also,

An Account of . Law Charges, and other incidental Disbursements, by James , Esquire, Assistant to the Council for the Affairs of the Admiralty and Navy, between the 30th Day of May 1778 (being the Day on which he was appointed to the said Office) and the 25th Day of March 1779, both Days inclusive: And also,

An Account of Law Charges, and other incidental Disbursements, by James Dyson, Esquire, Assistant to the Council for the Affairs of the Admiralty and Navy, between the 25th Day of Mar 1779 and the 25th Day of March 1780.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Slade, from the Toll House at Blackfriars Bridge, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Account: An Account of the Produce of the Tolls on

BUckfriars friars Bridge, from Michaelmas 1773 to Michaelmas 1779.

To11, And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Mylne, from the Guildhall in the City of , attended at the Door; he was called in; and, .at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Accounts: An Account of the Expence of supporting. lighting,

Blackfriars and watching, Blackfriars Bridge, per Annum: And Bridge- alf0>

An Account of the Estate, or other Funds, for the Maintenance of Blackfriars Bridge, Anno 1780.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Montague, from the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Ditto. A State of Account of the Money and Annuities chargeable upon the Tolls of Blackfriars Bridge, and now owing.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said State was read.

*3

Ordered, That the said State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by ihe Members of the House.

The said State is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the Sum of " £.68,436. 15 s.7 d.the Profits on Bills of Exchange,

" iAc. drawn on Mefiieurs Harley and Drummond, for the " Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North America: " And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the Sum of c: £.42,343. 1 s. id. the Profitson £.1,688,612. 7 id.

" remitted in Specie by Mefficurs Harley and " for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North America And also,

A Paper, intituled, Particulars of the Sum of

" £ 237j^99- *4*- 7 d.the Charges on Money remitted by Mefiieurs Harley and Drummond, for the Ule " of His Majesty’s Forces in North America:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Particulars of the several Sums " of Money remitted in Specie by Messieurs Harley and " Drummond, for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in " North America, together with the Charges attending " the fame, from the 13th March 778 to the 10th " April 1780."

And the Tides of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Strutt presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill to explain anil amend the several Acts for securing the Freedom of Parliament, by latther extending the Qualification for Members to fit in the House of Commons, and for rendering the same more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the Cotton Spinners, and others, in and adjoining to the County of lies', was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, until the Breaking out of the present Dispute with the American Colonies, the Cotton Manufactures of and its

Vicinities employed many Thousands of Men, Women, and Children, but that of late those Manufactures have very much dccrcafed, and Thousands of industrious Poor have become destitute of Employment, and reduced to extreme Distress; and that the subsequent War with Spain, the Prohibition of the Importation of Cotton Manufactures into that extensive Kingdom and its Dependencies, the Collation of the African Commerce, the Abridgement of it to The IVIndies, with the Exclu-fion of British Ships from the Mediterranean Ports, have precipitated the Decline of Trade and Manufactures; and that, in Addition to this casual Diminution of Commerce, and the consequential Sufferings of the Petitioners, a Domestic Evil of very great Magnitude, has l'prung up within these few Years, and increased to such an Extent as threatens the total Lois of Employment to this very numerous Body of industrious Individuals; and that the Evil in Question is the Introduction of Patent Machines anil Engines, of various Descriptions, which have luperfeded Manual Labour to such a 'fatal and alarming Degree, that, with the Decrease of the Manufactures proceeding from the Event already recited, and several other incidental Caules, many Thou land industrious and worthy Members of the Community are at this Moment, with their Families, pining for want ot

Employment,

Money remitted to America for the Use of the Forces.

Extending

Members

Qualification,

Petition

of

Cotton

Spinucru

Oldfwinford

Inclosure.

Good* imported to Grenada.

Mile End Town.

50 Geo. III.

if Aprilis.

8o$

Employment, and become destitute of the common Ne- that the Bill be committed to Mr. By*?

ceflkries of Life; and that the Sufferings of the Peti- Mr. See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon! tioners in the Month of September last, Were become so at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber* intolerable as to reduce them to Despair, and several The House was moved, that the Petition of the feve-Thousands assembled indifferent Parts to destroy the ral Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Causes of their Distress, and one of thelargest of the Patent Inhabitants the Hamlet of Milt End New Town, in Machines, with Numbers of the smaller ones, wereattu- the County of which was presented to the

ally demolished; and, in order to appease these Tumults, House upon Monday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Magistrates, principal Inhabitants, and Manufac- the Table, until the said Bill he read a Second Time, turers of the Borough of Wigan, at a public Meeting, might be again read, held lhe6th of October, entered intoaformal Engagement And the same being read accordingly j

to lay their Grievances before Parliament, and agreed, Orderedt That the said Petition be referred to the

that, until the Determination of Parliament was known, Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill

the use of all Machines and Engines worked by Water or Horses, for carding, roving, or spinning of Cotton, HiouId be suspended; and that, exclusive of the Calamities into which so numerous a Body of Manufacturers are involved, the Work executed by the Patent Machines and Engines is fovery inferior to that performed by Manual Labour, that the Quality and Credit of this Manufacture, which for many Years has added so considerably to our Commercial Reputation and Advantage in Foreign Parts, are greatly depreciated thereby, and in the utmost Danger of being totally loft; and that the Reduction in the Price of Goods manufactured by the use of such instruments, is unequal to the Difference in the Quality of Goods manufactured by Manual Labour, consequently Patent Machines and Engines worked by Water, Horses, i£c. for carding, roving, or spinning of mere Monopoly for the immense Profits

is committed.

Ordered, That all, who come to the dud Committee, have Voices.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 2id Day of February 1741, of the Title of an Account of the Number of Men borne and muttered, as it appeared at their several Mutters, from the 25th March 1739 to the 31 1741, on

board any of His Majesty’s Ships or Vessels in Commission during that Period of Time; distinguishing where such Ships and Vessels were at the Time of such Muster, together with the Complements of the said Ships or Vessels for the said Time, presented to the House by Mr. Pkillipfon, might be read.

„ , - c , rnc And the same was read accordingly;

Cotton, arc a mere Monopoly for the immense Profits Thc House was also movcdj That the Entry in the

and Ad vantages of the Patentees and Proprietors, to the rournai of the House, of the d Day of pebruttty,

great Loss and Detriment of the Public, and injurious of the Order for the Officer to Jay before the

to the Credit and Quality of the Goods manufactured: House, an Account shewing what Time or Times any

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises f Jjs Majest *s Ships of War in Commission have been

into immediate Consideration, and grant such Relief in the port$ or Harbours of this Kingdom, since the

therein as shall seem meet and reasonable. ,ft of OSobtr 1739; distinguishing how long they con-

Ordered, That the said Petition do he upon the lable. tjnued jn such Ports or Harbours, and the Number of

. . - , Men borne and muttered on each Ship every Month

And ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several respective] might read.

Commons and Waste Lands in the of Oldfam- £nd the same was read accordingly.

ford, in the County of Worker, was read the Tmrd Thc House was That the Entry ifl the

A , rp. , Journal of the House, of the 9th Day of December 1743,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Order for an Account of His Majesty’s Ships

^/°r and Vessels now in Commission, specifying their respective Complements of Men, with an Account of the Numbers borne in each Ship and Vessel, from the last Two Months Abstract, preceding the 23th of December 7 $2, for those Ships which were in Commission before that Time; and for those which have been commissioned since, from their First Muster after they were put in Commission, to this Time; specifying the Time when, and Place where, each Two Months Muster was made, to be laid before the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That there be laid before this House, a List of all Ships and Vessels of the Royal Navy in Commission on the ift Day of December 1779; distinguishing their several Sta* tions at that Time, their Rates, and Complement of Men;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the,

and Waste Lands in the Parish of in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Ehves do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

kir Charles Bunbury, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prated Goods or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the Islands of Grenada and the Grenadines, on board Neutral Vessels bound to Neutral Ports, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questioft severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Hamlet of Mile End New Town, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex-, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Open Passages and Places within the said Hamlet,

Tellers for the Noes,|

So it passed in the Negative.

6 c.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, . T - . That there be laid before this House, an Account 01 the

and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and Number of Seamen and Marines borne, and the Nura-prevennng the like for the future; and for consolidating ber muttered, of the Complement of the several Ships the Highway Rates with the other Rates within the find and Vessels of the Royal Fleet, respectively. on nr »hm,f Hamlet, was read a Second Time.

Vol. 37.

Vessels of the Royal Fleet, respectively, on or about the tft of December 1779, together with the supernu-

9T

Motion fat Mb of Ships for Comitoiffioo#

Motion lor Account of Seamen*

merar j

8o6

Supply Bill s Duties on Wines, &c*

170 — 8* Aptilis.

A. 1780.

merary Seamen and Marine? on board the said'Ships and jesty several additional Duties on Advertisements, 'and

J " t w as B fAi* J I nrr «ri nr a r fnt* n r\*t U /1

Scotland

Insolvent Debtors.

211.

124.

Adman

CitboHcfc

Vessds;

It passed in the Negative. *

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue an Act,-made In the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors more " equal and expeditious; and for regulating the Diligence of the Law by Arrestment and Poinding; and a for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory <* Notes; and for limiting Actions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland," for a further Time to be limited: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of His Majesty’s loyal Protestant Subjects,

Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Beith and Shire

of Ayr, was presented to the House, and read; Setting

forth. That the Petitioners, leofible of the many Biddings and Privileges which they as ProteHants have enjoyed since the Resolution* arc exceedingly alarmed at the Act lately passed in Favour of the Papists in England, repealing certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them by a Statute, enacted in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of William the Third, for preventing the Grpwth Estate, divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, of Popery; and they were the rather impressed, as they " n r "

were certainly informed, and had great Reason to apprehend, the same Indulgence was to be extended to Papists in Scotland", and although the Petitioners were unwilling, without due Deliberation, to take the present Step for Jjfedress, yet they are encouraged to hope that their Application, in Concurrence with their Protestant Brethren

certain Duties on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate, divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, be now read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word, " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Sevennight."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now " Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Ycss.J "j; .

Tellers far the *«.{£%++

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title-be, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Advertisements, and certain Duties on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal

at the Custom of any Province or Place.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

the Bill to

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a in England and Scotland, will not prove too late: And Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ap-therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in pointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, a Bill to repeal |he Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to His present Majesty, in Favour, of the Roman Catholics report what Balances, are in the Hands of Accountants, in England, which may be applied to the Public Service: and what

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, cal-

lable.

AMotionwas made, and the;Question being proposed, That the ingroiffed. Bill for granting to His Majesty.wvefal additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom, and upon Coals exported to Foreign Parts, be now read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To. leave, qut the Word " now," and at the End of

lesting, issuing, and accounting for, Public Money, and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expen-five Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 8th Day of May next, at Twelve of" the Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or the Question, to add the Wprds upon this Day Se- Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place of vennight.

And the Question being put. That the Word " now Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the YeaJ JhV'°rd "*

9m Sir !.arnrhr

'I Sir James Laroche: ]

Tellers for the Noes ^‘r } -

1 eiiers lor the l\oes, Sir pMp Ckrke: J *7‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.. .

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.' Resolved, That the Bill do pals r And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty several addi-

whatsoever, for a Time to be limited.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted’ to His Majesty, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Suoply Bill I Duties »n Adrertlfemeutfc Ac.

, 28° die Apr ills \

Anno 20* Georgii IIP'* Regis, 1780. Prayers.

{ORDERED, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, ' allotting, and inclosing the Commons, Open Fields,

A Motion was made, and the' Question being pro- and Common Pastures, in the Liberty of in the

poled. That the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Ma- Parish of Mick/eover, and County of Derby, be taken 'll - into

tional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported. into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Comimfiidaen

of

Public

Accounts,

Findern

Inclosure.

?ontefra&

Iuclofare.

Goods

imported from

Grenada.

Moseley

Inc.oiure.

Petition of the Cotton Spinners.

Goswell Street iving, Itc

aiming

Road.

ao Geo. III. 2 fr jprilis.807

into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill for dividing the Park of Pontefract, in the County of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill he committed to Sir John G00drieke, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An logrolled Bill to protect Goods or Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the ifiands of Grenada and the Grenadineson board Neutral Vessels bound to Neutral Ports, was read the Third Time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill by way of Ryder, for Security of Captors in certain Cafes.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank j which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Refo/ved., That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act to protect Goods or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the Islands of Grenada and the Grenadines, on board Neutral Vessels bound to Neutral Ports, during the present Hostilities.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Moss, otherwise Moseley, in the Parish of Camps, and also the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kirk in

the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Cotton Spinners, and others, in and adjoining to the County of Lancaster, which was Y e lie id ay presented to the House,

and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Sir William Alert-ditk, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, lighting, watching, and cleansing, the High Street or Road called Street, leading from Aid erf gate Bars without , London, tQ

the House of Woodhouse Coker, Gentleman, near the Turnpike at the End of the said Street or Road," in the County of Middlesex; and ai'.o Bull Yard, Glass-house Yard, the North Side of Fan's Aliev, Mount

and Willow Court, contiguous to the said Street or Road, on the Eait and Well Sides thereof; and for removing Nuisances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, for Vo L. 37.

repairing and widening the Bead from a Place called The Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New and

Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of,

in the County of Surrey, without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act GaHefori for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in p ?nd the Thirty-fird Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road from the Town of Guld^ford,

" to The Directing Post near the Town, of Fa nhatp,

" in the County of Surrey; " without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ickenham for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fi Ids, laclosure. within the Parish of Ickenham, in the County of Middlesex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Molynen* veiling Part of the real Estates 0 ( Tho Molyneux, Estate*.

Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of such of his Debts and Legacies as now remain unfa-tisfied; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. Hughfon, frOtn the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 15th Day of February, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Offices and Employments under Account: the Crown, existing on the 25th Day of October 1705, Office*

the Number of Officers employed at that Time in each, 1*D<*

with their respective Salaries; and also, an Account of munder ° the Number and Names of the Officers in each Depart- the Ciown ment, with their Salaries, as they Hood on the 5th Day of January 1779; distinguishing the Time when any Increase in the Number of such Officers, or their Salaries, was full made, as far as relates to the Exchequer.

And then he withdrew.;

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Augmenting to explain an Act of the last Session of Parliament, in- the M*1*1* tituled, " An Act for augmenting the Militia; " and to declare valid and effectual the swearing-in, and Inrql-ment of Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, ia Cafes where all the Provisions of the several Acts now in being relative thereto, have not been observed; and to indemnify Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace, for their Proceeuings therein respectively, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lochfie’*

for naturalizing Lewis Lochie, was read a Second Time,. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Aitecr noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Molyneux for vesting Part of the real Estates of Thomas More Moly- fiftate*. neux, Esquire deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of such of his Debts and Legacies as now remain unsatisfied, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill for granting to His Supply Bills Majesty additional Duties upon Salt, and for regulating Duties w

the ^u

8o8

180 Aprilis. — 1° Mail.

A. 1780*

the Exportation of Salt tp JJle of be read the Third Time tipon Tuesday Morning next.

Scotland A Bill to continue an Act, made in the Twelfth

lnfolvont Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

e for*' An Act for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious;

" and for regulating the Diligence of the Law by Ar- reftment and Poinding; and for extending the Privi- lege of Bills to Promissory Notes; and for limiting " Actions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part ' " of Great Britain called Scotland," for a further Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Lord Frederick ,&c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Regulation The House, according to Ordef, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Civis the Bill for1 the better Regulation of His Majesty’s Civil xftibiithatati. Establishments, and of certain Public Offices; for the Limitation of Pensions, and the Supprelhon of sundry useless, expensive, and inconvenient Places; and for applying the Monies saved thereby to the Public Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ehves took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he wasdirested by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

American The Order of the Day being read, for taking into e‘ Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to allow the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Great Britain, and all other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions, to such Towns, Ports, or Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty’s Government, Fleet, or Armies, and from such Towns, Ports, or Places, to Great Britain, or any other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions, in the same Manner as before the passing of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the " Colonies of New Hampshire, Bay, Rhode

" Island, Comnefficut, New York, New Jersey, \

the Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, " Virginia, North Carolina, South and

"during the Continuance of the present Rebellion " within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing " an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing " and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares,

" and Merchandize, at the Town, anti within the Harbour, of Bojion, in the Province of MaJJdchufet's M Bay; and also, Two Acts, made in the last Session of *Parliament, for retraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; u and to enable any Person or Persons appointed and authorized by His Majesty to grant Pardons, to issue " Proclamations in the Cafes, and for the Purposes,

" therein mentioned; "

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn j It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Supply Bill: The House was moved. That the Order made upon

Wednesdaylaft, for the House to resolve itself into a

Committee of the whole House, upon Monday Morning next, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said several Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, vending, or felling of, Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate *, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon next,

at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing " an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intftuled, An Act for the more easy and better recruiting " of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, and for " substituting other and more effectual Provisions in the " place thereof."

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

L,un<zy i° die Mali;

Anno ao* Georgii III'" Regis, 1780. Prayers.

MR. Marsham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to effect an Exchange between Sir Peachy , Baronet, and others, Trustees of an Alms House, or House of Charity, at Pein the County of Sussex, and George Obrien, Earl of Egremont, of certain Lands and Tenements belonging to the said Charity, for other Lands and Tenements belonging to the said Earl of Egremont, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House. without any Amendment: And be delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of William Smith, of Lower Brook Street, in the County of Middlesex, Doctor of Physic, was pre* fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner has perused a Petition, purporting to be a Memorial of His Majesty’s Justices assigned to keep the Peace in the County of Middlesex: And, as some of the Allegations therein contained, affect the Petitioner’s Reputation and Veracity with respect to his Conduct before a Committee of the House, be requests the Indulgence of the

Recrortinj the Land Forets.

Ways and Means,

Supply,

Petworth

Charity

and

Exchange.

Dr, Smith'! Attendant on the State of London Gaols,

Petition respecting Manning the Navy.

Onslow’s

Marriage

Settlement.

Wright’s

Name.

20 Geo. III. i4

the rtoufe, That he may he heard, by himself or Agents, before the Committee, to whom the said Memorial is referred, in order to vindicate himself against what is contained in the said Memorial injurious to his Cha-rafter.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition, purporting to be a Memorial of His Majesty’s Justices assigned to keep the Peace in the County of is referred; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks lit.

Ordered, That the said Committee do report their Opinion to the House, upon the Matters contained in the several Petitions referred to their Consideration.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Mailers of Ships and Vessels, and others concerned in the Commercial interclls of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have often experienced very considerable Damages, Delays, and Distress, by the present Mode of Manning the Royal Navy, to which they have patientiy submitted, as no Svflern hath hitherto been found proper to remedy thele Lvils; and that the Petitioners have seen, and maturely considered, a Maritime Syllem, composed by Mr. John Green, which they (being experienced in Maritime Affairs) are fully persuaded will, with such Alterations and Amendments as the House may think proper to make, l'peedily and effectually man the Royal Navy, without the Practice of Imprelling, so soon as Mariners can be made sensible of the general Encouragement which those in the Fellowship of Seamen (holding themselves ready to serve the State) will be entitled to, and it will also be attended with great Advantages to the Commercial Interests of this Kingdom, which it will effectually relieve from the many Hardships it has hitherto laboured under: And therefore praying the House to take the said Plan into their Consideration, and pal's the Whole, or such Part of it, into a Law', as may appear useful and necessary for the Good of the State in general.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Lord John Pelham Clinton reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Ord, Esquire, and John Ef-

quire, Trustees named in the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the honourable Thomas Onslow with Arabella his now Wife, to fell the Rents, Services, Dut ies. Reliefs, Heriots, and other Dues and Payments, payable, or to be performed or rendered, by the Tenants of the several Manors or Lord ships comprized in the said Settlement, and to enfranchise the Copyhold Tenements held of such Manors or Lordflrips; and for laying out the Money which shall aril'e by such Sale and Enfranchisement, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses to which the said Manors or Lordships do now {land settled, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had dire died him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s '1'able.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Lord John Pelham Ciinton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An irigrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Lgi/by, Esquire, (lately called John Wright) to take, ule, and bear, the Surname and Arms of VOL. 37.

pursuant to the Will of Sir John Ingilby, Baronet, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John 'Goodricke, Mr. Darker, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Stratton mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Audley other Commonable hands and Grounds, of and within Ldofure. the Manors and Parishes of Stratton in the County of Oxford, and Caver field, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Darker,

Mr. Townsheud, he.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " An Explanatory Supplement to Account " the Account of Fee?, &c. drawn out and dated 16th presented.

" March, 1780, by II'ilHam Beldam, in pursuance of

" an Order of the House of Commons, of the 2d March " 1780."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums ordered to be reserved in the Hands of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, out of the Monies voted for the Subfiffonce of an Augmentation to sundry Regiments of Foot, in the Year 1779.

A Petition of the Manufacturers and Tradesmen re- impr‘ftnx»M siding in or near the Towns of Bradford, Trowbridge, De^.rC i and Melksham, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirly-Econd Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Debtor?, with " respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to " oblige Debtors, who flial 1 continue in Execution in " Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not " exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make " Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit; " and Setting forth, That if the same pafles into a Law in its present Form, it will, as the Petitioners apprehend, be of the most pernicious Consequence to Trade and Credit in general, and give Encouragement to the fraudulent Practices of wicked and designing Debtors, and will, in many Cafes, be mischievous to the Debtor as well as the Creditor, and cause great Stagnation to all Inland Trade, to the great Distress and Ruin of many innocent and induflricus Families: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House thall Item meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

Account: Sums in Paymaster General’s Hands.

A Petition of the several Innholders and Victuallers residing within the City of Ckichester, and Borough of Lezve*, and their Environs, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the present Mode of quartering Soldiers, and of the Hardships which the Petitioners allege they labour under, from the great Number of Foot Soldiers and Dragoons quartered upon them: And praying thf House to afford their same the moll serious Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

9 U An

Petition

of

It. nli ciders

resprcting

quartering of Troops.

Gee’s

Name.

i° Mali.

A. 1780.

Bounty on

(Corn U GiVin.

Walton ^pon Th*me» Bridge*

Xhe Rolls EiUte.

Lord

Walpole’s

and

Coke’s

Kltates.

Accounts: Wages of the Ship Thunderer.

An ingrossed Bill from the t>ords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Gee the Younger, Esquire, an.l his Ifluc Male, to^ake and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Carezv, pursuant to the Will of Sir Nicholas Hacfott Carew, Baronet, deceased, was read a Second

riv

11 me.

Refjlved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mill's, Mr. Marsham,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Peche/l:

Mr- Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain, in Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for building a Bridge crols the River from the

Parish of Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to S/iepperton, in the County of Middlesexwithout any

Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Twelfth Year " of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, " The Master of the Rolls impowered to make Leases " for Years, in order to new-build the old Houses " belonging to the Rolls; and for the better regulating the Method of granting Leases of the said Rolls " Estate for the future: and for making Compenfa-'* tion to the Earl of Macclesfield and Sir Thomas Sewell, " for their beneficial Rights and Interests in certain " Leases made of the Rolls Estate; and for regulating " the Method of making Leases of the said Estate for " the futurewithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange, agreed to be made between the Right honourable Horatio Lord Walpole and Thomas William Coke, Esquire, of divers Lands in the County of Norfolk, comprized in the Marriage Settlement of the said Horatio Lord Walpole, and deviled by the Will of Thomas Earl of Leicester, tleceaftd j and for settling the Lands given in Exchange to each Party, to such and the same Uses as the Lands for which the same are exchanged flood settled and limited; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies due on Wages to the several Seamen and Marines serving in His Majesty’s Ship Thunderer, at the Time that the last Payments thereupon w'ere made to all or any of the Crew of the said Ship, together with the Date and Amount of the Sums then issued to Seamen and Marines respectively.

Ditto Ordered, That there be laid, before this House, an Ac* of the count of all Monies clue on Wages to the several Seamen Invincible, and Marines serving in His Majesty’s Ship Invincible, at the Time that the late Mutiny or Disturbance arole on board the said Ship.

Securing the Pock Yard? £c.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to veil certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth, Chatham, and Sheerntfa*and for better defending the Passage of

<c

the River Thames at Grave fend and Tilbury Fort: And that Sir Charles Cocks and Sir Richard Sutton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consuleration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to allow the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Great Britain, and all other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions, to such Towns, Ports, or Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty’s Government, Fleet, or Armies, and from such Towns, Ports, or Places, to Great , or any other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions, in the same Manner as before the passing of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse " with the Colonies of New Massachuset's

Bay, Rhode If and, Connecticut, New Fork, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively i for repealing an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to difeon-tinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour, of , in the

Province of Massachuset's Bay; and also Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for restraining " the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said " Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and authorized by His Majesty to grant Pardons, to issue Proclamations

in the Cafes, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 1. After " Whereas" insert " by," and in the same Line after " Parliament " leave out " was."

I. 28. After " mentioned " insert " it was

" among other Things Declared u and Enacted, That all Manner " of Trade and Commerce was and u should be prohibited with the " said Colonies; and that all Ships " or Vessels of, or belonging to, " the Ilf id Colonies, together with their Cargo, Apparel, and Furniture, and all other Ships or Vessels whatsoever, together with their Cargoes, Apparel, and Furniture, which should be found trading in any Port or Place of the said Colonies, or going to trade, or coming from trading, in any such Port or Place, should become forfeited to His Majesty, as if the same were the Ships and Effects of open Enemies, and should be so adjudged, deemed, ^nd taken in all Courts of Admiralty, and in all other Courts " whatsoever."

J. 25, After " it" leave out " is found," and insert " maybe;" and in the same Line, and Line 30, after " expedient," leave out " and necef-a fary," and insert " for the prefenc."

I.31. After " from" leave out " the different Ports of."

Pr. 1.

K

American

Trade.

T

zo Geo. III.

Mail.

811

Pr. i

1 iz 1 After Britain"leave out " or any aid ] " other Parts of His Majesty s Dom.-33 j nions," and insert " and Ireland,

3 and after " to ’’ leave out " such,

<c rertain.

1. 36 1 After Majesty s leave out " w-and > " vernment* Fleet, or Armies, and 37. J insert " Arms." tt

Pr. a. I. r. After " Britain" leave out "or any, " and insert Ireland and."

1. 2. After " Dominions" insert u under " such Limitation, Restrictions, " and Regulations, as to the Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s " Forces, or other Commanding Officer in such Ports, Towns, " or Places respectively, shall seem " necessary.

L10. Leave out from " the" to "And" in Line ult. of the same Press, and insert " the First Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty, it shall be lawful to car-u ry from Great Britain or " to any Town, Port, or Place, within the said Colonies (which " One of His Majesty’s Principal " Secretaries of State shall have certified to the Commissioners of " the Customs in Great Britain, " and to the Commissioners of the *' Revenue in Ireland, respectively, to be under the Protection of His <c Majesty’s Arms) Provisions, and u other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in any Ship or Vessel, " which before the passing of the Adi above recited, might lawfully " have traded to His Majesty’s Plantations, the same being duly " cleared out for that Purpose, and the Quantity and Quality of the Provisions, Goods, Wares, and " Merchandizes, on board the fame,

being particularly specified in such Clearances; and a Bond being first " given by the Master of such Ship or Vessel, with Two sufficient Sureties in Two thousand Five hundred Pounds if the said Vessel be under One hundred Tons, or Five thousand Pounds if above, to the " Collector or principal Officer of " the Customs, in the Port from ‘‘ which such Ship or Vessel shall " depart, for their proceeding directly to, and delivering such Provisions, Goods, Wares, and . " Merchandizes, at, such Port,

" Town, or Place of Dcftination, " for which such Cargo shall have " been entered and declared at the " Time of the Clearance thereof, and for producing such Certificate of the Delivery of the said «« Cargo, as is herein after mention- ed, within Eighteen Months, to the said Collector or principal Officer to whom such Bond shall have been given; the said Ship or " Vessel al so carrying a Certificate,

« under the Hand and Seal of the said Officer, of such Bond having

Vol. 37.

«« been given, which Certificate

« such Officer is hereby required rosign and seal accordingly; and no such Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo, Apparel, or Furniture, " thereof, shall become forfeited to " His Majesty, or shall be lo deemed, adjudged, or taken, in any Court of Admiralty, or other " Court whatsoever; any Thing " in the said recitedAd to thecontrary notwithstanding."

Pr. a. 1.40. Leave out from " the" to "Naval" in Press 3. Line 3.

Pr. 3. I. 4. Leave out " or any," and Insert " offleer or."

1. 3, Leave out from " the " to " Commander" in Line 7; and in the same Line after " Chief" insert " of " His Majesty’s Forces in America, " or in his Absence by the Comr " manding Officer of His Majesty’s " Troops."

1. 8. Leave out from Place" to " the" in Line 12, and insert which shall " have been certified in Manner " aforesaid, to be under the Pro- tedion of His Majesty’s Arms, " shall forthwith, after the landing " of."

1.13. After " Merchandize " leave out " have " been landed."

I.15. After " Clearance" insert "give," and in the same Line leave out " such " and insert " a."

I. 16. After " Certificates" insert " under " his Hand and Seal."

1.18. Leave out from " Vessel" to " and" in Line 22 of the same Press, and insert " of such Goods being landed " accordingly."

I.25 & 7Leave out " for any Vessel loaded 26. j " with," and insert " to carry."

1. 29. Leave out " to proceed," and in the same Line leave out any," and insert " such."

I.31. Leave out " are or may," and insert " shall have been certified as aforesaid to."

1. 32. Leave out " aforesaid," and insert " of His Majesty’s Arms."

]. 33. Leave out from " Britain" to " And" in Line 35, and insert " Ireland,

" found land, Halifax, Quebec, East " Florida, West , or the British West India Islands, in any such " Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, being " duly entered, declared, and cleared out, with such Naval Officer, " or other Officers as aforesaid, and " the Quantity and Quality of the " Provisions, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Prize Goods on " board the fame, being particuJarly specified in such Clearances;

and a Bond being first given to " the Naval Officer, or other Officer as aforesaid, by the Master of such Ship or Vessel, with One " sufficient Surety, in One thou-«« sand Pounds if the said Vessel abe under One hundred Tons,

« or Two thousand Pounds if " above, for such Ship or Vessel " proceeding directly to, and dc-« livering such Provisions, Goods, uWares, Merchandize, and^rme

American

Trade.

8n

i° Mail. A- 1780-

« C

u

Goods, at, the Place of Destination for which the same shall " have been declared, at the Time " of the Clearances; the said Ship " or Vessel also carrying on board " a Certificate under the Hand and " Seal of such Officer, of such " Bond having been given, which " Certificate such Officer is hereby required to lign and seal; and no such Ship or Vessel, or the " Cargo, Apparel, or Furniture " thereof, shall become forfeited to " His Majesty, or shall be so deemed, adjudged, or taken, in any " Court of Admiralty, or other " Court whatsoever, any Thing in the fiiid recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding. And be " it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s " Forces in America, or the Commanding Officer of the Troops " at such Town, Port, or Place " as aforesaid, is hereby authorized " and required to appoint such " Naval or other Officer as aforesaid, for the Purposes before mentioned."

3. 1.3;. After "the" insert "said."

1.36^ Leave out " Governor, Lieutenant " Governor, Commander in Chief, " of the Province or Colony for " the Time being, or;" and in the same Line, after " Naval," insert " Officer."

After " or," leave out " any."

Leave out " from appointed " to " shall" in Line 9, and insert " as " aforesaid."

After " take," leave out " the ufoal," and insert " such further."

After " Bonds," leave out, " given " upon Ex[)ortation."

After " grant "insert " such."

After " and" leave out " the usual."

I. 16. Leave out from " Vessel " to the End of the Clause, and insert " as by " any Law now in being may be " requillte to such Vessel or Cargo, " which shall be as valid and effectual as those taken or granted " in the like Cafes by His Majesty’s " Governors, and by the Officers of " His Majesty’s Customs in " vie a."

Atthe End of the Bill insert Clauses (A.) (B.) and (C.)

Clause (A.) " Provided always, and be it further " Enacted by the Auth.ority aforesaid. That such Importation and " Exportation as aforesaid, of the " above mentioned Provisions, " Goods, Wares, Merchandizes,

" and Prize Goods, into or out of " any such Town, Port, or Place,

" shall lie subject to such Limitation, llcflrict ions, and Regulations, as may have been or shall " be established by the Commander " in Chief ot His Majesty's Forces " in America, or by the Commandfog Officer of His Majesty's " Troops in such Port, Town, or " Place."

Clause (B.) " Provided also, and it is hereby " further Enacted, That the said

Pr.

and

’ n.

and 1 ft Line of Press 4.

Pr. 4. 1. 2. 3-

1. 11.

1.12.

1. 13. 1. 1

" recited Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His Majesty’s " Reign, shall continue in full " Force and Effect, to all Intents,

" and in all Respects, except lo " far as the same is hereby varied " in Favour of Ships or Vessels,

" and their Cargoes, proceeding " according to the Terms of this " Act."

Clause (C.) " And be it further Enacted, Thdt " this present Act shall continue in " Force to the First Day of March,

" which shall be in the Year of our " Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, and na longer."

In the Title of the Bill.

1. 2. After " and" leave out " all other " Parts of His Majesty's Dominions," and insert " ;"

and after the Word " to," in Line 3, leave out " such," and insert " certain."

1. 5. After Majesty's" leave out " Goveniment, Fleet, or Armies," and infer t " Arms."

1. 6. After " Britain " leave out " or any," and insert " and."

I. 7. Leave out from " Dominions " to the End of the Title.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, America resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade between Great Britain and North America.

A Petition of His Majesty’s loyal Profestant Sub- Ro" jests, Inhabitants of the King's.Town and Parish of C.du&a AJaidstone, in the County of Kent, and Villages adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, fen Able of the many Blcls-ings which as Protestants and Britans they enjoy, cannot but be alarmed at an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year or the Reign of His present Majesty, repealing certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on the Papiffo bya Statute enacted in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of William the Third, for further preventing the Growth of Popery; and that it is with the deepest Concern they petition the House against a Law which has already received the Royal Afi'ent; but as this Act was so iuddenly introduced, and so haftilv passed, before the Sense of the Nation at large could be obtained, or any Opposition formed against it, they are encouraged to hope, that this Application will not prove too late for Redrels: And . therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the Act lately passed in Favour of the Papi (Is.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, t Copy of a Memorial lately published in France, inti- of the tuled, " Observations on the Jullifyrng Memorial ot FrenchCout

the King of Great Britain."

Tl le Order of the Day being read, for the House to Comroiiwi resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners Accuuqu. to examine, take, and (late, the PuB'ic Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the 1 lands of Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service* and what Defc&s there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for, Public Money, and in what more expe- ditious

o

o

JrmnfoTir.ent of Debtors.

Expenditure

of

Public Money.

Cali of the House.

Ways and Means.

20 Geo. III.

ditious and effectual, and less expensive, Manner the said Services can in future be regulated, and carried on for the Benefit of the Public;

The i joule was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 15th Day of 1667, of the Order for appointing a Committee to consider of the Bill, formerly depending, concerning the Public Accounts, and to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the effectual taking and examining of the Accounts of the Monies received and disbursed upon the Public Account, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 26th and 29th Days of October, the 19th, 21ft, 26th, and 29th Days of vember, and the 2d and 12th Days of December 1667, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Bill for examining and taking the Accounts of Public Monies, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 29th Day of ‘January and the 5th Day of February 1691, of the Report of the Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, touching the Amendments made by their Lordships to the additional Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdoms together with the Report of their Lordships’ Answer to the said Reasons, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they bad made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon the 9th

Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

And the House having continued to tic till nearThree of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for Relief of " Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their " Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue " in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the " Ad, to make Dilcovciy of, and deliver upon Oath, " their Estates for their Creditors Benefit."

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of York, and also the teveral other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till Afonday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received upon Morning

next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Vo L. 37.

Mail. 813

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to tiis Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, tleven of the Clock.

____________________;_____________ __________

Martis, 2° die Mail;

Anno 2o* Georgii III1'1 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

SI R John 'Thor old reported from the Committee, to Welboom whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Indofiire. Heath Lands called The South Heaths and The North Heath, in the Parish of Welbourn cum in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 23th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

O

Mr. Darker presented to the House, according to Elections: Order, a Bill for more effectually preventing Bribery Preventing and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Bnbery* Parliament, by imposing an Oath to be taken by any Candidate at such Election: And the same was received , and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time!

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Alonday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Parker reported from the Committee; to whom Importation the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal ^oreign^a<e* Merchants and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Collumpton, in the County of Devon; and also the Petition of the principal Merchants and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon-, and also the Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of the Town of Wellington, in the County of Somerset, were severally referred; That the Committee had received further Evidence upon the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in hi*

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the iame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the more effectually preventing the " pernicious Practices of Smuggling in this Kingdom;

" and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty " of Offences against the Laws of the Customs and Excise, upon the Terms therein mentioned," was read: And,

9 X Edward

Importation

of

Foreign Lace.

814

Edward Hague, Esquire, informed your Committee, That by the Laws now in force, a Duty of Sixteen Pence per Yard is laid upon the Importation into this Kingdom of Foreign Thread Lace, of all Qualities, which by the said recited Act has been enforced — That the said Duty amounts to a Prohibition of the lower Sort of such Lace, being more than'its real V alue — That before the passing of the said Act, this Duty upon1 Importation was evaded; the lower Sort of such Lice has chiefly been consumed in England, being brought in clandeffinely; but by

th’e Clauses in the fai'd Ad, that Pradiee cannot be continued — That the better Sort of fetch Lace could afford, and did pay, the Duty, cV the Postage, which was equal to the Duty.

That the British Minister at has confirmed

the Advices received by the Merchants concerned in the Flanders Trade, that the Imperial Court had premeditated a heavy Duty on all Manufactures

imported into their Dominions — That he believes the British Exports, of different Kinds, imported into the Low Countries, amounts in Value to about 800,000 per Annum-, and that the Value of the Importation of Foreign Thread Lace into this Kingdom, does not amount to £ .50,000 per Annum: Then

A Member present produced to your Committee, Letters from Courtray and Ghent; (fating, that the Imperial Ambassador had apprized the Minister of the Determination of the Imperial Court, to lay a Duty of Sixteen Pence per Yard on all Woollen

Manufactures imported into the Low Countries, unless the Duty of Sixteen Pence per Yard, upon Foreign Thread Lace imported into this Kingdom, be reduced: And

Mr. Hague being again called, was of Opinion, That if instead of the present Duties upon Foreign Thread Lace imported into this Kingdom; a Duty of Ten Cent. ad Valorem, was laid, according to the different

Species of Lace, the same would give a fuflident Security to the British Manufacturers, and would likewise give Satisfaction to the Imperial Court: Then

A Member present produced to your Committee a Letter from Samuel Unwin, Junior, of Sutton, near Mansfield; inclosing Copy of a Letter from his Correspondents in Flanders, — Copies of which are hereunto annexed, N* 1 and 1.

Mr. Samuel Wor thing ton produced a Letter from Jonas Vander Straeton, his Correspondent at dated nth January 1780; and also a Letter from Green, dated Leeds, 8th April 1780. — Copies of which Letters are also hereunto annexed, N* 3 and 4.

And being examined, he laid, He was an Exporter of Woollen Goods to Flandas, and lived in Jeffrey Square, Saint Mary Axe.

That he had heard his Predecessor say, that about 30 or 40 Years ago the Woollen Goods exported on Commission from his House amounted to from 30 to £.40,000 a Year — That ever since that Time the Trade has been exceedingly declining in , owing

to the Manufacturers going abroad to Flanders; when they found the Merchants would not give them Orders, they applied to the Shopkeepers, who, willing to become Merchants, gave the Manufacturers Orders, and by that Means the People abroad correspond with the Manufacturers.

That the Returns made to him to the Exports are good Bills of Exchange, or Orders to draw upon Jlerdam; and sometimes they make Returns in Guineas: Then

Mr. Josiah Jowett (Partner with in

Capel Court, London) being examined, said, He is concerned in the Export of Goods by Commission to Flanders from London; at present to not more than £. 20,000 per Annum — That there are not many Woollen Goods lent from London; they are chiefly from the Country — That the Exports consist at present of Lead, Tin, Sugar, and Prize Goods, of all Sorts —

At 1780.

That the Proportion of Exports from London, is about £. i,oooo; from Shrezvfimyto the Amount of 6,000; and from Manchester from 30 to £. 40,000 a Year; the chief Article lent from thence is Printed Cotton — That the Value of Woollens exported from different Parts, amounts to between 30 and 40/000 a Year; and the Returns to those Exports are chiefly Bills upon People in London and some Returns are made rn Gold — That 6-yths are in Bills of Exchange and Money — That the greatest Part of the Foreign Lace is smuggled into this Country: Then

Mr. Edward Bridgen, of Paternofier Row, an Im* porter of Foreign Thread Lace, being examined, said. He had been in the Business between 30 and 40 Years — That there is a great Demand for Common Lace — That he deals chiefly in fine Lace — That the Lace imported into this Country amounts to about 150,000 a Year; he grounded his Opinion from the Quantity fold.

That before the Act of last Session, he kas received several Letters from Flanders, offering to Lnfure Lace into his House for £. 10 per Cent. — That they import Thread for the Buckinghamshire Manufactory, perhaps

to the Amount of £. 30,000 or £. 40,000 a Year, which all comes to London — That he imports perhaps £. 2,000 a Year; and if such Thread should be denied coming, the Lace Manufactory in Buckinghamshire would drop — That it is smuggled out of French Flanders into the Austrian Dominions, bleached in Flanders, and imported into Great Britain — That he mentioned this Circumstance of the Thread, because it is in the Power of the Imperial Court to prohibit it, to the Ruin of the Manufactory here: Then

Mr. Abraham Benjamin, of Saint Mary Axe, was examined, who said, He is an Exporter of Woollen Goods of all Sorts from hence to Flanders, and has been about 30 Years in England — That he makes l'ome Returns in Lace from Flanders, and has a House established there — That some Years he has exported Goods to the Amount of from 20 to £. 30,000 a Year — That he does not lay out above 3 or £. 4,boo a Year in Lace; he receives the rest in Money and Bills of Exchange — That the Duty upon Goods imported

into Flanders does not amount to more than£.10 per Cent, upon an Average.

That about 7 or 8 Years ago, a Calculation was made (taken from the Custom House Books in Flanders) of the Exports from this Country to Flanders, which he law; they amounted to about 1,500,000 a Year — That the Proportion of Woollen Goods is more than Half a Million a Year — That there is nothing wore in general in that Country, but Eng/ish Manufactures — That he supposes the Lace imported into this Country amounts to from too to £.100,000 per Annum — That he believes the Determination of the Court of , is to lay a Duty of Sixteen Pence a Yard upon Woollen Goods — That he has received Letters withina Fortnight from that Country; stating, that if the Duty on the Importation of Lace is not lowered, the Duty upon Woollen Goods will take place — That the Woollen Goods which are not consumed in the Austrian Dominions are sent to Germany. — And the Witness added. That he exports upon his own Account all the Goods he fends.

(Copy) N* 1.

My Lord,

Presuming that a Bill either is, or shortly will be brought into Parliament, to regulate the Duty imposed on Foreign Thread Lace, I take the Liberty of transmitting your Lordship the inclosed relating thereto, which I have received from some Correspondents in the Austrian Dominions; to which I beg Leave to add, that such Regulation as is therein pointed out, appears to me very necessary to be made, otherwise the Sale

2* Ma.

20 Geo. III. 2° Mali. 8ic

of the Staple Manufactufes of this Kingdom, particularly those of Wool, mud bs materially injured, by heavy Duties being imposed on all such as may be exported to, orpafs through, the Dominions, for

other Parts, as a Retaliation for exorbitant Duties laid on the Lace of that Country, on Importation into this Kingdom.

I believe it is unnecessary to explain to your Lordship how much many of the Fanners now i'uffer, on Account of the very reduced Price of Wool; and that the Landed Interest must in some Measure be affected thereby. — It never can be good Policy to endeavour to establish the Lace Manufactory in this Kingdom, to the Prejudice of the Woollen Manufactories, which are by far the bed adapted to this Country; whilst that of Lace can never have any great Stability here, because the Manufacturers are obliged to other Countries for the Materials which they work upon, and have to contend with those who have Labour at a much cheaper Rate; consequently more real Benefit to this Kingdom must arise by an Exchange of Commodities between the Two Countries, than from any other Plan interfering with our Woollen Trade which can be adopted. If your Lordship shall concur in this opinion, I doubt not you will give the Bill which I have mentioned, such Countenance and Support, when the Matter shall come before the House, as may seem necessary.

I have the Honour to be, my Lord,

Your Lordship’s moll obedient Servant,

Sutton, 20 March i 780.

Sam1 Unwin, Junior.

R‘ HWe Lord Edwd Bent hick,

House of Commons, West-

mivfer.

(Copy) N* 2.

An Affair of the utmost Importance to the Commerce ol G’Vi:/ Britain in general, and to the Interest of the manufacturing Towns in particular, will apologize for my addrelung you on the following Occasion.

An Act to prevent Smuggling having past the Parliament during the lad; Sessions, containing a Clause which enaCls, That all Foreign Thread Lace that shall in future be imported into Great Britain, shall be marked and sealed at both Ends of each Piece; and if any such Foreign Thread Lace shall be hereafter found in any Shop or Warehouse, without such Mark and Seal, the same to be seized; and very severe Penalties (specified in the said Clause) are incuireJ by the Offender.

Be pleated to observe, that previous to the passing of the above-mentioned Act of Parliament, all Foreign Thread Lace imported into Great Britain were lub-jedted to the Payment of a Duty of Sixteen Pence per Yard, without making any Distinction of Value, so that a Yard of Lace, worth only Six Pence, paid a Duty equal to a Yard of Lace of the value of Five Pounds, an Imposition io unequal and unjust in its Principles, joined with the Facility of running Goods of this Kind, could not fail to produce a 5warm of Smugglers; and it may be reasonably presumed, that not Five Yards In a Thousand paid the Duty, and consequently the Revenue was very little benefited by such an Itnpost.

This Duty however was not in any Manner prejudicial to the Lace Manufacturers of this Country, as it was a Matter of Indifference to them whether their Lace was purchased by the Smugglers or fair Trader, provided they could find a sufficient Vent for their Manufactures; but the carrying into Execution the above-mentioned Clause, withrel'pest to the low-priced Laces, must operate as an absolute Prohibition, the exorbitant Duty of Sixteen Pence per Yard on Lace of Vol. 37.

fnull Value present their Importation by the fair Trader, as the felling Price can never support the Duty; and with respect to Smugglers, the Efteft will be the fame, the heavy Penalties inflicted upon the Offender, must deter them from carrying on a Trade attended with so great a Risque; so that in both Cafes the Lace Manufacturers of this Country, foreseefiig that the said Clause must crush their ancient and ilaple Commerce with Great Britain, has spread a general Alarm amongst the Traders interested in this Branch; they have in consequence presented a Petition to this Government, in order to endeavour to obtain from the British Legislature an Act of Parliament, to permit the Importation of Thread Lace from this Country, ort the Payment of a Duty of £.10 per Cent, on the Value, in same Manner as almost all the British Ma-nufadures are taxed in this Country; should this rea-(onable Request meet with a Refusal on the Part of the British Government, the Petitioners humbly hope that her Imperial Majesty will be pleased to impose such Duties on the British Manufactures imported into her Dominions, as may be equivalent to a Prohibition — In consequence of this Petition, Government here, having thoroughly examined the Nature of the Trade carried on between this Country and Great Britain, find that various Articles, of the different Kind of Manufactures, freight near 150 Vessels from the different Ports of Great Britain to the Port of OJiend, all of which are fully freighted with different Articles of British Produce; and that most of these Vessels return to England in Batlaft; they also find that Thread Lace is the only and foie Manufacture imported into England from this Country, consequently a considerable Bal ance of Trade refu!ts to England from this Country, of which the constant high Price of Exchange in Favour of England is a convincing Proof: This Government is therefore clearly of Opinion, that it is highly unjust that the foie Manufacture of this Country imported into Great Britain, should be loaded with a Duty equivalent to a Prohibition. Instructions have in consequence been transmitted to the Imperial Am-ballad or at the Court of London, for him to endeavour to obtain Red refs; and in case of Refusal, to declare that equivalent Duties will be laid on the Manufactures of Great Britain imported into the dnftrian Dominions, which will operate equal to a Prohibition.

It is needless to enlarge on this Point; the pernicious Consequence of such an Imposition may prove fatal to the Trade of many thousand British Manufacturers, and deprive the Nation of a very beneficial Branch of Commerce.

It highly regards therefore your Interest, Sir, as well as that of every Well-wisher to the British Trade, to second the Efforts of the Imperial Arnbaffador, to obtain the Permission to import Laces into Great Britain, paying io per Cent. on the Value, as the only Means ot rc-establishing a good Understanding between the Two Countries, increasing the British Revenue, and preventing entirely the smuggling of this Article in future, to the great Benefit of the British Nation in general.

In order to obtain theie Benefits, I beg Leave to recommend a Meeting of the Parties interested in your Neighbourhood, to consult on the most proper and effectual Means t6 prevent this threatening Evil, by instructing your Representative in Parliament to use his utmost Endeavours to have the above-mentioned Clause repealed } and to obtain an Act of Parliament, that the Laces of this Country may be admitted to enter,- on paying the above-mentioned Duty.

The only plausible Objection that can be produced against this deiirable Act of Parliament (as far as I can suggest) is, that the Lace Manufacturer in England will be prejudiced *, in Answer to which I beg Leave to remark, that if the English Manufacturer cannot bring his Commodity to Market on equal Terms with the

Foreign

Importation

of

Foreign Lacew

8i

foreign Lace charged with i o per Cent. Duty, exclu-five of Freight and other Charges attending the Importation, it appears to me that the English Manufacturer merits little Preference from Government; at all Events, the Profits arising to a few Manufacturers of Lace in Great Britain can never be brought in Competition with tue Lois that must be incurred by the numerous British Merchants and Manufacturers interested in the extensive and advantageous Commerce at present carried on between England and the Dominions in Germany, Italy, and The should her Imperial Majesty think proper to fhaclde the British Trade with heavy Duties equivalent to a Prohibition.

a

Z (Copy) Gattd ee 11 Janvf 17 So.

fL Mr. Sam. Worthington,

y a Loudr

Monsieur,

L’ Ambassadeur Imperial ayant declare a vos Mi-niftres comme vous le fcavez, qu’en cas votre Gouverne-ment ne diminue les Droits fur nos Dentelles, et ne les mette a* 10 per Cent, notre Governement chargeroit vos Articles da 16 d. per Yd. commee le font les Dentelles

chezvous; comme cela nous regarde reciproquement je vous prie de faire votre possible pres vos lieprefcn-tans en Parlement (ce conjointement avec vos Confreres) afin qu’ils faflent leurs Efforts pour obte.njr la Cessation de ce Bill, et que les Droits loient mis a IO per Cent, a Condition que notre Gouvernement fasse de meme fur vos Etoffes, ce qu’efperant je fuis parfaite-ment,

Monsieur,

Votre tres humble Serviteur,

J. Funder Straelen.

P S. II doit etre charge de faire la meme Declaration a Regard.

N* 4.

(Copy) Leed, the &th April 17 So. Mr. Sam1 Worthington.

Sir,

My last Message to Mr. , by your Favour,

has brought me an agreeable Answer from him, and I find his Fears are likely to be realized; for I am now translating an Italian Letter, signifying, that by a new Edufl from the Imperial Court, all our Woollen Manufactures are prohibited in The We are to

have a Meeting of our Merchants, so soon as I am ready frith feme Papers, this Evening, on the Subject of the Lace Business.

Recommending these Two inclosed Letters to forward, I am, with much Respect,

Sir,

Your moll bumble Servant,

Ro' Green.

P.S. Just now has occurred to draw upon you £. 12 a 45 d. Date, Order James ,which please to

honour.

To Mr. Sam1 Worthington, in London.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. WyJdborereported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill trom the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Lewis Lochee, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

3.*

1780.

And the said kill was read the Third Timo

Rcfo/ved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wyldborcdo carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

The House being informed that Mr. Dailey, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Ships, being British Property, reported inwards, in the Port of London, from xIt January 1772 to the 1 ft January 1780; distinguishing each Year; and also distinguishing each Ship, the Date of the Report, her Name, the Port from whence flie came, whether Britisfo, Plantation, or Foreign built, her Burthen, the Number of Men British, and the Number of Men Foreigners, by whom the was navigated, besides the Master: And also,

An Account of all Ships, being Foreign Property, reported inwards, in the Port of London, from ift^a-nuary 1772 to the ill January 1780; distinguishing each Year; and also distinguishing each Ship, the Date of the Report, her Name, the Port from whence she came, whether British, Plantation, or Foreign built, her Burthen, the Number of Men B, and the Number of Men Foreigners, by whom (he was navigated, besides the Master.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Books containing the said Accounts, was read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act against the " exporting of Sheep, Wool, Wool-fells, Mortiings,

" Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, Wool-flocks, Fullers-Earth, Fulling-Clay, and Tobacco-pipe Clay," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as restrains the Removal of Wool, and other Articles, to certain Times and Hours therein mentioned.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Record of the Court of King’s Bench, in the same of

William Parker;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt, and for regulating the Exportation of Salt to Isle of Man, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt, and for regulating the Exportation of Salt to 'The Isle of Man.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the real Estates of 'Thomas More Mo/yneux, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of such of his Debts and Legacies as now remain unsatisfied, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

Accounts: Trade and Navigation,

Regulating the Removal of Wool,

Motion for a Paper.

Isle of Man.

Molyne'j.t

EitutCi.

20 Geo. III. 2° Mail. 817

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Moseley A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Inclosure. Waste Grounds within the Township of otherwise Moseley, in the Parish of and also the Open

Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kirk in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Elzvcs, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

American Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Tndc. |0 ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade between Great Britain and North America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to allow the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Great Britain to certain Towns, Ports, or Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty’s Arms, and from such Towns, Ports, or Places, to Great and other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions.

And Sir Grey Cooper moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to allow the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Great Britain to certain Towns, Ports, or Places in North which are or may

be under the Protection of His Majesty’s Arms, and from such Towns, Ports, or Places, to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions: And that Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Eden, Mr. Alderman Hay ley. Sir Adam FerguJJ'on, Lord George Germain, the Lord North, Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Grey, Sir Charles Banbury, and Mr. Mansfield, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Halifax, The Order of the Day being read, for the Second *S: Reading of the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made

e ts* in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley Calverly, Batley,

Mirfield, Hartifield cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburlon, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship cr Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the several Petitions for and against the said Bill were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and Farmers, residing within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley,

Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Vo l.37.

Kirkburlon, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were heard; and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petition, and went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel for tlje Bill was also heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Sir John Thorold, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy,

Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and Farmers, residing within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley,

Bingley, Guifely, Calverley, Batley, Birjiall, Mirfield,

Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirk-burton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of

whose Names are thereto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers,

Traders, Land Owners, and others, Inhabitants ot Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, and other Parishes and Places within the West Riding of the County of York; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy,

Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Batley, Birjiall, Mirfield,

Hartishead cum Clifton, Almonbury, Kirkheaton,

ton„and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of whose Names are thereto subscribedj and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, and other Parishes and Places within the County of York; which were presented to the House upon the 6th, 12th, and 24th Days of April last, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed } and that the first-mentioned Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said first-mentioned Petition.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- ^ec^c'fl2

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Lan(j porcel. House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing " an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more easy and better recruiting " of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, and for " substituting other and more effectual Provisions in the " place thereof."

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, imprisonment resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Oebtor*. upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who " shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are " mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and " deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors " Benefit."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

9Y

Epfotfl

to

Ewell

Roads,

Welboirn

.Inclosurr,

8*8 3° Mail A. 1780.

Mercur'll^30 die Mali;

Anno 20* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

SI R Joseph Mawbeyreported from the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from through

" Ewell, to Tooting, and from Ewell to " upon Thames and Thames in the County of

" Surrey-,’' and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, to the Turnpike

Road on Borough Heath, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Heath Lands called The South Heaths and North Heath, in the Parish of IVeibonrn cum Sapper ton, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

llefolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Heath Lands called The South Heaths and North Heath, in the Parish of Welbourn cum Sapperton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Sibthorpe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Leeds.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Advertisements, and certain Duties on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate, divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to protest Goods or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the Islands of Grenada and the Grenadines, on board Neutral Vessels bound to Neutral Ports, during the present Hostilities; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Tain, from the New Buildings at Somerset House, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account filewing in what Manner the Sum of /. 90,000, mentioned to have been received by Sir William Chambers, has been applied in the Buildings of Somerset House: And also.

The several Plans which have been made for the Buildings at Somerset House; with a Paper, intituled, " Plans and Estimates made for the Buildings at " set House, and the Sums necessary for completeing " the fame."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Paper were read.

The said Account and Paper are as followeth;

An ACCOUNT shewing in what Manner the Sum of £. 90,000, received by Sir William Chambers, has been applied in the Buildings of Somerset House; and what Progress has been made in that Work.

The Bills for Works done and brought to Account Anno 1776, which were examined and settled by the Board of Works, paid by Sir William Chambers, have passed through the Auditor’s and the other Offices, and for which he has received his Quietus, amount

to.....-

The Bills for Works done and brought to Account 1777, examined and settled by the Board of Works, paid by Sir William Chambers, having passed through the Auditor’s Office, and been allowed at the Treasury, amount to -The Bills for Works done and brought to Account Anno 1778, examined and settled by the Board of Works, paid by Sir William Chambers, now lying at the Auditor’s Office, amount to- ——

The Bills for Works done and brought to Account 1779, which have been

examined and settled by the Board of Works, and are paid by Sir William Chambers, amount to ——

The different Sums advanced to Tradesmen employed at Somerset House, by Sir William Chambers, on Account of the Christmas 1779 Bills, which are now nearly ready for the Inspection of the Board of Works, and will amount to about f. 16,000; as also what has been advanced to them on Account of Works done before that Period, which cannot yet be measured or brought to Account, amount to ——

Remaining of the above £. 90,000, in the Hands of Sir William Chambers

Somerset House, May ill 1780. — (

I2>399 —

15,965 10

25,514 12 9,117 17

24,798 8

2,194 10

90,000 —

4

tl

11

10 i

3

5

The

Supply Bill: Duties on Wines, &cct

Supply Bill: Duties on Advartifenr.ejit*

Sec.

Goods imported from Grenada*

Account: Buildings

Somerset

House.

f Mail.

20 Geo. lit

The Progress made in the new Works at Somerset House would be better Teen and understood by Inspection upon the Spot, than by Descriptions, or even Designs, upon Paper; in Obedience, nevertheless, to the Order received, the following Account is humbly presented.

THE Building which faces the Strand is now almost completely finished; it extends in Front 135 Feet, is 61 Feet deep, and has Two Wings each 46 Feet Wide, and 42 Feet in Depth; the whole being Seven Story high, is faced with Portland Stone, built with Hard Greyflock Bricks, RussianTimber, and (he belt Materials of all Kinds, and is covered Part with Copper, Part with Lead or Westmorland Slate.

All the Fronts of this Structure are decorated with a rustic Arcade Basement, a Corinthian Order of Columns and Pilaflers, enriched Windows, Balluftrades, Statues, Malks, Medallions, and various other Ornamental Works, necesfury to distinguish this principal and most conspicuous Part of the Design; which being in itself trifling when compared with the Whole, required not only particular Forms and Proportions, but likewise some Profusion of Ornaments, to mark its Superiority: Decorations too have been more freely employed in the Veftibuleof Entrance, and in all the public Apartments of this Building, than will be necessary in the Remainder of the Work, because tire Vestibule, open to the moll frequented Street in London, is a general Passage to every Part of the whole Design; and the Apartments are intended for the Reception of useful Learning and polite Arts, where it is humbly presumed Specimens of Elegance shouldat least be attempted.

The Work just described, forms the upper Part of a large quadrangular Court, being in Width aio, and in Depth 296 Feet, which is to be surrounded with Buildings 54 Feet deep, and Six Story high, containing the Navy, the Navy Pay, the Victualling, and the Sick and Hurt Offices; the Ordnance Office, the Stamp, Salt, and Tax-Offices, the Surveyor General of Crown Lands, and the Offices of the Duchies of Lancaster and Cornwall\ also the Offices of the Two Auditors of Imprefts, and the Pipe, the Treasurer’s Remembrancer, the Clerk of the Estreats, and Comptroller of the Pipe, with various Apartments for Secretaries, and other Persons, whose Residence in their several Offices has been judged convenient for the Public Service. All these Buildings, surrounding the said Court, are now raised Two Story high (excepting at one Corner, where the old Palace, yet (landing, has prevented it) they have Two Floors laid on, and the Third Story carried up to a considerable Height on all the Part which forms the Bottom of the Court, and at the same Time makes a considerable Portion of the great River Front, which, when finished, is, according to the general Design, to extend 800 Feet.

This Work is likewise all faced with Stone, is built of the bed Materials, in the most substantial Manner polfi-b!e, and set on Brick Foundations, a great Part of them laid in the Bed of the River, with various expensive, but necessary, Precautions, and others funk through loose-made Ground 10, 12, and even 16 Feet deep.

The greated Part of the Vaults too, surrounding the Arreas of this large Quadrangle, are turned, as also a great Part of the Crol's Passage of Communication from the Areas on one Side to those on the other, which all aie built of hard Grcydocks, with Stone Plinths necefl'arily set in most Parts on very deep Brick Foundations.

Besides the Progress made in the extensive Works already mentioned, the Foundations are laid at a very considerable Expense in the River, for the Embankment, to the Extent of 438 Feet by a Width of 46 Feet, upon which is raised a rustic Granite Basement, 13 Feet 7 Inches high, with a Range of arched Stone Galleries, and Apartments built thereon, all to the same Extent, and at this Time raised, in some Parts, to the Height of 18 Feet 1 Inch, and in others to the Height of 28 Feet, having One Floor already on, and the Centers ready to set for turning the Arches, which are to support the Street of the Terrace:

The Building now ere<fling on the Scitc of Somerset House is of a very' uncommon Kind, unusually extensive, intricately complicated, and attended with many and great Difficulties in the Execution, whence it was at first, and is even yet, impossible to form an exact Estimate of the Expence; as far however as the Architect’s Judgment and Experience in Business can guide him, he thinks it will certainly not exceed the Sum of £. 250,000; which will be divided nearly in the following Manner:

Amount of the Bills already past from the Commencement of the Works till

1779 - . ' ....

Amount of the Christmas 1779 Bills, which are nearly ready for the Inspection of the Board of Works, about ——

It will require about Six Years and an Half to complete the whole Design, at an average Expence per Ann.of fs.25,000 -

Ground and Houses to be purchased for Avenues from the Strand, and to build Part of the Commissioners of the Navy’s Houses upon, will coll about -

Total -

63,007 1

16,000 — 162,500 — 7,000 —

248,507 1

31

3 i

Ordered, That the said Account, Plans, and Paper, do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

N. B. The said Plans were, by a subsequent Order of the House, of the ill Day of Junet returned to Sir William Chambers.

Vol. 37.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon the 25th Day of April last, for receiving Tomorrow the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Fen Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of

in

foulden

Inclosure.

FarUh

Apprentices*

Findern

Inclosure*

8ao

3° Mali. A. 1780.

in the County of Norfolk, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon this Day Sevennight.

Sir Edward Af/ey reported from the Committee, to Whom the Bill for obviating a Doubt touching the binding and receiving of poor Children Apprentices, in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Relief of the Poor within particular incorporated Hundreds, or Distrifls, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Open Fields, and Common Pastures, in the Liberty of Findern, in the Parish of Mickleover, and County of Derby, be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be now taken into further Consideration.

The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon the 25th Day of Aprillaft, was made from the Committee who were appointed to examine the Journals of this House, for Precedents of Amendments made by the Lords to Bills of Inclosure, and to report the same to the House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly, and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee, who were appointed to examine the Journals of this House, for Precedents of Amendments made by the Lords to Bills of Inclosure, and to report the same to the House, have examined accordingly, and find the following Precedents;

(First.) Precedents from Journals of Amendments made by the Lords to Inclosure Bills, to which the Commons have agreed; viz.

VOL. XXI. Page 368. — 12 May 1729.

Wickriffington Ind. — Gloucester.

Press 2. 1. 15.

1. 24.

1. 29. 1. 30. 1. 421

Press 3, 1. 20.

Prest 5. 1. 2a. Press 6. 1. 5.

After " Lands" insert " except the " said Ann Hope and Thomas ct Mine bin."

After " Lands " insert " except the " said Ann Hope and Thomas " Minchin."

Leave out the First " said."

Leave out " said."

Leave out " Bertram,

" Sir William OJbaldeston, and Humphrey Ambler, have agreed," and instead thereof, insert "

" cent Oakley, Gnce deceased, did agree."

After " thereof" insert " except " the said Ann Hope and Thomas " Minchin."

After " Yard Lands " insert " and " Forty-two Sheep Commons." Leave out " Ann Hope"

„ 7-

Press 7. 1. 4.

1. 22.

1-35-

Press 8. 1. 8.

Press 9. 1. 7.

Press 16.1. 37. Press t8.1. 10. Press 19.1. 25.

Press 20. 1. 18.

Press 22.1. 19.

Leave out " Thomas Minchin."

After " Heirs " insert " Executors, Administrators."

After " Successors," insert " Executors, Administrators."

After " Successors," insert " Exe-‘ cutors, Administrators."

After " Heirs" insert " Executors, " Administrators."

After " said " insert " Joseph Girdler, and Roger Acherley his Trustee, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, and the " Equity of Redemption there- of to the said."

After " Proprietors " insert " of " the Equity of Redemption." After " and " insert " the like " Sum."

Leave out from Parish " to And " whereas " in the 39th Line of the same Press.

Leave out " this Summer," and instead thereof insert " before the 30th Day of November 1729.’* After " made " insert the Clause marked (A.) which is as follows; viz.

(A.) " Provided also, That the said

" Bertram AshbuSir Ham OJbaldeston, and Humphrey " Ambler, or any of them, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of any of them, shall not be answerable or account- able for any Money to be re- ceived by virtue of and under u the Trust aforesaid, any otherwile than each Person for such Sum or Sums of Money " as he or they shall respectively " and actually receive -, and shall " not in anywise be answerable *c for, or chargeable with, the " Acts, Deeds, Neglects, or Defaults of each other, but only " each for himself, and his own Deeds, Neglects, or Defaults> " and that it shall and may be " lawful to and for the said Bertram Ashburnham, Sir " liam OJbaldeston, and Humphry Ambler, their Heirs, Execu-

" tors, and Administrators, and " every of them respectively, by and out of the said Equity of " Redemption, and the Money " to be raised and received out " of, or for or upon Account u of, the lame, to deduct and reimburse themselves all such (t reasonable Costs, Charges, and " Expences, as they shall or may respectively be put to, in and " about the Execution of the said Trust: any Thing herein " contained to the contrary not- withstanding."

VOL. XXI. Page 569. — 6 May 1730.

Welshourne Mountfort Inch — Warwick.

Pref6 n. 1.42. Before " Provided" add Clause (A.) which Clause is as follows j viz.

(A.) " Provided

Sat

20 Gko. ill. 30

(A) Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That nothing " herein contained (halt extend,

* or be construed to extend, to enable the Proprietors, Qwn- ers, or Occupiers of the said Fields, Meadows, and Other Commonable Lands, by any *' Agreement or Agreements between themselves, to lav down with Grass Seeds* or convert to " Pasture, more than Two-third Parts of the fame, in any One Year, without the Content of " the Impropriator or Impropriators of WelJbottrne " for the Time being; but not to " prevent or hinder any particular Proprietor, Owner, or Occupier, of any Part of the said intended Inclosures, provided he or she is not the Proprietor, Owner, or Occupier of Two-thirds of all the Common " Fields, Common Meadows, *c and other Commonable Lands,

'* intended to be inclosed as " aforesaid, from continuing his a or her respective Share or Shares, Allotment or Allot* " ments, in Tillage or Grazing, in such Proportion, and in such Manner, as he or she shall think most convenient and " proper."

VOL.XXIII. P. 315. — 3 1 1740*

CJtarlton Inch — Southampton.

Press t6.J. 9. Leave out from the Word " Award" to the first " and " in the loth Line of tlx same Press.

1.16. & 27. Leave out " except as before " excepted."

1.31. Leave out from " aforesaid" to Provided *’ in the '36th Line of the same Press.

VOL XXV. P. 883. — June 1749.

Broad Blm/don Inch — Wilts.

Press 3. I. 1. After " be " insert made."

J. 10. Leave out " said Prebendaries."

1. II. After " " insert " belonging to Thomas Eyre, Preben*

dary of For da, otherwise Hgh- worth'*

P. 4. 1.10. Leave out " Grounds," and insert

" Mounds."

I. 23. Leave out " Grounds" and insert *Mounds."

P. 6, 1. 14. Before " Whereas " insert And."

P. 13. ]. q. After " Vorda " insert " otherwise

" Higkworth."

1. 12. After " F insert " otherwise " Higkworth."

1. 18. After " Vorda" insert otherwise u Higkworth."

1. 14. After " Vorda insert otherwise " High wo

P. 18. I. 10. After " Vorda '' insert " otherwise " Higkworth."

P. 19. I. 3. After " Vorda insert otherwise " Highworth"

Yol. yj.

V OL. XXYl. P. 978. — 1 1754.

Greet Shildon Northumberland.

of. 18. 1. a?. Leave out " Two" and

" Four."

Pr. 19. 1. 13- Leave out " Two" and

" Four."

L 30. Leave out Two" and

‘‘ Four."

Findem

Inclosure;

Lord?’ Amendment* i insert to

Inclosure

insert m‘-

insert

VOL XXVII. P. 232.-15 March 175 Caiverly Inch — Torh.

Pr. 3. J. 37. After fame" insert " and the " Residue thereof."

1. last. After " deduced " insert shall be set out, assigned, and allotted."

Pf. if. h 23. After " concerned " insert Clause (A.)

(A.) " And whereas the setting out

and allotting the said Common or Moor, and Parcels of " Waste Grounds, into Shares,

" for the Persons to whom the " same are to be allotted, and the ascertaining and determin-u ing any Claims or Disputes " touching Right of Common in and upon the said Common " or Moor, and Parcels of Waste " Grounds, may happen to be attended with greet Trouble and Difficulty to the Commissioners hereinbefore named; " It is therefore hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, " That if the said Commission-4‘ ers shall think it requisite and " necessary to have any further Assistance for those Purposes, " it shall and may be lawful to " and for the said Commissioners hereinbefore named, by " Writing under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and ap-u point Two other Persons, to be joined with them as Commissioners, for the Purposes of setting out and allotting into " Shares, for the Persons to whom the same are to be allotted respectively, such Common or , " Moor, and Parcels of Waste

" Grounds, and settling and determining such Differences and " Disputes relating to Right cf Common in and upon the fame; and in that same the 41 Award of the said Commissioners nominated and appoint-' ed by and in pursuaace of 41 this Act, or of any Three or more of them, shall be final *c and conclu five to all the Parties " concerned."

VOLXXVII. P. 157. — 12 May 1757. ffimefumld loci. — Lekester.

{The Amendments are not entered.]

9Z VOL

822

Findern Inclosure;

Lords’

Amendment!

to

Inclosure Bills.

3°

VOL. XXVIII. p. ii*4 Aprn I75g

Brompton and Sawdon Incl. — York.

Pr. 9. I.16. After " Lands" leave out "and;" and after " Grounds " iniert " and Allotments; " and after " of" leave out " and belonging to."

1. 24. Leave out " Grounds " and insert " Allotments."

1. 32. Leave out " Grounds " and insert " Allotments."

Pr. 12. 1. 11. Leave out " Tythe."

Pr. 27. 1. 22. After " the" insert " Common."

1. 24, 25. Leave out " as Lord of the " Honour or Manor of ing.'*

A. 1 78a

VOL. XXVIII. P. 221. — 27 April 1758.

Skirpenbeck Inch — York.

Pr. 1. 1. 15, 16. After " thereabouts " insert

" And whereas the King’s Moll " Excellent Majesty is seised, in " Right of the Crown of Great Britain, of and in the per* " petual Advowson, Right of " Patronage, and Presentation, " in and to the Rectory of the Parish Church of Skirpenbeck " aforesaid."

VOL. XXVIII. P. 572. — 4 May 1759.

Desford Inc\. — Leicester.

Pr. 28. I. 3. After Majesty," insert

1. 29.

« His

" Heirs and Successors."

After " his" iniert " or their,"

VOL. XXVIII. P. 584. — 14 May 1759.

Bishop's Waltham Incl. — Southampton.

Pr. 1. 1. 3, 4. ' Leave out " and a Down," and at the End of the 4th Line, after " Field" insert "and."

1. 5. Leave out " and Stephen's Castle " Down."

1. 6. Leave out " Four," and instead there* of insert " Two."

1. 7. Leave out." Seventy," and instead thereof insert " Five."

1. 19. After " Fields " leave out and

" Down."

1. 23. After " Fields" leave out it and

" Down."

h 27. After " Fields" leave out it and

Pr. " Down."

2. h 12. After " Fields " leave out t c and

" Down."

h 18. After Fields" leave out it and

Pr. " Down."

3- 1 3- After Fields " leave out it and

1- 7- " Down." After " Fields " leave out it and

Pr. h 29. " Down."

4- After " Fields " leave out it and

I.36, " Down."

37- After " Fields" leave out

Pr. 6. " and Down."

1 3* After " Fields " leave out ti and

h 9. " Down."

After " Fields " leave out it and

" Down."

h 12. After Fields" leave out and " Down."

1. 24. After " Fields " leave out " and " Down."

h 28. After " Fields" leave out " and " Down!"

1. 9. After " Fields " leave out " and " Down."

In the Title of the Bill,’leave out " and a Down,"

Pr. 7. Pr. 10. Pr. 12.

VOL XXVIII. P. 820. — 21 Mar. 1760.

Humoicke Edge Moor Inch' —

Pr. 24. 1. 9. After <l mentioned " insert u for

" necessary or convenient Buildings and Reparations, and for erefling of Walls and Fences in and upon the fame." Leave out from "whatsoever" to " and " in the 14th Line of the next Prels.

Cl

Pr. 32. 1. 36.

VOL. XXVIII. P. not. — 9 1761.

Nor ham Inch — Durham.

Pr. *7. 1. 37. After Paid " iniert " Provided " That the Shares and Allot- " ments to be set off to the said . Sir Thomas Haggerston and his " Heirs, as aforesaid, shall not " be charged with, or contributory to, the said Charges " and Expences attending the " said Division or Allotment, or " any Part or Proportion there- " of, except the Charges ofem-

" ploying and entertaining One " of the Commissioners only from Time to Time, such " Charges to be ascertained by " the other Commissioners, or " any Three or more of them."

VOL, XXIX. P. 240. — 16 1762.

Sivanburne Inch — Bucks.

Pr. 4. 1. 8. Leave out " before the inclosng " thereof, equal in Value to " Fourteen Pounds and Ten " Shillings by the Year, free " from Tythe," and insert " at "the Time of making such Allotment, a lull Equivalent and " Compensation for the Glebe " Lands and Right of Common " now belonging to the said " Vicarage."

VOL XXIX. P.322. — 30 ij6z.

Evetrwood Incl. — Durham.

1. 22.

Pr. 5.

Pr. 6. Pr. 42.

1. 4.

After " Jett " leave out " or worth " to be iett."

Leave out " or Second."

1. \ Leave out " or Second."

23-J

VOL. XXIX. P. 323 — 3 May 1762.

Dringhoe, Upton, and Brough Inch — York.

Pr. 31.. h ao. Leave out from " aforesaid " to " and " in the 10th Line of the next Press.

VOL.

3* Maii.

813

20 Geo. III.

VOL. XXIX. P. 324.-3 176a.

Sproatley Incl. — York.

Pr. 1. I.30. After " Infant" leave out * by " the said Nicholas his

" Guardian."

Pr. 4. 1. 13. After the ift " " insert

" and; " and in the same Line, after the ad Dealtry " insert " by " the said Nicholas Dealtry, his " Guardian."

VOL. XXX. F. M5.-» ,765. PWm

Bulbeck incl. — Northumberland. ^Lordi*

Pr. 32. 1. 38. After "paid" insert " promised." Amend meat

Inclosure

VOL. XXX. P. 403. — 6 1765.

Wadworth Incl. — Y

Pr. 10. L 1. Leave out " their" and insert " the" instead thereof.

1. a. Leave out " or."

VOL. XXIX. P. 604. — 24 March 1763.

Wellingtre Incl. — Lincoln.

Pr. 24. 1. 4. After " Mortgage " insert " Lease."

VOL. XXIX. P. 629. — "ii April 1763.

Merton Incl. — Oxford.

Pr. 15. 1. 13. Leave out from " intituled" to " Be it therefore Enacted, " in 1. 19.

VOL. XXIX. P. 1049. — 12 April 1764.

Slaindrop Incl. — Durham.

Pr. 6. 1. 4. Leave out " Mills, Houses, and

" Cottages."

Pr. 30. J. 4. Leave out " House or Houses,

" Mill or Mills, Cottage or Cottages."

Pr. 36. 1.27. Leave out " House or Houses,

" Mill or Mills, Cottage or Cottages."

Pr. 1. Leave out " Houses, Cottages,

" Mills."

VOL. XXX. P. 244. — 12 March 1765.

Horley Incl. — Oxford.

Pr. 1 6. 1. 1. Leave out " Joseph" and insert

" Richard."

Pr. 30. L 24. After " being," inlert " or to any " other Person."

VO L. XXX. P. 33r. — 2 April 1765.

Kirkhammerton Incl. — York.

Pr. 23. I. 24. After " appointed " inlert " Provided also. That the said " Owners and Proprietors of the " laid Houses, Lands, and " Grounds, shall duly pay and " keep down the Interest of any " Sum or Sums of Money to be " borrowed and taken up as ' " aforesaid, during their respect

five Lives."

VOL. XXX. P. 342. — 4 1765.

Aukborough Inch —

Pr. 12. Lit. Leave out " of Ten Shillings of " lawful Money of Great Britain"

VOL. XXX. P. 384. — 29 April 1765.

Emload Incl. —

Pr. 17. I. 33. Leave out from " uninclosed " to " and " in Pr. 19.1. 15.

Vox.. 37.

VOL. XXX. P. 645. — n 1766.

Steeple Aston Incl. — Oxford.

Pr. 34. 1. 14. Leave out from " Successors " to " for " in 1. 17.

VOL. XXX. P. 804. — 8 1766.

Bickar Inch — Lincoln.

Pr. 3. 1. II. After the First " the "insert " Ad*

" vice and."

Pr. 8. I.23. After " unto" insert " each of " them."

I. 34. Leave out from " Hall " to " and "

in the 2d Line of the next Press, and inlert " Two Acres " of the said Fen, or other Commonable Place?, as a Compensation for their respective Rights " to the Soil of the said Fen, or " other Commonable Places, as " Lords of the said Manors."

Pr. 9. I.4.and J. Leave out " and allot unto " and for the Lord Paramount,

" in the said Parish of Bickar."

J. 6. Leave out from " Fen " to " and "

in 1. 10. of the same Press, and insert " in order to be allotted to " the said Earl, and the said Sir " Gilbert or to One of

" them, as herein after mentioned, as and for a Compeniiition " to them, the said Earl and Sir " Gilbert Heathcote, for their respective Bights, as Lords Paramount, or Lords and Own*

" ers of the Soil of the said " Fen."

Pr. 41. I.31. After " Paramount" insert " ot " Lord and Owner of the Soil " of the said Fen."

1. 32. and 33. Leave out " in Right of " his said Manor of Bickar " Beaumon."

1. 3j. Leave out from " claims " to " be " in 1. 37. and insert " the fame."

Pr. 42. 1.30. Leave out from »* Heathcote to " shall " in 1. 33.

Pr. 43. 1. 8. After " Paramount " insert " or " Lord and Owner of the Soil " of the said Fen."

1. 10. and 11. Leave out " let out and."

I. 15. After " Paramount," insert " or

" Lord and Owner of the Soil " of the said Fen."

J. 16. Leave out " a Part of."

1. 16. and 17. Leave out " Fen containing;" and leave out from Acres" to " or" in Line 21, and inlert " hereinbefore directed to be set out, in order to be " allotted

Flncfem Inclosure;

Lords'

Aiifc*dment«

to

Iikfofort

Bills;

824

it

u

allotted to them, or' One of them, as aforesaid."

1.27- Leave out from " Heat he ou" to them in 1. 2<7. and insert " arc each of them Lords ar d " Owners of the Soil of the said " Fen."

I. jo. and 3i. Leave out " set out and."

Pr. 45. 1. 4. Leave out from " aforesaid " to " Provided" in 1. 25; and in*

" fert " Clauses A. and B."

Cl Airs £ (A.) " And be it further Enacted,

" That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Attorney General, Solicitor General,

Tlylor White, and George Hi//,

" or the Survivors or Survivor u of them, to order and award " such Sum of Money as they,

4t or the Survivors or Survivor " of them, shall think reasonable,

" to be paid by either of them " the said Earl or Sir Gilbert Heathcote, to the other of them, as and for such Costs,

" Charges, and Expences, as " shall have been occasioned by " such Reference; which Sum,

" so ordered and awarded to be paid, shall and may be reco- vered by Action of Debt, to be brought in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at " We/lmmjler, with Costs of " Suit."

Clause (B.j " Provided always, and be it further Enabled, That in cale

*f no Award or Determination

" shall be made by the said Act-

torney General, Solicitor General, Taylor White, and George

" Hill, or the Survivors or Sur-

ft vivor of them, pursuant to

" the Powers and Authorities

" hereinbefore given to them

" for that Purpose, on or before

the 25th Day of December,

which shall be in the Year of

‘‘ our Lord 1767, that then it

‘‘ shall and may be lawful to and for either of them the said Earl

" and Sir Gilbert Heathcote, their

or either of their Heirs or Af-

" ligns, to commence and pro-

" fecute against the other of

" them, his Heirs or Assigns,

" any Suit or Suits at Law, or

" in Equity, for the Determina-

" tion of the several Matters

" hereinbefore referred to the said Attorney General, Solici-

" for General, Taylor White, and

" George Hill, or the Survivors

" or Survivor of them; and in

" cale any such Suit or Suits

" shall be commenced in any

Court or Courts of Equity,

" such Court or Courts are here-

" by authorized and required to

" determine the fame; and the

" Determination of any such

" Court or Courts in which any

" such Suit or Suits shall be

commenced and prosecuted as

" aforesaid, shall be as obliga-

" tojy upon the said Commis-6

39 Mail

A* 1780.

Pr. 45*

" lionets, or any Two Of them, " in respe^l to the Allotment <c of the said Eighteen Acres, " as the Award or Determina- tion of the said Attorney General. Solicitor General, Tay-lor White, and George Hill, or " the Survivors or Survivor of them, would have been, in case " the same had been made pursuant to the Directions of this Act."

i. After " the " insert " laid."

1. 38. Leave out from " the" to " which" in Pr. 46. J. 31. and insert " said " respective Claims of the said " Earl and the said Sir Gilbert " Heathcote, Diall be transmitted " to the said Commissioners, or " before the Determination of " such Suit or Suits, that then it shall and may be lawful to and " for the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, to make " their laid Award, without waiting for any such Determination; and that they the said Commissioners, or any Two of " them, as loon as conveniently " may be after the said Determination of the said Attorney 44 General, Solicitor General,

" Taylor White, and George Hill,

" or the Survivors or Survivor of them, shall be transmitted 4* to them the said Commissioners* or any Two of them; or " after the Determination of " such Suit or Suits as aforesaid, u shall and may, by an Inflmment in Writing, limit, dc-<kclare, and appoint the said " Eighteen Acres of Land, either " to the said Earl and Sir Gilbert " Heathcote, in such Manner,

" Shares; or Proportions, or to " One of them alone, as the said 41 Attorney General, Solicitor " General, Taylor White, and " George Hill, or the Survivors " or Survivor of them, shall act- judge and determine the fame,

«« or as the same shall have been ‘f adjudged, decreed, or deter- mined in any such Suit or " Suits."

VOL. XXXI- P. 407. — 1 June 1767. Holland Fen Divisi

Pr. 1. 10.

Pr. 2. 1.

6.

1. zo.

1. ij*

1. Z4.

Leave out " and " and insert " built, or that maybe built on 4t ancient," instead thereof. Leave out " having Right of " Common therein."

After " Place " to inlert " having Right of Common therein."

After " the " to insert " said."

After " Assessment " to insert " for and towards the Support and " Preservation of the said Fen, " before the passing of the Witham Act herein after mentioned."

Pr. 3.

Googh

So.

of them. ^I'-tintnt n Acres, rternej. 'v.fx Ge-

nl. ffi».

:rv:vor of n. :n ca:'c -do pur*

- LII

rt"uj - fed r U;,rt

'on, oi

it :on oi I ti.tc it il to and r.ers, oi o nut: without )et;nr,i* the i'iiil Two of onicitly: Drier-utornejr j eneral,

brvivx Tmitted r. fliis* nr, or ion ct TOUld, I/ limit, dc-ie hid , tifer C;X unrer, or ie 1-d licit* , and vivots ill ad-fame.

CCC'i

Icier-it or

itert

it on

; of

for tr.d on, :he a*

ao Geo. III.

Pr. 3. 1. 6.

3° Mali.

825

1. 25. 1. 36. 1. 37-

Pr. 20. 1.2a.

Leave out " " and insert

" Monday" instead thereof. Pr. 19. 1. 43. After " except" to insert " Btston

" mjir

Leave out " Two."

After " the" to insert " said."

After " Assessments" to insert " for " and towards the Support and " Preservation of the said Fen." After " allotted" to insert " and " the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of Houses and Toftsteads within each respective " Parish, Township, or Place,

" shall have and enjoy the same " Right of Common, and other " Right whatsoever, in, over,

and upon the respective Share " or Part so set out and allotted " to such respective Parish,

" Township, or Place, as they " now have and enjoy, or could or might have had and enjoyed over the Whole of the said " Fen, and other Commonable " Places, before the passing of " this Act."

Leave out from " Fences" to " and" in 1. 29. of the next Press. After " Common"to insert " and " other Right whatsoever."

Leave out from " Ad" to " Provided" in 1. 26. of the next Press.

Pr. 28. 1. 11.

Pr. 32* Pr. 39.

1. 24. 1. 14.

VOL. XXXI. P. 657.-4 1768.

Lilley and Offlcy Inch —

Pr. 36. 1. 22.

After " elsewhere" insert Provided always, That nothing " in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed, to affect " or invalidate any Right, Interest, Claim, or Demand " whatsoever, of Paul Feildc, Esquire, His Heirs or Assigns, " in respect of or to the Great " Tithes of or in any Lands now " or heretofore Part of, or com-f prized within, the Farm called " or known by the Name of " Halbury Farm, within the " said Parish of Offley now in the Tenure or Occupation of " John Ready whether the same " shall or shall not be subject to be inclosed by virtue of this " Ad, and notwithstanding any " Exchanges which may have *c been heretofore made of any " Lands heretofore belonging to the said Farm, for or in lieu of other Lands now taken into, and become Part the u said Farm; but that the said " Paul Feilde, his Heirs and Assigns, shall and may from " Time to Time, and at all " Times hereafter, have, retain, " and enjoy, all and every such " Rights and Remedies, and to " and for the Recovery and Enjoyment of his said Tithes of " and in all and every the Lands now or heretofore Part of the " said farm called Halbury " Farm, as he and those, whose

" Estate he now has, have had Findam " and enjoyed, and of Right Inclosure; " ought to have and enjoy, in <c and out of the said Lands i " any Thing in this Act to the " contrary in any wise notwithstanding."

Lords* Amendments to

Inclosure

Bills.

VOL. XXXI. P. 659.-7 March 1768.

Burton Joyce and Bulcoatt Inch — Nottingham.

Pr. 1. 1. 10. 11. Leave out "and Abel Smith, " the Youoger, a Minor is, Lord " of the Manor of ."

1. 30. Leave out " the said."

VOL. XXXI. P. <60. — 7 March 1768.

Snaintou Inch —

Pr. 38.. 1. 37.

Yto. if-

After " made" insert " Provided " also, and be it Enabled by " the Authority aforesaid, That " nothing in this Act contained " shall extend, or be construed " to extend, to defeat, lessen, or " prejudice any Right, Title, or " Interest, which the said " ton Langley now hath, or claims " to have, as One of the Lords " of the Manor of Brompton " or Snainton, of, in, or to any " of the Lands and Grounds so " to be divided as aforesaid, or " any Action or Suit to be commenced, sued, or prosecuted,

" for the Purpose of ascertaining the fame, or otherwise in " respect thereof; but that the " said Boynton L, his Heirs " and Assigns, shall have and " enjoy such Right, Title, and " Interest in or to the said Allotment so to be made to the " said John Hill, as Lord Para- mount as aforesaid, as he the " said Boynton Langley shall claim " and make appear to have " within the Space of Two Years " from the passing of this Act,

" as One of the Lords of the " said Manor of Brompton or " Snainton, in the Lands or " Grounds, or the Soil thereof,

" for or in lieu of which such " Allotment is so directed to be " made as aforesaid; any Thing " in this Act contained to the " contrary notwithstanding."

VOL. XXXII. P. 436.-23 April 1769.

Beckingham Inch — .

Pr. 42. 1. 1. After " satisfied" insert Claulr (A)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted,

w That if any Person or Persons " shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by any Thing " clone in pursuance of this Act, " then and in every such Cale(except in such Cases where the " Orders and Determinations o( " the said Commissioners are di* " rested to be final) he, she, or " they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the " Peace, which shall be held in " and for the Parts of Kejlevex, 10 A

826

Findern Inclosure;

Lords

Amendments

to

Inclosure

Bills.

" within the said County of '* coin, within Six Calendar ‘‘ Months next after the Cause " of Complaint shall have arisen; " and the Justices in their said " General Quarter Sessions, are " hereby required to hear and " determine the Matter of every " such Appeal, and to make " such Order therein as to them, " in their Discretion, shall seem " reasonable; which Determination of the said Justices shall " be final and conclusive to all " Parties concerned, and shall " not be removed or removeable " by ,or any other

" Writ or Process whatsoever, " into any of His Majesty’s " Courts of Record at -

" Jler, or elsewhere."

VOL. XXXIII. P.273. — 20 March 1771.

Melton Inch — York.

Pr. 1. 1. 20. and 21. After " insert

" And whereas the King’s Mod " Excellent Majesty, in Right of " His Crown* is Patron of the' " Vicarage of aforesaid."

VOL. XXXIII. P. 273. — 20 March 1771.

Scalby Inch —

Pr. 14. 1. 34. After " aforesaid" insert " except ‘‘ the Commons or Wastes in the Township of Cioughton " aforesaid."

Pr. 20. 1. 6. After " respectively" insert " Provided -always, and it is hereby " further Enacted, That if the " major Part in Value of the " Owners and Proprietors of ancient Houses, Frontsteads, and " Open Field Lands, within the " said Township of,

" entitled to Right of Common,

" shall be desirous of having the " Whole of the Commons and " Wastes lying within, and appertaining to the said Township of , set out and

" allotted to them separately,

" and in Exclusion of the Owners and Proprietors of ancient " Houses and Frontsteads, and " Open Field Lands, in other " Parts of the said Parish of " Scalby, and shall signify such " their Desire in Writing to the said Commissioners, or any " Three of them, at the First " General Meeting to be held " by the said Commissioners " pursuant to this Act, that then " and in such Calc the said Commissioners, or any Three of " them, shall enquire into and " ascertain the Limits and Boundaries of the Commons and Wastes of the said Township of , and dif-

" tinguish the same from the other Commons and Wastes " within the said Parish of u Scalby, if the same can be " done; and in case the said *7

3° Mali, A. 1780.

" Commissioners, or any Three " of them, shall be able to ascertain and distinguish the Limits and Boundaries of the " Commons, Waste Grounds, " and Commonable Places of the " said Township of,

" within Six Calendar Months " next after the First General " Meeting of the said Commissioners pursuant to this Act, " then and in such Case, and not " otherwise, the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, " shall, in the making of the " Division or Allotment hereby " directed to be made ( after the " setting out and allotting unto " and for His laid Majesty, His " Heirs and Succefifors, One full and equal Thirtieth Part of " the Ctid Commons and Waste " Grounds, and after setting out " the Allotments in lieu of " Tithes within the said Township of , as herein-

" before is directed,) divide, let " out, and allot. One full Moiety or Half Part of all the Residue of the Commons and " W’afte Grounds, and Commonable Places, which shall " be found to lie and be within " the Township of,

" unto the several Owners and u Proprietors ot ancient Houses " and Frontsteads, within the " said TownshijJ of Cioughton " only, having Right of Common thereon; and shall in the " next Place divide, let our,

" and allot the other Moiety of " the Residue of the said last mentioned Commons, Waste " Grounds, and Commonable " Places, unto and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors of Open KielJ Lands " within the said Township of Cioughton only, in lieu and full " Satiilaction of all such Right " of Common as the Owners " and Proprietors of ancient " Houses or Frontsteads, and " Open Field I^ands, now have in respect thereof, in, over, or " upon the said Commons or " Wastes, and then the said " Owners and Proprietors of ancient Houses or Fronsteads,

" and of Open Field Lands, in the Township of Cioughton.

" aforesaid, shall be excluded " from any Share in the several " Commons or Wastes which " shall upon such Enquiry be " found not to be within the said " Township of Cioughton."

VOL. XXXIII. P. 287.-27 March 1771.

Appleby Inc\. — Ceicester and Derby.

Pr. 6. 1. 12. After " of" insert "ancient."

1. 13. Leave out " no Land" and insert " Common Right."

1, 22. Leave out " Allotments" and insert " Owners and Proprietors of an-

" citjnt

20 Geo. III.

" cient Messuages and Cottages " having no Lands in the said " Fields or Inclosures, within the " said Parish, except Homa{leads. "

VOL. XXXIII. P. 355. — 16 1771.

Ubly Inc

Pr. 14. J. 4. Leave out " or Plots."

1. 24. Leave out " or more," and leave out " or Plots."

1. 32. Leave out "all," and after "which" insert " Two."

1. 32, 7 Leave out " said several Plots 33. j " or."

1. 40. After " Hay" insert " only."

Pr. 15. 1. J, 7 Leave out " Compositions in lieu 2.J " of the said Tithes, Modules," and after "or" insert " any," and leave out " other," and after " Payments," insert " in lieu of " the said Tithes of Corn and " Hay," and leave out " whatsoever."

I.16. After " Tithes" insert " of whatever Kind."

L 24. After " Aft" insert " And be it " further Enacted, That such " and the same Modules or " Compositions in lieu of Tithes, " except of Corn and Hay, payableoutof the ancient Inclosures, or other Tenements,

" within the said Manor and " Parish, shall extend to and be " payable out of such Inclosures " to be made by virtue of this " Act, as shall be allotted to any Freeholder, who is now en- titled to pay such Modules or " Compositions, for the ancient " Inclosures, or other Tenements, belonging to him, her,

" or them, within the said Manor and Parish: Provided always, That nothing herein " contained shall prevent the " said Peter Grigg, and his Successors, Rectors of the said " Parish, from calling in Question, by due Courie of Law,

" all such Modules, or Compositions in lieu of Tithes, as " are now, or have been usually " paid or payable from any ancient Inclosures or other Tenements within the said Manor " and Parish; nor shall the said Peter Grigg and his Successors,

" be deemed to be excluded, by " any Thing in this Act contained, from any Claim which " he or they may have by Law " to any Tithes growing, renew*

" ing, or arising from and out " of, or in respect of the said " Commonable Lands and Waste " Grounds, other than and except the said Tithes of Com " and Hay, and except such " Species of Small Tithes as " have not usually, for Thirty " Years last past, been paid and " received within the said Manor and Parish, for or on Ac-

You 37.

30 Mail. S27

" count for such Kinds of Productions, Cattle, or other Iix-lofiirej " Tithable Subjects, as have Lords

" been raised, fed, pastured,

" produced, or cultivated, with- inctofijre " in the said Manor and Parish, Bill*.

" for the said Thirty Years last " past."

Pr. 16. 1. 14. After "the" insert " Two afore-

" laid," and leave out " Share,"

and insert " Shares" instead thereof.

VOL. XXXIII. P. 493. — 20. February 1772. North Crawley Inch — Bucks.

Pr. x. 1. 7.

1. 9,

pr- 5- 1. 8.

Pr. 15. 1. 34.

Pr. 36. 1. n. 1. 14.

Leave out " Paramount."

7 Leave out " of Three distinct," 5 and insert " or Owner of certain " Fees, Seigniories, or."

After " fay" insert " the Allotment " to be made to the said " Earl of Exeter shall consist of " Two Acres, more or leis, of " Pasture Land, heretofore in the Possession of Henry Sibthorpe, and of a Piece of

" Waste Land, called Hnrjl " Green, or Brook End, lying " near to the said Pasture Land, " containing by Estimation Eight " Acres, or thereabouts, together " with the Hedges and Trees " {landing and growing upon the " same Land."

After " same " insert " Provided " always. That all Trees, Ubderwoods, Thorns, Hedges, " Bushes and Shrubs, {landing " and growing in and upon the " Waste Lands or Grounds belonging to the said Manor of " North Crawley., shall and may " be cut down and taken away " by the said Earl or his " Agents, or fold and disposed " of in such Manner as he or they shall think fit."

Leave out " Paramount."

Leave out " of the said Three " distinct," and insert " or Owner " of the said Fees, Seigniories, " or."

1. 16. Leave out from " the" to "but,"

in 1. 18, and insert " Rents, Dues, " Duties, or Services to them " respectively belonging."

1. 22. After " them" , insert " respectively."

1. 25. After "Rents" insert " Dues, Du-

" tics."

1. 27. 7 Leave out " the said Manors inci-

28. $ " dent, appendant," and insert

them respectively."

1. 29. Leave out " or appertaining."

1. 31, 7 Leave out "can or may be," and 32.,) insert " could or might have " been," and leave out from by" to respectively," in 1. 34, and insert " them."

VOL. XXXIV. P. 333.-24 1773.

AJlley Abbotts Inch — Salop.

Pr. 18. 1. 20, a.i, & 22. Leave out " who ob-

" jested before the said Commissioners

Findem Inclosure;

Lord*’

Amendment*

to

Inclosure

Bills.

3°

niissioners to such Claim or Pr. 13. *c Claims, ’’and insert " in whose " Favour such Determination or Order shall have been made," instaad thereof.

3l> & 33' Leave out " who ob-

" jested to such Claim or Claims " before the said Commissioners," and insert " in whose " Favour such Determination or " Order shall have been made," instead thereof.

1.33. After " aforesaid" insert " is

" and." Pr. 15.

1780.

1. 9. Leave out said Duke," and insert " Lord," and in the same Line, and Line 10, leave out " Portland.," and insert " the " Manor of 1. 22. Leave out " Duke," and inlcrt " Lord."

1. 23. Leave out " Portland" and insert " the Manor of ."

1. 27. Leave out " Duke," and insert " Lord," and in the same Line leave out Pand insert " the Manor of ."

1. 12. Leave out " Duke of ."

1. c6. Leave out " said."

VOL. XXXIV. P. 360.-8 1773.

Hooknorton Inch — Oxford.

Pr. 10. 1. 35,") Leave out " Summer," and insert 36. $ " First or Second" instead there-

of.

Pr. 12. I.15. Leave out from " aforesaid" to " them," in 1. 18.

VOL. XXXVI. P. 527.-27 1777.

Ear7 Stoke Inch — Wilts.

Pr. 6. 1. 15. After the Word Seven insert

" or as soon after as.conveniently may be."

VOL. XXXVI. P. 533 — 30 Ma 1777.

VOL. XXXIV. P.366. — 1773.

Shapivick Inch — Somerset.

West Willoughby Inch —

Pr. 34. 1. 17. After " the" insert " said Wildam " Roe the Impropriator, and " the."

1. 32. After " for" insert " the said Impropriator and."

VOL. XXXV. P. 306. — 12 April 1775.

HickHngInch — Not

Pr. a. 1. I. Leave out " most," and insert " Right" instead thereof.

VOL. XXXV. P. 391. — 22 May ins.

Wool ton Inch —

Pr. 16. h is- Leave out from " Meadows" to " Provided," in Press 18.1. 2.

VOL. XXXVI. P. 399.-9 April 1777.

Whittington Inch —

Pr, 49. h 9. After " made" " insert Provided " always. That nothing herein contained shall authorize or " impower the said John Robert " Lioyd, his Heirs or Assigns, " to claim or receive any Heriot " of, from, or on Account of " any of the new Allotments to " be made by virtue of this " Act."

VOL. XXXVI. P. 447.-28 April 1777.

Yealands Inch — Lan

Pr. 9. 1. 16. After " Highways" insert " so that " all such public Highways " shall be Forty Feet wide at the " least within the Ditches."

Pr. 40. 1. 33. Leave out " ," and insert

" Bath and Wells."

Pr. 47. 1. 7. After " made," insert Clauses

and (B.)

Clause (A.) " Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That after the said Common or Waste " Ground shall have been set out, divided, allotted, and indoled, by virtue of this Act,

" the several Persons to whom " the same shall be allotted, or " any of them, shall not by virtue or in respect, or Right " of any Lands, Tenements,

" Cottages, Hereditaments, or Premises, in the Parish of Shapwickhave or enjoy any " Right of Common whatsoever,

" on the Commons or Waste " Grounds called Ashcott " Walton and Street

Mooreor any or either of " them.

Clause (B.) Provided always, That no-

" thing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to " extend, to prejudice, defeat,

" or lessen the Right of Common of any Person or Persons " whomsoeveri upon all or any " Part of the Common or Waste " Land by this Act; intended to " be divided and inclosed, for or in respect of any Messuage,

Cottage, Lands, Tenements,

" or Hereditaments, within the " Parishes of , Wal-

«« ton, A, and Street, in the " said County of Somerset, or " either of them."

VOL XXXVI. P. 498. — 13 May 1777.

Bleajby Inch — Nottingh

Pr* i. 1. 18. Leave out " the most noble

" Ham Henry Cavendish Duke of " Portland claims to be entitled " to," and insert " whereas there .* is a Manor called."

VOL. XXXVI. P. 842.-23 March 1778.

North Myms Inch — Hertford.

Pr. 7. 1. 9. After " notwithstanding," insert

" and that it shall be lawful for " the said Anthony Webster, or " his Successors, by and with " the Confont of the 13i(hop of

" the

ao Geo. Ill

3 °Maii. 829

" out, as shall be equal in Value " to Six of such Seven Parts, " shall be allotted to the said " Prebendary, or the said Sir " William as Lessee as aforesaid, and the remaining Se-H venth Part to the said Vicar " and his Successors."

" the Diocese, and the Patron of " the said Vicarage, signified by " being Parties thereto at any " Time before the Execution of the Commi (boners Award, and tc with the Consent of the said " Commissioners, or any Two of " them, to exchange the said " Allotment, or any Part or " Parts thereof, for any other " Lands within the said Parish, " more conveniently situated for " the said Vicarage; and such " Exchange and Exchanges are " hereby declared to be valid; " and that in case no such Exchange shall be made for " Lands already inclosed, then " it shall be lawful for the said " Vicar, with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, to let " or demise his said Allotment " to any Person or Persons, for " any Term not exceeding " Twenty-one Years, provided " the said Lease or Leases do " commence within Twelve " Months after the passing of " this Act, and be for the most " improved Rent that can be " got for the fame, without Fine " or Foregift."

VOL. XXXVI. P. 861. — 26 March 1778.

Hite ham Inch — Buckingham.

Pr. 42. 1. 40. Leave out " and all Mines that " may hereafter be found in the " Waile hereby intended to (he " inclosed, making Satisfaction " to the Owners of Lands for " Damages."

VOL. XXXVI. P. 988.-20 May 1778.

Glajlonbwy Inch — Somerset.

Pr. 2. 1. 9. After " inclosed" insert " or certain Modules or Compositions " in lieu of such Tithes."

Pr. 14.h 14. Leave out " and Small."

1. 13. Leave out " Modules or Payments " whatsoever."

VOL. XXXVII. P. 373.-5 May 1779.

Bier ton Inch — Bucks.

Pr. 25. 1. 11. Leave out from " them" to " such" in 1. 22. and insert " Quantity,"

" Quality, and Situation considered, shall be equal in Value " to One Sixth Part of all the " Lands in Bierton Upper End " Field aforesaid, which are subject and liable to the Payment " of Tithes to the said Prebendary, or the said Sir William " Lee, as Lessee as aforesaid, and " the said Vicar; which said " Sixth Part shall be edimated " or valued by the said Commissioners, or any Two of " them; and the Amount of such " Edimate or Valuation shall be " divided into Seven Parts; and " such Part of the Lands so set

Vcl. 37-

VOL. XXXVII. P. 4^.5. — 14 June 1779.

Tap low Inch — j Bu

Pr. 22. 1. 3. After " be" insert " Provided nevertheless, That Two Third " Parts of all such Arable Lands " as shall be allotted to the said " Rector by virtue of this Act, " shall be taken from Taplow " Common Field, and shall be " set out in One entire Plot next " and adjoining to the Garden " and other Lands belonging to the said Rectory House; and " that the remaining Third Part *' of such Arable Lands as aforesaid, shall be taken from some " other of the said Open and " Common Fields; and that the " (ante, and all such Meadow " and Pasture Lands as shall be " allotted to the said Rector as " aforesaid, shall be set out in " such Place or Places as shall " be most convenient to the said " Rector, any Thing in this Act " to the contrary hereof notwithstanding."

VOL. XXXVII. P. 448. — 15 June 1779.

S/eagill Inch — Westmortland.

Pr. 7. 1. 29. After " thereof" insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " And whereas the said Manor

" or Lord ship of adjoins

" to the Manor or Lordship of " King's Measurn r'And whereas " an Act of Parliament was " made in the Seventeenth Year "of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and indoling the Common and Waste " Grounds within the said Manor " or Lordship of Measurn;

" by which Ad, the Boundaries " of the same Manor or Lordship " are directed to be perambulated, ascertained, and settled,

" and the same have, according to the Directions of the said " Ad, been perambulated, ascertained, and settled, and the Common and Waste Grounds " within the same Manor or " Lordship have been divided,

" allotted, and inclosed: And <c whereas it would be very injurious to the several Persons " interested in the Lands and ,c Grounds which have been divided and inclosed by virtue " of the said recited Act, if the " Boundaries of the said Manor " or Lordship of King's Measurn,

"fo ascertained and settled as " aforesaid, were to be altered 10 B "or

Fiadem

Inclosure

Lords

Amendments

to

Inclosure;

Bills*

3° Mail.

A. 178 c.

Jindern Inclosur*;

Lord

Amendment*

to

Inclosarc

BUI*.

" or varied: Be it therefore Enacted and Declared, by the " Authority aforesaid, That no- thing in this Act contained " shall authorize the said Coni- missioners, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons, to alter or change the present " Boundaries of the said Manor " or Lordship of Measurn " (the same having been let tied " and ascertained by virtue of the " said recited Act) or to disturb " or injure any of the Allotmeats and Inclosures which " have been made in pursuance " of the Directions of the same Act; any Thing in this Act " to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding."

21 March 1780.

Swinford Incl. —

Pr. 46. 1. 29. After " aforesaid" insert " by and with the Consent of the Lord " Bishop of Lincoln for the Time " being."

(Second.) Amendments made by the Lords to Inclosure Bills, to which the Commons have agreed, with Amendments to whose Amendments the Lords have agreed; viz.

VOL. XXIX. P. 327.- 4 May 1762.

Rotherham Incl. — York.

Pr. 8. 1. 19.

1. 24. 1. 32.

1- 33-Pr. 24. I. 24.

1. 38.

! 39-

After " all" leave out " Mines, " Minerals, and."

After " such" leave out " Mines, " Minerals, and."

After " such" leave out " Mines, " Minerals, and."

Leave out " or," and after " Quarries" leave out " respectively." After Courts" insert " Mines " Minerals."

After " such" leave out Mines." Leave out " and."

The Fifth Amendment was amended, by inserting, after the Word " Mines," these Words, " such Lord or Lords making " reasonable Satisfaction for the " Damage that any Owner or " Occupier of Lands shall sustain by the winning or working such Mines."

VOL. XXX. P. 676.^20 March 1766. Heworth Incl. — Durham.

Pr. r. 1 3- After County" " tine." insert it Pala-

24. After " County" " tine." iniert it Pala-

4- 2. After " County" " tine." insert €t Pala-

3- After " County" " tine." insert tt Pala-

6. 28. After " thereof " insert tt so as

" such Public Highways be of " the Breadth of Sixty Feet at "least between and exclusive " of the Ditches, and Fences" 22. 20. After " County" insert " Pala-

" tine."

In tl'.e Title of the Bill, after County" insert " Palatine." The Amendment in Pr. 6, I. 28, was amended, by adding these Words, " and which Highways and Roads shall be entire’y made, repaired, and kept in Repair, by the Owners " or Occupiers only of such Allotmenrs."

VOL. XXXII. P. 419. — 19 1769.

Bishop Wilton Incl. — York.

Pr. 1. 1. 25. Leave out " (tinted."

and 2?* Leave out " immemorially."

Pr. 17. 1. 26. After " Chattels" insert Provided nevertheless. That ail " and every the Claim and " Claims of Right of Common, " or other Property, Bight, or " Interest, in any of the Field?, " logs, Common Pastures, and " Parcels of Land and Ground* " abovementioned, except as to " the Allotments for Tithes and " Ecclesiastical Dues, which shall " appear doubtful to the said " Commissioners, or any Two " of them, or to which any Objection shall be made by any " of the Parties interested, or " their respective Agents, at the ,c next Meeting of the same " Commissioners, pursuant to " this Act, after such Claim " shall be delivered in, shall be " heard, examined, and finally " determined by Peter JthnJon, " of the City of , Esquire, " and Richard Beatnife, of the " Town and County of the Town " of Kingston upon Esquire, who are hereby appointed Arbitrators for the Purpok-s " aforesaid; and the said Arbitrators, or such Umpire as " they shall appoint in case of " Disagreement between them, " which they are hereby authorized and directed to elect and " appoint, shall, with all convejient Speed, proceed to hear " and determine all such Claims " and Objections upon their own " View, the Examination ot " Witnesses upon Oath (which " Oath either of the said Aroi-trators is hereby impowered " to administer) or by such other " Evidence, Proof, Ways, or " Means, as by them the said " Arbitrators shall be thought " proper; and the said Arbitrators shall make and execute " their Award in W riting, under their Hands and Seals, concerning the Xlatters lo referred to them, within Six Months " next after passing of this Act, " or as loon thereafter as conveniently may be, and such " Award shall be conclusive to " all Parties whatsoever, and " shall be inrolled together with the

ao Geo. Ill

Vol. 37.

" the other Award hereby directed to be made; and the " lame, or the Inrolment thereof, or a Copy of such Inrolment respectively, shall be allowed as Evidence in all " Courts whatsoever; and if " either of the said Arbitrators shall die or refuse to act, the " said Commissioners, or any " Two of them, shall, and they " are hereby required, by Wri-‘ ting under their Hands and " Seals, from Time to Time, " to elect and appoint One fit " Person, being a Barrister at " Law, in the Place of such Arbitrator so dying or refusing " to act; which Person I'd elected " and appointed shall and may " aft in the Premises as fully, to " all Intents and Purposes, as if " he had been hereby appointed " and named Arbitrator; which " Writing or Writings of Appointment shall be inrolled, and the Evidence thereof given, in the same Manner as hereinbefore is Enacted concerning " the Award to be made by the " said Commissioners."

The last Amendment was amended, by inserting, after the Words " in all Courts whatsoever," and before the Words " and if either," these Words, " and the like Fees shall be paid " for the said Award of the said " Arbitrators, as are herein directed concerning the Award " of the said Commissioners; " and in case any extraordinary " Expences be incurred by reason of such Difference or Dispute, and the said Arbitrators, " or the said Umpire, shall think " there was not reasonable Caule " for the fame, the said Arbitrators, or in case of any Difi " agreement between them, the " Umpire so to be elected as " aforesaid, shall and may, by Writing under their Hands " respectively, award such Colls " as they shall think reasonable, " to the Party or Parties in " whose Favour they shall determine the fame; to be levied " by Distress and Sale, in like tf Manner as in same of Distresses " upon Warrants of Justices of " the Peace, of the Goods and " Chattels of the Party against " whom such Dispute or Claim shall be determined; such Colls " to be applied in discharging " the Emences occasioned by " such Claim or Difference, rendering the Overplus, if any, " to the Owner or Owners of " such Goods and Chattels.’’

( Third.) Amendments made by the Lords to an Indolure Bill, to which the Commons did not agree.

VOL. XXI. P. 750. — 3 1731.

JYc/lbrougkton Inch — Derby.

Fii dera Indoiure i Lords Amendiuenr* to

IncIofUre Bills.

The House proceeded to take into Consideratio.t the Amendments made by the Lords to the bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing divers Parcels of Commons and Waste Grounds* lying within the Manor of Westbroughton in the Parish of Dovebridge in the County of Derby.

And the Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 16. Leave out "whether any or," and in the same Line, after " or," leave out " any and."

The House being moved. That the 4th, 3th, and 6th Sections of 1 the Act 2d and 3d Edward 6th;

Cap. 13. for Payment of Tithes, might be read.

The same 'was read accordingly.

l’hen the First Amendment being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amend, ment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Second Amendment being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered That a Committee be appointed to draw up lleaions to be offered to tire Lords, at a Conference for disagreeing with their Lord ships in the said Amendments.

And it is referred to Mr. Sandy s, Sir John Rnjlmt, &c.

4 May. Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, That they had drawn up lleaions accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and the Reafoxis are as followeth;

lleaions for the Commons disagreeingto the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing divers Parcels of Commons and H alle Grounds, lying within the Manor of fVefibroughton, in the Parish of Dove~ bridge in the County of Derby.

The Commons cannot agree

t«

J*C*

Inclosure;

Lords

Amendments

to

Inclosure BilU.

83a

to the First Amendment made by your Lord ships, Press 7, Line 16. Leave out " whether u any or."

1 ft. Because the Commons conceive it is highly necessary, that the Commissioners appointed for putting the said Act in Execution, should have Power to examine whether any Tithe ought to be paid for the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed pursuant to the said Act.

ad. Because Tithes ought not to be paid for Lands, or other Hereditaments, which by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or by any Privilege or Prescription, are not chargeable therewith, or are discharged by any Composition real.

3d. Because Barren Heath, or Waste Ground, other than such as be discharged from the Payment of Tithes by Act of Parliament, which have anciently paid no Tithes, by reason of the Bar-renness thereof, being improved and converted into Arable Ground or Meadow, ought not to pay Tithe till after the End of Seven Years next after such Improvement.

The Commons cannot agree to the Second Amendment made by your Lord ships, Press 7, 1. 16. after " or" leave out " any and."

For the same Reasons for which ' they disagree to your Lordships - First Amendment; and because the Second Amendment is entirely dependent on the First Amendment made by your Lordships.

The said Reasons being feve-raliy read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolvtdy That a Conference lie defiTed with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the said Amendments.

Ordered, That Mt. do go to the Lords and desire the said Conference.

Mr. Winnington reported. That he having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference with their Lordships, upon the Subject Matter of their Amendments to the Bill, inti-

30 Mail R. 1780.

tuled. An Act for dividing and inclosing divers Parcels of Commons and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of West brought on, in the Parish of

Dovebridge, in the County of Derby, the Lords, do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to draw up Reasons" to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Sandys reported. That the Managers had been at the Conference, and had given the Lords the Reasons for dil’agreeing to the said Amendments; and had left the Bill and Amendments with their Lordships.

5 May. A Message was brought from the Lords, That the Lords do not insist on the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing divers Parcels of Commons and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of broughto7i, in the Parish of Dove-bridge, in the County of by.

And the House being informed, by a Member in his Place,' that the several Parties interested in the Subject: Master of the Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill, had given their Consent to the Alteration made in the Bill by the said Amendments;

The said Amendments were read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by tlifc House.

Ordered, That Mr. Coke of Derby do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint thfcm, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Rigby presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A ;Paper intituled, " A Return to an Order of the " honourable House of Commons, of the ift May " 1780, containing an Account of the Sums ordered i0the Ha to be reserved in the Hands of 'the Paymaster General of;*-e " of His Majesty’s Forces, out of the Monies voted " for the Subsistence of an Augmentation to lundry tKr‘ " Reginients of Foot in the Year 1779, pursuant to " His Majesty’s Warrant of 20th 1780, authorizingTuch Deductions."

And thfe Title of the said Paper was read.

The laid' Paper is as followed!; viz.

A RETURN

ao Geo. Ill

833

3" Mail

A RETURN to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the ill of May 17So; containing an Account of the Sums ordered to be reserved in the Hands of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, out of the Monies voted for the Subsistence of an Augmentation to sundry Regiments of Foot in the Year 1779» pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant of the 20th April 1780, authorizing such Deductions.

Lift: of Regiments, with the Sums of Non Effective Subsistence to be deducted from each of them, pursuant to

the abovementioned Warrant.

ift Regiment of Foot, 2 Battalions -2d Regiment of Foot -

4th D* -

5th D*....

6th D°....

7th D* -

10th D*....

12th D*.....*

13th D* -

14th D*....

13th D*....

16th D*....

17th D*....

18th D# ——

2id D° ....

23d D# ——

25th D" ....

26th D° -27th D* -

28th D°....

33d D* ....

35th ....

37th D° -

38th D*....

39th D*....

40th D* -

43d D" ....

44th D* ——

45th D°....

46th D°....

48th D* -

49th D*....

50th D° -

51st D*....

5 2d D* ——

54th D* -

55thD‘....

56th D’....

57th D*....

58th D" -59th D° -

60th Regiment

61st D° -63d D° -64th D* -65th D" -69th D° -70th D° -

tft Battalion 2d D*

3d D°

4th D*

Paymaster General’s Officer td May 1780.

£ s. dk

1,222 15 "

611 7 6

766 10 —

766 10 —

766 10 —

766 10 —

1,496 10 —

1,15° 2 6

611 7 6

766 10 ~

766 10 —

766 10 —

766 10 —

6n 7 6

766 10 —

766 10 —

611 7 6

766 10 —

766 10 —

766 10 —

76 6 10 —

766 10 —

766 766 1,250 76 6 766 766 1,496

10

10

2

10

10

10

10

Rich* Rigby.

766 10 —

2,611 12 6

766 10 —

6i 1 7 6

1,980 2 6

766 10 —

- 766 10 —

766 10 —

1,250 a -6

766 10 —

- 1,250 2 6

6u 7 6

- 1,250 2 6

1,250 2 6

1,250 2 6

1,250 2 6

1,250 2 6

766 10 —

766 10 —

1,250 2 6

611 7 6

1,25a 2 6

£ 48,300 0 0

Vo L.37:

10 c

Ordertd,

834 3° Mali. A. 1780.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

'Regulating Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ^T,l to rc|0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, o 00, ate. conf1(jer cf p0 much of an Act, made in the

Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, et An Act against " the exporting of Sheep, Wool, Wool-fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, Wool-flocks, " Fullers-earth, Fulling-clay, and Tobacco-pipe Clay," as retrains the Removal of Wool and other Articles to certain Times and Hours therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he vises directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as restrains the Removal of Wool, and other Articles to certain Times and Hours therein mentioned.

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of an Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as restrains the Removal of Wool and other Articles to certain Times and Hours therein mentioned: And that Mr. Ord and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Warehousing Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of Com. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," as relates to die Warehousing of Corn, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dempster took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dempster reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, Thai: the Report be now received.

Mr. Dempster accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation " of Corn," as relates to the Warehousing of Corn.

And Mr. Dempster moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation " of Corn," as relates, to the Warehousing of Corn: And that Mr. Dempster, Mr. Pownall, Sir Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Hartley, Sir Edward AJlley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, Sir Harbor d Harbord, and

Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

to explain an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militiaand l-: ’ to declare valid and effectual the Swearing in, and In-roltnent of, Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers in Cafes where all the Provisions of the several Acts now in being relative thereto, have not been observed; and to indemnify Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace, for their Proceedings therein respectively, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. ~

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the nth Day of this Instant resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and Halite, other Inhabitants of the Pariftics of Leeds, Wakefield, ire Bradford, Halifax, Huddersfield, Birjlall, S(ni11 Dfto.

verley and other Places in the West Riding of the County of York, whose NarrteS are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for laying an additional Duty of Six Pence 'per Bushel, and upwards, upon all Malt brewed by private Families; and that the Petitioners conceive such additional Duty will be a greater Hardship upon the People residing in this Part of the Country, and particularly upon the poof Manufacturer and Labourer, than upon other Places, for as much as there being no Common Brewers in the said West Riding, Wefhvards of the Town of Leeds, the Inhabitants have been accustomed in general, to brew their own Beer, and therefore will feel the full Weight of the proposed new Duty upon Malt, if the same shall be now laid on; and that the Article of Beer is so necessary a Nourishment and Support to the Manufacturer and Labourer, that it is scarce possible for them to carry on their Work, or undergo their Labour, without the Assistance of that Article; and, it being supposed that the poorest Manufacturer mud consume at least Two Quarters of Malt in a Year, for the necessary Support of himself and Family, the additional Burthen he will feel from that small Consumption, will be near Ten Shillings a Year; and that the Wages and Earnings of the Manufacturer and Labourer in these Parts, being in general small, their strictest Ckre and CEconomy is necessary to enable them to support themselves and Families; and, by the Addition of so heavy a Burthen as the proposed new Duty upon Malt, the Petitioners apprehend, many of them will be very much distressed and reduced: And therefore praying, That the said new Duty upon Malt may be laid and raised in some more convenient or equal Mode, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall l'eem meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said several Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, vending, or felling of Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate; is committed;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low Wines and Spirits made for Home

Consumption,

Complaint

of

AUrration in an Account.

Army

Extra*.

Ways

4*d Means

Supply.

20 Geo. III. f — 4 ’M835

Consumptioci, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said several Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, vending, or Idling of, Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate, is committed;

'l ive House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

61.

Teller, for the Yea, j XirZjo! }

Teller, for ,h Noe,}} »*3-So it palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Complaint being made to the House, That several Alterations had been made in the Numerical Figures of an Account, which was prefer.ted to the House by Mr. Alderman Harley upon the 23d Day of March 1779, intituled, " Particulars of the several Sums of " Money remitted, together with the Charges and " Commission attending the fame, from the 31st May " 1774 to the 13th March 1778, both inclusive, for " the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North »

tic a >"

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine into the Alterations made in the said Account; and to report the same to the House.

And a Committee war. appointed of the Lord Beauchamp, General Conway, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the H^use to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to examine into the Account of the Distribution of the Sum of £, 1,000,000, granted to His Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament, do defray Extraordinary Expences; and into the Account of the Extraordinaries of the Army for the Year 1779; and to consider of the most proper Methods for limiting the Expence of the Army to the Grants of Parliament;

Ordered, That the several Edimates relating to the Charge of the Arrrfy, which were presented to the House in the Years 1775, 1776, 1777, 1778, and 1779, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Accounts of the Extraordinaries of the Army, which were presented to the House in the Years 1775, 1776, 1777, 1778, and 1779, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Accounts of the Distribution of the Sums granted by several Acts, made in the 16th, 17th, and 18th Ycais of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to raise the several Sums for the Uses and Purpoi'es in the said Acts respectively mentioned, which were presented to the House in the Years 1776, 1777, and 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Elwes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Thp other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received upon Friday Morning next.

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Rejohed, That this House will upon Friday Mora-Vol. 37.

ing next, fefolVe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And the House having continued to fit till Half aft Hour after One of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

Rejohed, That this House will, this Day, resolve tmpnfomn*« itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the '"Debtors' Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for Relief of " Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their " Persons j and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue " in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and " for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the " Ad, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath,

" their Estates for their Creditors Benefit."

And then the House adjourned till this Morning*

Eleven of the Clock,

---- — , a

Jovis, 4* die Mail;

Anno 20® Georgii IIP'* Regis, 1780,

Prayers.

A MESS AGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker, Royal

The Lord*, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Aifent

Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several jj£

Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the imme- 1 diate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned j

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the De-fire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned j and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bilis j and that the Lord President of the Council, the Earl of Mansfield, and the Lord Anther ft, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills j which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar, imported into this Kingdom:

An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Advertisements, and certain Duties on Receipts for Legacies, or for any share of a Personal Estate divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place;

An Act to protect Goods or Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacturee of the Islands of Grenada and the Grenadines, on Board Neutral Vessels bound to Neutral Ports, during the present Hosti-> lities:

An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Com and Grain, in Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Iaft Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Encourage-

" me nt

Royal A (Tent to Bills.

8 x6 40 Mail j4. i 780,

" ment of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual " Manning His Majesty’s Navy;" and for making further Provisiom for those Purposes:

An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed Allies, imported into Great Britain; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, for a limited Time:

An Act for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Aberystwyth, in the County of Cardigan:

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for better supplying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof, with Wa-

ter; and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing ail Obstructions and Apaoyances therein:

' An Act for* the better Government and Regulation of the Poor in tire Town and Parish of,

in the County of Kent:

' An Act for repairing, lighting, watching, and cleansing, the High Street or Road called leading from AhderfgateBars,

to-the House of Woodhonfe , Gentleman, near the Turnpike at the End of the said Street or Road, in the County of iMiddlesex; and also Yard,

Yard, the North Side of Fans Alley, Mount Mill, and Willow Court, contiguous to the said Street or Road on the East and West Sides thereof, and for removing Nui-lances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Parish of Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to Shepperton, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal an Act, made in the " Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, The Master of the Rolls impowered to make Leases for Years in order to new-build " the old Houses belonging to the Rolls, and for the " better regulating the Method of granting Leases of " the said Rolls Estate for the future; and Tor making te Compensation to the Earl of Macclesfield and Sir 3 " mas Sewell, for their beneficial Rights and Interests " in certain Leases made of the Rolls Estate; and for " regulating the Method of making. Leases of the said " Estate for the future: "

An Act for building a Bridge across the River Wye between Whitney and Clifiord, in the County of Hereford:

An Act to continue the Term, and alter an«l enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of StockbriJge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winehefier, and from the said City, through BellmourLane, to the Top of Stephen s Castle

Down, near the Town of Bishop’s Waltham, in the said County; and from the said City of Winchester, through Otto-borne, to Bargate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from The Cross at Broken CroJs in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Buxton, in the County of Derby; and for making and keeping in Repair certain Branches of Road to communicate with the said Macclesfield Road:

An Act toenlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, one made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Southampton and

n

Dorfit-, and ttie other, made in the Second Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty, to amend the said former Act, and for amending and widening the Road between Ringwood Gate, in the County of Southampton, to Wuoifi bridge, and from thence to the Great Western Road, between a Place called Thick Thorn and Cashmort Inn; so far as the said Two Acts relate to the Fifth Division of Road directed to be repaired and widened by the said last mentioned Act:

An Act for converting into Money the Statute Labour in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, for the Purpose of repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries within the said Stewartry:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads from Tetbury, and other Places in the County of Gloucester, so far as the same relates to the Road from Tetbury to the Gates on the West of mond's Hall Down, and from the House at the Top of Frocester Hill, where the Turnpike Gate lately stood, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester towards Bath, and from the Field called Bout down Sleight, to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horfiey to Tetbury, near Tittup's Inn; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the said Turnpike Road near Howell’s Dozvn, across Owlpen to a Lane leading

to Lumpern Hill, and from another Part of the said Turnpike Road near the Latter Wood Turnpike, across Owl-pen Down aforesaid, all in the said County of Gloucester:'

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening several Roads leading from the Town of " Louth, in the County of Lincoln

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Sage Cross, in the Town of Melton , in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for amending the Road from the'West'End of Seend Street, to The HGrfie and Jockey in the Pafish of Box, in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road: and for making an additional Road from the said Road in the Cfctapelry of Seend, to communicate with the Devizes. Turnpike Road, at or near Somerham Brook, in the same Chipelry,- all in the said County: - ' *

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Mold to Denbigh, and from thence to Tal y and Conway, and from Wrexham to Ruthin, Denbigh, and Rhyddlan, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon, as relates to the Read from Wrexham to Denbigh:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for re*

" pairing and widening the Road from the Town of " Guldeford to The Directing Pofi near the Town of " Farnham, in the County of Surrey:"

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called the Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, through nowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey:

An Act to effect an Exchange between Sir James Peachy, Baronet, and others, Trustees of an Alms House, ‘ or House of Charity, at Petwin the County of Sussex, and George Obrien, Earl of Egremont, of certain Lands and Tenements belonging to the said Charity, for other Lands and Tenements belonging to the said Earl of Egremont:

An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement

made

General Tunipik# A a.

20 Geo. III. 4

made between the Lord Bishop of Norwich and Robert Fellowes, Esquire, for the Exchange of certain Estates in the County of Norfolk

An Act for vesting absolutely One-third Part of Three Crofts of Land, and the Erections and Buildings thereon, with the Appurtenances, in the Parish of ton, otherwise Low Layton, in the County of Effete, dc-vised by the Will of John Smi, deceased, for the Benefit of the Poor of the Parities of Saint Swithin and Peter in Eastgate, in the City of in Trustees, to be

Ibid.to Samuel Bosanquet, Esquire; and for laying out the Money thereby arising, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled and allured for the Benefit of the Poor aforesaid, pursuant to the Directions of the said Will:

An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates late of John Norris, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for railing Money to discharge the Legacies, given by his Will, and the Codicils thereto remaining unsatisfied; and for other Purposes:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Padures, and other Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Swinford, in the County of

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Padures Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Eafi Farndon, in the County of Northampton:

An Act fordividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Padures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Grendon, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, Carrs, and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Manor of Thornton, in the North Gliding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Padures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within t lie Manor and Parish of in the County of Northampton:

An Act for extinguishing all Rights of Sheeptvalk, Common, and Shackage, in and over the Common Fields, and Half-Year Lands, lying within the Parishes of Salthotfeand Killing, in the County of and for dividing and allotting certain Warrens, Heaths, Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Grounds, within the said Parishes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act fordividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, in the Parishes of Northill and Sandy, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common called Northwood ox Northwood in the Township of Nckeyin the Parish of and County of Hereford:

An Act fordividing and inclosing certain Open Common, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of and also a certain Parcel of Open, Common, and Waile Land, called Gwern-y-Mynydd, within the Manor of Hopton, in the County of Montg; An Act fordividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields within the Parish o( Ickingham, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act to enable James , Esquire, an Infant lately called James Godin, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and all other Persons who shall become entituled to the Estates late of Peter , Esquire, deceased, under the Limitations contained ir. his Will, to take and use the Surname of Bigot, pursuant to his said Will:

An Act for naturalizing Anthony Henry Haldimand.

Sir William Codringtcn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for declaring certain Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of Hispresent Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads in that Part ol Vol. 37.

Great Britain called 'England, to extend to all Aftstnade and to be made, for repairing Roads subsequent to the passing of the said Act, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill* and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to, report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be in-grcfTed.

Mr. Owen of Pembroke presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Monies received at the Office of Fee? f the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Chamber in the Year . ended at Michaelmas 1778; together with a State of the Majesty’*. Fees, and Perquisites arising in the said Office within the Chamber, said Period.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, Thar the said Account do lie upon |l)e Table, to be peruled by the Members of the Ho,use,u>

The laid Account is preserved amongst th* other Papers of this Sefli'on.

r,

Mr. Eden presented to the House, according to Order, American a Bill to allow the Exportation of Provisions, Goods,

'arc?, and Merchandize, from Great Britain tp certain Towns, Ports, or Places, in North America, which are or may be under the Profcftion of His Majesty’s Arms, and from such Towns, Ports, or Places, to Great Britan-, and other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions: And the (lime was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Secoqfl Time upon Monday Mornirg next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, R*|alaiinj[ a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Thir- Removal teenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as restrains the Removal of Wool &c. and other Articles to certain Times and Hours therein-mentioned: And the same was receivedand read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Ewell Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and Jceeping in Repair, the Roads from Epsom, through "'Ewell, to Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston upon " Thames and Thames Dittonfm the County of Surrey,"

and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, to the Ryegati Turnpike Road on Borough Heath, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that thfc Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to Tocting, and from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames and " Thames Ditton, in the County of Surrey>" and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road on Borough Heath, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered,'That the Order of the Day, for the House Recruiting to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

10 D upon Force-

Account;

Officer*

Widows.

Comlpaint

of

Alteration in an Account

838 4«,

upon the Bill to continue* for a Tirfie to be limited* the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing An Act, made " in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for " the more ealy and better recruiting of His Majesty’s u Land Forces and Marines; and for substitutirtg other " and more effectual Provisions in the Place thereof," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly *

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Mr. Ord reported from the Committee That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at th'e -Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thera-ujion, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies remaining of the Sums voted by Parliament for the Pensions of Widows of Officers of the Army, in the Years 1775, 1776, 1777, 1778, and 1779.

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, who were appointed to examine into the Alterations made in the Numerical Figures of an Account, which was presented to the House by Mr. Alderman Harley upon the 23d Day of March 1779, intituled, " Par-" ticulars of the several Sums of Money remitted, together with the Charges and Commission attending " the fame, from the 31st May 1774, to the 13th March " 1778, both inclusive, for the Use of His Majesty’s " Forces in North America and to report the same to the House; That the Committee had examined the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Mr. Francis Wackmore being shewn the Account, said That the same is his Hand-Writing; and that several Alterations have been made therein, since the same was made out.

Then a Member present informed your Committee, That he received the Account from Mr. Blackmore and presented it immediately to the House, without making any Alteration therein.

Then the Account was read; and it appeared to your Committee, that several Alterations have been made therein, as follow:

That in the Invoice of the 10th of January 1776, in the Charge of Telling, Bags, Chests, Cart, and Bills of Lading, the Sum has been altered from /. ir. 6 to /. 72. is.6 d.and also in the Charge of Presents to the Clerks of the Bullion Office, the Sum has been altered from/, 2. 2 s.to/. 12.2 s.

That in the Invoice of the 22d November 1776, in the Charge for Telling, Bags, Chests, and Bills of Lading, the Sum has been altered from /. 11. 14;. nd. £. 711. 14 s.nd. and also in the Charge of Presents to the Clerks in the Bullion Office, the Sum has been altered from/. 2. is. to /. 42. 2

That in the Invoice of the a8th March 1777, in

Mali. A. 1780,

the Charge for Telling, Bags, Chests, and Bills of leading, the Sum has been altered from /. 1 13/. 7 to/.i 1. 13.J. 7 d.

That in the Invoice of the 10th of June 1777, in the Charge for "Telling, Bags, Chests, and Bills of Lading, the Sum has been altered from /. 2 18r. id. to£.j2. i8r. id.

That in the Invoice of the 24th of September 1777, in the Charge for Telling, Bags, Chests, and Bills of Lading, the Sum has been altered from/. 1. id. to /.11. 6s. id. And,

That in the Invoice of the 13th March 1778, in the Charge for Telling, Bags, Chests, and Bills of Lading, the Sum has been altered from /. 3. 10 to.

/.i 3, Jr. tod.

But that it appeared to your Committee, That, no Alteration has been made in any the of Totajs in the said Account.

Then Mr. John Benson, the Clerk of the Journals belonging to this House, being examined, said. That the Account was put up with the rest of the Papers at tl’.e End of the last Session; and that he cannot account how the Alterations were made, nor did he know they were made until mentioned to him by a Member present. v

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That several Alterations have been made, by Persons unknown, in an Account presented to this House upon the 23d Day of March 1779, intituled, "Particulars of t^ie several " Sums of Money remitted, together with the Charges " and Commission attending the fame, from the 31st " May 1774 to the 13th March 1778, both inclusive for " the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in North ."

Refo/ved, That it is highly criminal, and a Breach of the Privilege of this House, for any Person whatever to make any Alterations in Papers 'r Accounts presented to this House, without the; pedal Order of the House.

Resolved, That the Papers and Accounts, presented to this House, be carefully preserved by the Clerk in whose custody they are intrusted, and that no Person be permitted to take the same from the House, under any Pretence whatever and if any Person shall presume to take any Papers or Accounts from the House, that the said Clerk do forthwith acquaint Mr. Speaker that the House may be informed thereof.

A Petition of several Malfters residing in the Supply Bill County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and Dunesou read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending in the House, for laying an additional Duty; upon Malt; and that many of the Petitioners have very large Stocks of Malt in Hand, and, unless A reasonable Time be allowed for Payment of the said ulditional Duty, the Petitioners will be greatly oppiefted, and many of them totally ruined, as they dispose of nearly the Whole of their Malt to the London Brewers, to whom they are obliged to give long Credit: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by their Count'd, touching the Premises, and have such Relief as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

And a Motion being made and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Dut ics upon Malt, and upon Low W ines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain and upon the Produce of the said several Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, vending, or felling of Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition if they think fit;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered,

Ionian

Catholic*

Supply Bills

Duties on Malt, Arc.

Extending

Members

qtulifcjttious.

Imprisonment

of Debtors*

20 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of His Majesty’s loyal Protestant Sub^ jeds of Sheerness, in the County of Kent, was present-

ed to the House, and read} Setting forth. That the Petitioners, sensible of the many Blessings which, as Protestants and Britons, they enjoy, cannot but be alarmed at an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty, repealing certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on the Papists by a Statute, enuded in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of William the Third, for further preventing the Growth of Popery: and that it is with the deepest Concern they petition the House against a Law which has al* ready received the Royal Assent; but as this Act was so suddenly introduced, and so hastily passed, before the Sense of the Nation at large could be obtained, or any Opposition formed against it, they are encouraged to hope that this Application will not prove too late for Red refs: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the Ad lately passed in Favour of the Papists,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low Al ines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said several Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, vending, or felling of, Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord, reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may Leave to fit again.

Rejo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That tire Bill to explain and amend the several Acts for securing the Freedom of Parliament, by farther extending the Qualification for Members to fit in the House of Commons, and for rendering the same more effectual, be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight, at Twelve of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom" ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors,

" who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a " certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are " mentioned in the Ad, to make Discovery of, and " deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors

Benefit.’*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

VOL. 37.

Vi eneris, 50 die Maii j

Annb 20° Georgii IIP11 Regis; 1780; ,

Prayers.

\ MESSAGE storri the! Lords, by Mr. Feekel and Mr. Leeds;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled; Ail WtrmmlW Act for dividing, allotting; and laying in Severalty, the *nd Open and Common Fields, and Open Downs, within jCor<J.e)r the Parilties of Warmiujler and in the County ncoure-

of Wilts; and for dividing, allotting; and inclosing, the CominOn Meadows; Common Pallures, and Waste Lands, within the said Parishes j without any Amendment: And also;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hilton for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, *«clrfure. Common Meadow, Common Pastures; Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Hilton, in the Pafilh of Marston upon , in the County of Derby \ without any Amendment: And

also,

The tiordx have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act OMfwinford for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste nco ure* I>ands, in the Parish of Oldfiviitford, in the County of Worcester; without any Amendment: Andalfb,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Gee’s

for veiling the Real Estates late of Roger Gee, of Bftatet. Bishop Berton, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to raise Money, by Sale or Mortgage thereof, for discharging Incumbrances thereon, and the Debts and Legacies of the said Roger Gee; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ^aine,s incorporating the Trustees of the Charities established charities, by the Settlements and will of Henry Esquire,

deceased, and to enable them to take the Freehold and Leal’ehold Estates, Monies, and Funds, granted, assigned, settled, and given, for and towards the Support and Maintenance of the said Charities, to them and their Successors in Perpetuity, for the chari-tiable Uses and Purposes in the said Settlements and Will expressed; and for the better Regulation and Management of the said Charities; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Copley’s

for veiling Part of the Freehold Estates of ‘Thomas Estates.

Copley, Esquire, in Trustees, for a Term ot One thousand Years, in Trull, to, raise, by Way of Mortgage thereofa Sum of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act D,lJ(e for veiling the Fee Simple of Part of the Estates, set- Ancaster tied by the Will of the Moll noble Robert late Duke (

of Ancaster and Kesteven deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying of Debts and Incumbrances afleding the said Estates: and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act c . for veiling Part of the Freehold Estates of Thomas Copley, Esquire, in Trustees, for a Term of One thousand Years, in Trull, to raise, by Way of Mortgage thereof, a Sum of Money, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An

5° Ma

: A. 1780.

Duke of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Al'and *or vc^'no the Fee Simple of Part of the Estates Ksfteven’j settled by the Will of the Most noble Robert late Duke

Estate*. of Ancaster and Kesteven deceased, in Trustees, to be

fold, for pacing off Debts and Incumbrances affecting the said Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned } was read the First Time.

’ B-ffifved.That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Zaire’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act C(utiiie*. for incorporating the Trustees of the Charities established by the Settlements and wi.l of Henry , Esquire, deceased, and to enable them to take the Freehold and Leasehold Estates, Monies, and Funds, granted, assigned, settled, and given for and towards the Support and Maintenance of the said Charities, to- them and their Successors in Perpetuity, for the charitable Uses and Purposes in the said Settlements and Will expressed; and for the better Regulation and Management of the said Charities, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

!(k of Man. Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties now payable upon 1 the Importation of certain Goods and Commodities into The Isle of Man,

Debts and Legacies of the said Roger; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for quieting the Troubles now subsisting in the British Colonies in North America; and for enabling His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, with foil Powers to treat and conclude upon Terms of Conciliation with the said Colonies.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, S

Tellers for the Noes, 1

So it was resolved in tha Affirmative:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the War.

I.ord Walpole* s and Mr. Cokt!s Exchange.

Warrant

permitting certain Ships ro Sail to America.

Catholics.

GVis E Hares.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be made between the Right honourable Horatio Lord Walpole and Thomas William Coke, Esquire, of divers Lands in the County of Norfolk, comprized in the Marriage Settlement of the said Horatio Lord Walpole, and devised by the Will of Thomas Earl of deceased;

and for settling the Lands given in Exchange to each Party to such and the same Idles as the Lands for which the tame are exchanged flood settled and limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. worth, Mr. Bacon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Warrant of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, pernfitting certain Ships and Vessels bound to North America, to fail.

A Petition of His Majesty’s loyal Protestant Subjects of the Towns of Plymouth and Plymouth Dock, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, sensible of the many Blelfings which, as Protestartts and Britons, they 'enjoy, cannot but be alarmed at an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, repealing certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on the Papists by a Statute, enabled in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of William the Third, for further preventing the Growth of Popery; and that it is with the deepest Concern they petition the I souse against a Law which has already received the Royal Assent; but, as this Act was lo suddenly introduced, and so hastily passed, before the Sense of the Nation at large could be obtained, or any Opposition formed against it, they are encouraged to hope that this Application will not prove too late for Red refs: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the Act lately passed in Favour of the Papists.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Real Estates late of Roger Gee, of Rt-shop Eurtbn, in the County of Esquire, deceased,

in Trustees, to raile Money, by Sale or Mortgage thereof, for discharging Incumbrances thereon, and the 22

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursdax Seven-night, the 18th Day of this Instant Max, resolve itfeil into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty’s Civil Establishments, and of certain Public Olfices; for the Limitation of Pensions, and the Suppression of lun-dry useless, expensive, and inconvenient Places; and for applying, the Monies laved thereby, to the Public service.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House wilj, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee or the who'e House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning rext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled " An Act " for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors who " shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are " mentioned in* the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors " Benefit."

Ordered, That Mr. Byng have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Twelve of the Ciock. on Saturday Morning.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the several Persons w'hose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Mile End New Town, in the County of

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending relating to the Poor, and for paving the

Streets

Motion

respecting

American

Affairs,

State of the War.

Regulation of His Majesty Civil Establishments.

Ways and Means*

Supply.

Imprisonment ot Debtors.

Mile End Poor.

20 Geo. III. c»_8* Mali. 841

Streets and other Places within the said Hamlet, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and that the Way or Passage called Baker's Row (Part of which was formerly called Mvfic Lane) leading from Whitechapel Road into the Parish of Saint Mary MatfeUon otherwise Whitechapel, in the said County of to the said Hamlet of End New Town, is a great Thoroughfare for Foot Passengers, and would be a very convenient Carriage Way into the said Hamlet, and particularly from the Water Side, if the same was widened and improved, by removing the Houses and other Buildings on the West Side of the said Avenue called Baker's Row, and also a House at the North End thereof, in the Occupation of Robert Broughton, or so much thereof as may be necessary for the said Purpose, and Provision (hade for paving and regulating such Part thereof as lies within the said Hamlet; and that it would like wile be a public Convenience, if the Street called Great Garden Street leading from Whitechapel Road aforesaid into the said Hamlet, was included in the said Bill, wiih respect to paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for the above Purposes, in such Manner as the House may think right.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, asit shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Mr. , &c.: And they are to meet upon Morning next, at

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Military Account of the Monies issued for extraordinary Ser-Services vices in North America, during that Period of the America. hit War when General Amherst, now Lord , was

Commander in Chief there: distinguishing each

Year, and the several Services to which the said Sums of Money were applied.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Forces, Officers included, employed in North America, with the Number of Commissaries, and their Pay, dining that Period of the last War when General Amherst, now Lord Amhe'rJ, was Commander in Chief there; distinguishing each Year, and the respective Colonies where the said Forces were employed.

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Richard Wooding being examined, said, That he knows the Way or Passage called Baker's , leading from Whitechapel Road to the Hamlet of Mile End Town — i'hzt the same is a great Thoroughfare for Foot Passengers; and that it would be a great Convenience, and of public Utility, if the said Passage was widened and improved, so as to render the same palpable for Carriages as well as Foot Passengers, and if Provision was made for paving and regulating such Part thereof as lies within the said Hamlet. — And the Witness further laid. That it would also be a public Convenience, if the Street called Great Garden Street, leading from Whitechapel Road aforesaid into the said Hamlet, was properly paved, clsanfed, lighted, watched, and regulated.

Richard Vinfon confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Hamlet of Mile End New Town, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of

Middlesex; for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, and other Open PafiSges and Places within the said Hamlet, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for consolidating the Highway Rates with the other Rates within the said Hamlet, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for making a Carriage Way through Baker's Row, leading from Whitechapel Road to the said Hamlet of Mile End New Town and for paving and regulating so much of such Carriage Way as lies within the said Hamlet, and also the Street called Great Garden Street.

The House being informed that there is a Mistake Fee* of the in the Lift of Fees, Perquisites, and other Eraolu- Clerk of xnents of Office, claimed and usually taken by the Assizes, Clerk of the Assizes, Associate, Clerk of Arraigns, 0x w<!‘ and Clerk of the Indictments, in the Oxford Circuit, which was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of January last, and which, upon the 23d Day of February, was with several other Lifts and Accounts, ordered to be referred to the Consideration of a Committee, to examine and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

Ordered, That so much of the said Order, as relate? to referring the said Lift to the Consideration of the said Committee, be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Lift, in Order to the presenting a correct Lift instead thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunae, 8° Matt \

Anno 20* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

Mile End A TR- Byng reported from the Committee, to whom Poor. iYA the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Mile End New Town, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and Vol. 37.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Eames and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supply Bill Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties up- Duties on’ on Salt, and for regulating the Exportation of Salt to Salt. The ljle of Man; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill for obviating a Doubt touching Parish the binding and receiving of Poor Children Apprentices, Apprentices, in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Relief of the Poor within particular incorporated Hundreds or Districts, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for obviating Doubts touching the binding and receiving of Poor Children Apprentices, in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Relief of the Poor within particular incorporated

10 E Hundreds

842

80 Mail

A. 1780.

Hundreds or Districh; and for ascertatning the Settlement of Bastard Children born in the Houses of Industry within such Hundreds or Districts.

Ordered, That Sir Edward AJlley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Onslow’s

Marriage

Settlement.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph do carry to the

Lords the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Ord, Esquire, and John , Esquire, Trustees named in the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the honourable Thomas with Arabella his now Wife, to fell the Bents, Services, Duties, Reliefs, Ilerriots, and other Dues and Payments, payable, or to be performed or rendered, by the Tenants of the several Manors or Lordships comprized in the said Settlement, and to enfranchise the Copyhold Tenements held of such Manors or Lordships; and for laying out the Money which shall arise by such Sale and Enfranchisement, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses to which the said Manors or Lordships do now (land settled; and acquaint their Lordships, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

GreweWierp

Inclosure.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable Sir John Goodricke, of Ribjlo, in the County of York,

Baronet, Lord of the Manor of in the said

County, and of several other Persons, Owners and Proprietors t f Messuages, Lands, and Tenements within the said Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Ditto.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons or Waste Grounds, in the Manor or Township of Grewelthorp, in the West Riding of the County of York: and the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wurdioufidg Mr. Pcwnallpresented to the House, according to ot Corn. Order, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in

the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation " and Exportation of Corn," as relates to the Ware-houling of Corn: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Commission for declaring his Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Af-sent to One Public Bill, and several Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Arch-bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord President of the Council, the Earl of Mansfield, and the Lord Amherfi, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt, and for regulating the Exportation of Salt to The Isle of Man:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Open Fields, and Common Pastures, in the Liberty of Findern, in the Parish of Mickleover, and County of Derby.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, and Open Downs, within the Parishes of Warm and Corfiey, in the County of Wilts; and for dividing, alldtting, and inclosing, the Common Meadows, Common Pailurcs, and Waste Lands, within the said Parishes:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of in the County of Worcester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Hilton, in the Parish of upon

Dove, in the County of Derby:

An Act for naturalizing Lewis

Tomorrow Morning.

General

Turnpike

Act.

An ingrossed Bill for declaring certain Provisions of An Act made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, to extend to ail Acts m'dde, and to be made, for repairing Roads, subsequent to (he passing of the said Act, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 29. To leave out from the beginning of die Line to the End of Line 33. and insert " and which have not, " or shall not be varied, altered, " or repealed by any subsequent " Act or Acts of Parliament, " were and are meant and intend-- " ed, and " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and- the Question being put, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of any Requisitions that were made by the Civil Magistrate, and by whom, for any* of the Horse or Foot Guards to be in Readinels, from the 5th to the 7th Day of April lull; .

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

\'r.n

'he

Att

dr

b

7R:

L’;ti

Resolved, That the ingossed Bill for declaring certain Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, to extend to all Acts made, and to be made, for repairing Roads, subsequent to the passing of the said Act, do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for declaring certain Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, to extend to all Acts made, and to be made, for repairing Roads, subsequent to the passing of the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir William do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their. Concurrence.

General

Turnpike

Act.

Motion respetVmj Requisitioni of the Ci'ii Magiftnte for the All-tance of the Miiiary-

ftovrfl a film A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher

'*» Bill*. of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker, - .

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty s

Tellers for the Yeas

CSir William Meredith, 7

’ 7. Sir Philip Jennings Clerke: j

91.

Tellers for the Noes^J.

So it passed in the Negative.

5«

or

A Mo-

ir.-

ao Geo. III. b — 9* Mali. &4#

Motion

respecting

the

Duration of Parliament!.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for shortening the Duration of Parliaments *

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Alderman Saw-

Tellers for the Y eas,

Mr.:

Tellers for the Nocs, fj />f"-

’^Mr.

So it passed in the Negative.

t

90.

t8z.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, refblve itself into a Cocn-from the mittee of the whole House, upon the Bill to per-, Levam. mit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within The Levant or Seas, to be

imported into Great Britain or , in British or

Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited.

Expenditure Re/o/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-°Moiiev'C die Day of this Instant May, resolve itself

0 ‘ into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of York, and also the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

C»1I of the Ordered, That the Call of the House be further ad-

#uk‘ journed till Friday Sevennient, the 10th Day of this Instant May.

Election; Ordered, That the Bill for more eflc&ually prevent-preventmj ing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Mem-Bribery, Ac. gers to serve jn Parliament, by imposing an Oath to be taken by any Candidate at such Election, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

American Ordered, That the Bill to allow the Exportation of Trade. Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Great Britain to certain Towns, Ports, or Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty’s Arms, and from such Towns, Ports, or Places, to G Britain, and other Parts ot His Majesty’s Dominions, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Refohed, That this Hmfe will, Tomorrow Morn-

Duties on ing, rdbive itself into a Committee of the whole House, Malt,&c. to con|K|cr further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Britain, and upon

the Produce of the said levcra! Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, vending, or felling of, Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate.

Ways and Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Means. the whole f souse, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received upon Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Re/o/ved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Imprison- Refohed, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

mem of ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Dubtora. upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Vol. 37.

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " foe Relief of Debtors,; with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons;. and to oblige Debtors, who " shall continue in Execution in Prhon beyond a certain Time, and for Sum* not exceeding what are " mentioned in the Ad, to make Discovery of, and " deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors* " Benefit."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock. 1

- - --------- *--- n — "!?" *-->---- —

Martin,90 die Maii; _ \

Anno 20* Georgii IlH jftegis, 1780. Prayers. > .1.

MR. Wihnoi reported from the CotnmhtCe', to

whom the Bill for dividing and indofiri^ the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable La sids a!rid Grounds, of and within the Manors and Pari flics of Stratton And-ley, in the County of Oxford, arid Cavcrsfield, in the County of Bucks, was committed; That the Committee' had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of; the House, of the 25th of-April 1774, relative to . Bills’ of Ihfclosure, had been complied Withand that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same (ebe: true;' and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee;-and that the Committee, had gone through the Bill, and made feycrat Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in' his Place; arid afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-: ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then hi Second' Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.: Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments^1 be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Billfrom the Lords, intituled, AnACt for veiling the Fee Simple of Part of the Estates,1 settled by the Will of the Most Noble Robert late Duke of Anca/ler and Kesteven, deceased, in Trustees, to be Ibid. for paying off Debts and Incumbrances affecting the said Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read’a Second Time. c

Resolved, That the Bill' be committed Co Mr, Whitworth, Mr. Tozvu/jciid, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. ' \ .‘

Mr. Marfoamreported'from the Committee,;to whom

the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An 'Act to enable Richard Gee, the Younger, Esquire, and-his Issue Male, to take and use the’Suriname, and bear the Arms, of Carers, pursuant to the Will of Sir Nicholas Hackett Carew, Baronet; deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be True; and that the Corrimittee had directed him ;to report the BilBtb the House, with-' out any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table lev::;,. t 1 *

And the said Bill was read (he Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's.

Ordered, That Mr. Marfoam do carry the Bill to the Lords; andacquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame; without any Aniendment.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Real Estates, late of Roger Gee, of Burton, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to raile Money, by Sale or Mortgage thereof,

f>r

Strattou

Audlejr

Inclosure.

Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven’* Eilat e'.

Gee’i Name.

Gee’*

Estatei.

Securing the Dock Varda, 4c*

Ditto

Accounti from the Secretaries of State’* Offices.

844 o° Maii A> 1780.

for discharging Incumbrances thereon, and the Debts and Legacies of the said Roger Gee; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir George Savile, &o.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Monday the First Day of this Instant " That Leave " be given to bring in a Bill to vest certain Messuages,

" Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees,

" for the better (ecuring His Majesty’s Docks, Ships,

" and Stores at Plymouth, Chaand Skeerness; and

w for better defending the Passage of the River Thames " at Grave/end and Tilbury F might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That so much of the said Order, as relates to Chatham, be discharged.

Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, according to Order a Bill to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in ; Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth and Skeerness-, and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Grave/end and Tilbury Fort: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Chamier presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° 1. An Account of the Annual Appointments of the Principal Secretary of State for the Northern Department, with the Deductions therefrom: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Fees received in the Office of His. Majesty’s Principal Secretary of State for the Northern Department, together with the Distribution of them, from the Year 1764 to 1779, inclusive, distinguishing each Year: And also,

N° 3. An Account of Monies received by Mr.

Sneyd, at the Exchequer, in pursuance of Letters written at iundiy Times to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury by the Earl of Roch/ord, one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, and the Expenditure thereof by his Lordship’s Directions for His Majesty’s Service, from November 2 2d 1769 to November 8th 1775: And also,;

N° 4. An Account of Monies received by Mr. Jeremy Sneyd, at the Exchequer, in pursuance of Letters written at sundry Times to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, by the lafe Earl of Suffolk, one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, and the Expenditure thereof by His Lordship’s Directions, and by the Directions of His Successors in Office, from November 81h 1775 to December 31st 1779: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Expences of the Messengers attending His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State for the Northern and Southern Departments, from the 10th Octoberj763 to the loth 1779; And also,

N° 6. An Account of Stationers’ Bills for the Secretaries off State’s Offices for the Southern and Northern Departments, from 6th January 1764 to 5th January 1780: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Annual Allowances from His Majesty to the Two Under Secretaries of State in the Northern Department, which commenced in January 1770: And also,

N° 1. An Account of the Annual Appointments of the Principal Secretary of State for the Southern Department, with the Deductions therefrom: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Fees received in the Office of His Majesty’s Principal Secretary of State for the Southern Department, together with the Distribution of them, from the Year 176410 1779 inclusive; distinguishing each Year: And also.

N° 3. An Account of Monies received by Mr. Shadwell, at the Exchequer, in pursuance of Letters written at sundry Times to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury', by the Earl of Suffolk, one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, and the Expenditure thereof by his Lordship’s Directions for His Majesty’s Service, from August 1st 1772 to November 10th 1775: And also,

N° 4. An Account of Monies received by Mr. Richard Shad well, at the Exchequer, in pursuance of Letters written at sundry Times to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, by the Lord Viscount mouth, one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, and the Expenditure thereof by his Lordship’s Directions for His Majesty’s Service, from November 10th 1775 to December ift 1779: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Expences of the Meflen-gers attending His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State for the Northern and Southern Departments, from the 10th October 1763 to the 10th October 1779: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Stationers’ Bills for the Secretaries of State’s Offices for the Southern and Northern Departments, from 6th January 1764 to 5th January 1780: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Annual Allowances from His Majesty to the Two Under Secretaries of State in the Southern Department, which Allowances commenced in January 1770.

Together with Lists of the said Accounts.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. George Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estates of Thomas More Molyneux, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of such of his Debts and Legacies as now remain unsatisfied, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates of Thomas Copley, Esquire, in Trustees, for a Term of One thousand Years, in Trust, to raise by Way of Mortgage thereof, a Sum of Money, for the Purposes therein mentioned» was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages in the City of London, Part of the Estates late of Charles Lord Viscount Irwin, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved,

Molyneux’s

Estates.

Copley s E dates.

Lord Jr win’s Mates.

WrgKi\>

"Nuuu*.

Recruiting

the

Land Forces.

Import 6f Good I from the Levant.

C,-r

20 Geo. ill. i

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Gccdricke reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Ingi/by, Esquire (lately called John Wright'] to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Ingilby, pursuant to the Will of Sir John,

Baionct deceased, was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Bill tQ the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said BUI was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's.

Ordered, That Sir John G do carry the Bill to the Lordsi and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act,

" made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more ealy and better recruiting of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, and for substituting other and more effectual Provisions in the " Place thereofwas read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pal's: And that die Title be, An Act to continue for a limited Time, so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the more eal'y and better Recniiting His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as relates to the Encouragement of Volunteers.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defne their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within The Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or , in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited;

Ordered, That the Account of all Cotton Wool imported Annually into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1777 to Christmas 1779; distin-guishing the Foreign from the Growth of the British Colonies, and the respective Quantities in each Year from the several Colonies and Countries, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Cotton Wool imported Annually into Scotland, from Christmas 1777 to Christmas last; distinguishing the Foreign from the Growth of the British Colonies, and the respective Quantities in each Year from the several Colonies and Countries, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Cotton Manufacturers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, and of the Committee of Trade in the said Town, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Cluir.

The Lord Newhaven took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

The Lord Newhavenreported from the Committee,

That they had heard Counl'el, and examined Witness'es, in Behalf of the Petition of Henry Ra-eolinjon of Liverpool, Agent to the Merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster; and ali'o of the Petition of John Spottijwoode, Agent, appointed by the Council and Assembly of the island of Tobago, for and in Behalf of the Rail'ers of Cotton in the British West India Islands; and had made a Progress in the Bill; and that lie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Vol. 37.

Mail.

845

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Excluding Reading of the Bill for the better securing the Freedom of Parliament, by excluding certain Placemen from fitting /rom in the House of Commons; in Parliament:

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of, consider further of the Bill for appointing and enabling ^collars' Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service; and what Defects there are #

in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for. Public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive, Manner the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Isle of Man; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties now payable upon the Importa- uties‘ tion of certain Goods and Commodities into The ljle of Man;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Waretaufing Reading of the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made of Corn, in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," as relates to the Warehousing of Corn;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Elections;

Preventing

Bribery,

&c.

American

Trade.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for more effectually preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, by imposing an Oath to be taken by any Candidate at such Election;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to allow the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Great Britain to certain Towns, Ports, or Places, in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty’s Arms, and from such Towns, Ports, or Places, to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 2ad Day of this Instant May, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Duties on consider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Conl'umption, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said several Duties; and for granting a Duty

10 F on

Malt, 8tc.

846 9° — 10° ^.1780.

on Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, able upon the Importation of Foreign Bone Thread vending, or felling of, Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate. Lace.

oToebtorT Refohed, That this House will, upon this Day Fort- , That the Report, which upon the 2d Dav, Foreign

night, the 23d Day of this Instant May, at Twelve of of this Instant May was made from the Committee, to the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole whom the Report was re-committed, which was made House upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the prin-passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late cipal Merchants and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act of ,in the County of and also the

" for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprison- Petition of the principal Merchants and Inhabitants of " ment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of " continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, Devon-, and also the Petition of the Merchants and and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in Manufacturers of the Town of Wellhigton, in the County " the Ait, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon ofwere severally referred; be referred to the " Oath, their Estates for their Creditors’ Benefit." said Committee.

Moseley Ordered, That Sir George Savile have Leave to make ^nclosure. a ^fofjon> jt being Half an Hour after Eleven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of Harrison , Clerk, Reitor of the Parish of Kirk Bramwith, in the West Riding of the County of York, and of the several Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in the same Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

And the said Petition was read; faking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Moss, otherwise Moseley, in the Parish of and also the Open

Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bramwith, in the West Riding of the County of York-, and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be very prejudicial and injurious to them: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves,. their Counsel, or Agents, before the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the said Bill is referred, or at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllru&iou to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 1 o° Man j

Anno 20* Georgii III1*1 Regis, 1780. Praters.

Importation ftESOLKED, That this House will, upon

Foreign Lace. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties now pay-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House IdeofMany to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Import to consider of the Duties now payable upon the Impor- ut!e<" tation of certain Goods and Commodities into The Isle of Man, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Orel took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Stanley, Secre- Warrant tary to the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at Permuting the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Sailing to the House, pursuant to their Order, ShipMo-

A Paper, intituled, " Warrant, iS’th April 1780, New York.

" permitting Ships and Vessels to fail for New York " with Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. BemhriJge from the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " A Return to the Order of the Saving*

" honourable the House of Commons, of the 4th of Mo,*Y " May 1780; containing an Account of the Savings " of the Sums voted by Parliament, for the Pensions Penfiom. 1 " of Widows of Officers of the Army, in the Years

" 1775>1776» *7.77» *778>and *779 "

And then he withdrew'. I

And the Title of the said Paper was read. J j

The said Paper is as followeth; v'

» I

A RETURN

20 Geo. Ill

847

io* Mail.

A R E T U R N to the Order of the honourable the House of Commons, of the 4th of May 1780; containing an Account of the Monies remaining of the Sums voted by Parliament, for the Pensions of Widows of Officers of the Army, in the Years 1775, 1776, 1777, 1778, and 1779;

Savings on the Vote of Parliament, for the Pensions of Widows of Officers of the Army, in the Year 1775 - - *

Savings on the Vote of Parliament, for D* of D*, in the Year 1776

Savings on the Vote of Parliament, for D* of D‘, in the Year 1777 -

Savings on the Vote of Parliament, for D* of D*, in the Year 1778 -

Savings on the Vote of Parliament, for D* of D°, in the Year 1779 - -

£. d. 17,258 13 3

2I»423 *3 5 21>5Sl *5 — 24»7*9 9 li 28,974 16 — I

Pay Office, Horse Guards, 8 th May 1780.

Total

13>998

7 4

Rich? Rigby.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

WarehouGng Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second of Com. Reading of the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation " and Exportation of Corn," as relates to the Ware-Jiouling of Corn, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this IJoule will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 22d Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Plymouth, A Bill to veil certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, _ *c- , and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing c ar j. j_jjs Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheer ness; and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury , was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the wholelloufe, upon the said Bill.

Raine’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act: Charities, for incorporating the Truilecs of the Charities ella-blished by the Settlements and^Will of Henry Raine, Esquire, deceased, and to enable them to take the Freehold and Leasehold Estates, Monies, and Funds, granted, assigned, settled, and given, for and towards the Support and Maintenance of the said Charities, to them and their Successors in Perpetuity, for the charitable Uses and Purposes in the said Settlements and "Will express’ed , and for the better Regulation and Management of the said Charities, was read a Second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Byng,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 37.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Dock, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham. And that Sir Richard Sutton and Sir Charles Cocks do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir Edward Act ley, according to Order, reported Foulden from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing Inclosure, and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands,

F'en Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Foulden, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands rated to the Land Tax at 8 x per Annum, who refused to consent to the Bill, but laid they should not oppose it j and also except the Owners of Lands so rated at £. 197, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands in the said Parish are rated to the Land Tax at £. 968. ioj. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Cud Report be now read.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill, were called in '

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of Anthony H Gentleman, and other Persons having Estates in the Parish of in the County of Norfolk*, and also the Petition of Anthony Horrex, Gentleman, on Behalf of himself and other Persons having Estates in the Parish of , in

the County of Norfolk; were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined a Witness in Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions, and went through the Evidence for the Petitioners.

Then the Counsel for the Bill was heard.

And

Wagci due

to the Seamen of tlit Thunderer.

Regulating

the

Removal

of Wool, &c«

Buildings

at

Somerset

House.

Roman

Catholic*.

848

10* Mali.

A. 1780.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to Royal A (Tent; but, as this Act was so suddenly intro-withdraw. dueed, and so hastily passed, before the Sense of the

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the Nation at large could be obtained, or any Opposition laid Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, formed against it, they are encouraged to hope that this upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to Application will not prove too late for Redress: And

by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Pentm preferred to the House, pursuant to their

Orders,

A Paper, intituled, " Navy Office, 8th May 1780. " A Return of the principal Officers and Commissioners

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bing in a Bill, to repeal the Act lately passed in favour of the Papists.

Ordered, That the said Petition do he upon the Table.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, made

of His Majesty’s Navy, pursuant to a Precept of the in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His prdent Mi'

cn‘V

Insolv.r;

tkWuTj

" honourable House of Commons, dated the lft In u stant to lay before the House an Account of the " Wages due to the Seamen and Marines, serving in " His' Majesty’s Ship Thunderer at the Time the last " Payments were made to her Crew; and of the Wages due to the Seamen and Marines, serving in His Majesty’s Ship Invincible at the Time the late Mutiny " or Disturbance arole on Board her."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

jesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering the Payment " of the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors more equal and " expeditious; and for regulating the Diligence of the " I.aw by Arrestment and Poinding; and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes, and for limiting Actions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in " that Part of Great Britain called for a fur-

the Time to be limited, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amend-

G'o

V

so

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, nnent thereunto, which they had directed him to report to be perused by the Members of the House. ’ to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; The said Paper is preserved amongst the other and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, Papers of this Session. in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was

Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, A Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the agreed to by the House.

Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be Charles the Second, as restrains the Removal of Wool ingrossed.

and other Articles to certain Times and Hours therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord, Mr. Brett,c.: And they are to meet this After-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to His

Supply FI, Dutiti ac Malt, i;

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- Majesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low ber. Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption,

and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great , The House was moved, That an Act, made in the and upon the Produce of the said several Duties; and Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all intituled, "An Act for settling Buckingham House, Persons trading in, vending, or felling of Coffee, Tea,

with the Appurtenances, upon the Queen, in same she shall survive His Majesty, in lieu of His Majesty’s Palace of Somerset House-, for enabling the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to sell and dispose of Ely House in Holborn, and for applying the Money to arise by Sale thereof, together with other Monies, in erecting and establishing Pub-

or Chocolate, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they

" lie Offices in Somerset House; and for embanking had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendcertain Parts of the River Thames, lying within the ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report,

" Bounds of the Manor of the Savoy; and fof other " Purposes therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act as enables the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to apply the Sums necessary for the compleating the Buildings at Somerset

when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider fur-

W*

and Mflft

House, out of the Aids granted for Naval Services, or ther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted

out of any of the Revenues arising from the Receipt of the several Offices to be erected and established by virtue of the said Act: And that Mr. Brett, Mr. Huffey, and Colonel Bane, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of His Majesty’s loyal Protestant Subjects of Wooburn, in Buckinghamshire, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners,

to His Majesty, be received upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning nexr, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Sapp!*’

sensible of the many Blessings which, as Protestants House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His and Britons, they enjoy, cannot but be alarmed at an Majesty.

Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, repealing certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on the Papists by a Statute enacted in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of William the Third, for further preventing the Growth of Popeiy; and that it is with the deepest Concern they petition the House against a Law which has already received the 16

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Gloucester Market and Street, drc.

Scotland

insolvent

Debtors.

Pontefratt

Iflclolurc.

20 Geo. III.

ii

Mali.

849

y<rois, 11* die Mati \

Anno 20* Georgii III'" Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

MR. barrow reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for providing and establishing a Market, for erecting a New Gaol and House of Correction, and for removing certain Gateways, in the City of Gloucester; and for amending the several Acts passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the Streets there, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said

Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

An ingrafted Bill to continue an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering the Payment of the " Creditors of Insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious; and for regulating the Diligence of the Law " by Arrestment and Poinding; and for extending the " Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes, and for limit*

" ing Actions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that " Part of Great Britain called for a further

Time to be limited, wras read the Third Time.

Refo/vcd, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering the Payment of the Creditors " of Insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious;

" and for regulating the Diligence of the Law by Arrestment and Poinding; and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes, and for limiting " Actions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part " of Gr eat Britain called. Scotland."

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Free/.evil/e Ramsden, of PontefraO, in the County of Vork, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read: Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing the Park of Pontc/raS, in the County of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; And setting forth. That the said Park is situate within His Majesty’s Manor of Tanjhclf cum Carle!on-, and the usual Provi-

fions are made, or intended to be made, in the said Bill, for enabling Persons to make Exchanges with the Crown for such of the Lands in the said Manor as are thereby veiled in lbs Majesty; and that the Petitioner holds by Lease, for a long Term of Years, a small Parcel of Land, not exceeding One Acre, lying within the said Manor, the Rent whereof is paid to the Overseers of the Poor of Tanjhlf, for the Use of an Hospi*. tal there; and that it would be of mutual Advantage to the said llospital, and the Petitioner, if Powers yycre given by the said Bill, unto the Overseers of the Poor of.

Tanfhclf for the Time being, to exchange the said small Parcel of Land with the Petitioner for other Land, to be conveyed and settled to the Use of the said Hospital: And therefore praying, That it may be an la-Vol. 37.

▼ , T 7 <

struction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill starids referred, to receive a'Clause, or Clauses, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Proyifioa in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, to whom the Respecting Bill to repeal lb much of an Act, made in the Thir- ,1)C . teenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King of w^oTLc. Charles the Second, as restrains the Removal of Wool and other Articles to certain Times and Hours therein^ mentioned, was committed; That the Committee" had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendy ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read, the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- import

ferred to consider of the Duties now payable upon the Dutiet.

Importation of certain Goods and Commodities into The Isle of Man, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Six Pence per Gallon be laid upon Rum, the Produce of the Plantations, imported from England into the IJleof Man.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of One Penny per Pound Weight be laid upon Tobacco, imported from England into the said Iftandi

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum ad Valorem, be laid upon Hemp, Iron, Deal Boards, and Timber, imported from Foreign Parts into the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Four Pounds per Ton be laid upon French Wines imported into the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Two Pounds per Ton be laid on all other Sorts of Wine, imported into the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties, now’payable upon the Importation of Tea and Coffee from England into the said Island, do ccafe, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Sixpence per Pound Weight be laid upon all Bohea Tea, imported from England into the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight be laid upon all Green Tea, imported from England into the said Island. , .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Four Pence per Pound Weight be Iflid upon all Coflce imported front England into the said Island. - ,; ., *’ .

The said Resolutions being severall/ read a Second ' "vl Time, were, upon the Qucilion fevciali) put thereupon, agreed to by the House. f

10 G Oi dered,

Plymouth, tcc. Dock Yard*,

fouldeft

"Mtfivt.

850

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; And that Mr. Ord and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it'be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they* do make Provision therein, for establishing proper Regulations with respect to the Trade and Revenues of the said Island.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to veil certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness; and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relbived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Sir Charles Cocks took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

17 So:

Sir Charles Cocks reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they Had diiVSed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Milford, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pretented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Sweets Duti«on for Twenty Years last pall, distiriguishing each Year: Swce"‘

And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Stock in Hand Malt, of Malt, on the 8th of February 1760.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts, were read.

The last of the said Accounts is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the other of the said Accounts is as followeth; viz.

I I

Mail.

ftpejf

*Trw

j.to

North Britain. An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Duties on Sweets for Twenty Years last pall, distinguishing each Year; as demanded in the Votes of the honourable the House of Commons, dated 13th April 1780.

Year, ended at Midsummer *

r

1760

1761

1762

1763

1764

1765

1766

1767

1768

1769

*77°

1771

1772

1773

1774

1775

1776

*777

1778

*779

Total - -

3 16

6 6 —

1 16 —

3 6 —

*5 l5 —

12 9

10 16 —

s 8 # —

6 6

65 18 8{

Ex<l

Tho. Lockhart* Gilb. Laurie. T. Wharton.

fames Ramsay, Accomp1 General, fames Bruce, Accomptant.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Fen Lanas, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Foulden, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6.1. 25. After " Year" to insert agreeable " to the Direction of the said " Award."

Pr. 13.1. 7. To leave out " except the said Com-K mon called Hot fieri Is."

Pr- 25-

Papers k respecting rSe Troops m America.

Fee* of Clerk of Assizes of OStford.

id Geo. III. 1P

Pr. 25.I. 17. After "For" to insert " cutting and " taking of Firing, Sedge, and " Ruthes, and for."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Fen Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Wide Lands, within the Parish of Foulden, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Benyon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copies, and Extracts of Letters from the Com* niartders in Chief in North America and Canada, advising of Requisitions made by them for Cash on the Contractors Agents; viz.

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from S;r Howe to

John Robinson, Esquire, dated Philadelphia, 16th 1778: And also,

N® i. Copy of a Letter from Sir William Hozve to John Robinson, Esquire, dated Head Quarters, Phila-

delphia, roth April 1778: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to John Robinson, Esquire, dated New , 28th July 1778: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Sir Clinton to John Robinson, Esquire, dated New York, 3d February 1779: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to John Robinson, Esquire, dated Pkill, 8 th July 1779: And also,

N° 6. Extract of a Letter from General,

dated Camp at Sorel, a8th September 1778, to John Robinson, Esquire: And also,

N° 7. Extra# of a Letter from General Haldimand, dated Quebec, 24th October 1778, to John Esquire: And also,

N° 8. Extra# of a Letter from General Haldimand to John Robnfott, Esquire, dated 7th June 1779, from Quebec: And also,

N° 9. Extra# of a Letter from General Haldimand, to-John Robinson, Esquire, dated Quebec, 24th 1779:

Aftd also,

N° 10. A Book, containing Copies of Lists of Warrants granted by the Commanders in Chief io North America, and transmitted to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, from the ift of 1777 to the 30th of September 1779.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers tad Book.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers and Book are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Price, Clerk of the Afi*ze for the Oxford Circuit, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of Fees, Perquisites, and other Emoluments of Office, claimed, and usually taken, by the Clerk of the Assizes, Associate, Clerk of Arraigns, and Clerk of -the Indi#ments, in the Oxford Circuit.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, '1 hat the said Lift be referred to the Con-fi deration of the Committee, to whom the several Lifts and Accounts of Fees, Perquisites, and other Emoluments of Office, claimed, and usually taken, by the Vol. 37.

Mail 85!

Clerks of Assize, Clerks of the Arraigns, Clerks of the indi#ments, and the Associates, of the several Circuits of England, and by the Clerk of the Arraignments for the City of London, attending at Juflite Hall in the Old Bailey, and the Clerk of the Session of Gaol Delivery of Newgate, for the County of Middlesex, are referred; And that they do examine, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon* to the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the ot her Papers of this Session.

A bill to Explain and amend the several A#s for fe-cUring the Freedom of Parliament* by farther extending the Qualification for Members to fit in the House of Commons, and for rendering the same more effectual, was, according to Order, read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, the zjd Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That at) A#, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for regulating the " Quartering of Soldiers during the Time of the Elcctions of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the- same being read accordingly;

A Motion was m^de, and the Question being put, That Leave be giveti to bring in a Bill for exempting the City of Winch ester out of the Provisions of the said A#, so far as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for a Time to be limited;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, 1 } 39-

T.fc.fi.d.N'C. "

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Pent on and Mr. Lovel Stanhope do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Book, containing a printed Collect tion of Papers that have been published at New York, relating to the Proceedings of His Majesty’s Commissioners there {which was presented to the House upon the 2d Day of December, in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Copy of the u Expose des Motifs de la Conduite du Roi, relativement a I'Angleterreand Trajiilation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Memoire justi- ficatif pour servir d<* reponfe a 1’Expose, &c\ de la " Cour de France and Translation be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Manifesto of the Mo-tiyes which have guided the Catholic King for the Manner of his proceeding with England; and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Copia de la Teal Cedilla publicada cn la Gazeta de Madrid, " N® 51. de 25 dc Junto de 1779;" and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Copia dc la

" Declaration

Extending

Members

Qu-aUfrcatious.

Quartering Soldiers in Hfinchefte* during Elc&ions.

State of the War.

A. 1780*

85a

11

12° M

" Declaracion que el Marques de Almodovar dehe entregar al Mimfterio Britanico a fu defpedida en la " zeta de Madrid, N* 51. publicada cl 25 de Junto de " 1779; " and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Copia de la " Real Cfcdula publicada en la Gazeta de Madrid, " Num. 52. del Maries 29 de de 1779/’ and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Answer transmitted to the Marquis (TAlmodovar, by Lord Viscount mouth July 13th 1779 i and Translation* be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hujfey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hujfey reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the State of the War.

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the

Yeas 5 S‘r 7

1 eas, j sir yohn: 7

Tellers for the Noes, C'?

t Mr. Char tens: j V j

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ir.grofTafj

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, 'jr'

t Mr. ae Grey:

Tellers for the Noes,}

C Air.

1

'iin:

86.

*3-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Augmenting House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Oe Militia. House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, ‘‘An Act for augment ng the " Militia; " and to declare valid and effedua! the Swearing in, and Inrolment of, Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, in Cafes where all the Provisions of tho

several Acts now in being relative thereto h ive not been observed; and to indemnify Deputy Lieutenants. Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace, for their Pro-. . ujij, Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report ceedings therein respectively t

Duties on ’ from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the , That it be an lnftrudion to the said Corn-

Malt, itc. Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon mittee, That they hate Power to make P.'ovi‘iyn In the Malt, and upon Low Wines and Spirits made for Home said Bill, to declare valid and effectual the Commissions Consumntion, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into granted by Deputy Lieutenants, in the Absence of the Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said several Lieutenant of any County out of the Kingdom, to Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken Officers commanding Volunteer Companies; and to out by all Persons trading in, vending, or felling of, indemnify Deputy Lieutenants and Officers, who have Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate, was committed. granted or acted under such Commissions; and to en-

Sir Grey Chper accordingly reported from the said large the Powers of Deputy Lieutenants in certain Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had Cafes.

} 4«

17-

made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House, and he read the Report in his Place.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Report be brought up;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for

rp „ rxt,) Sir James

Tellers for the Noes, J UCp: '

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to ascertain the Duty to be paid on Malt made of Bigg, grown in the several Counties of England and Wales.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tollers for tho Y { .

Tellers for

So it passed in the Negative.

J 22.

} 69-

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hujfey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hujfey reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they hid directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant May.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morninsr, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 1 2* die \

Anno 20° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

A BILL for dividing and inclosing certain Moers, Grewtlt’norp Commons, or Waste Ground*, in the Manor or Inclosure.

Township of Grewelthorp, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Goodricke, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s for making a larger Allowance to the Common Brewers Chamber.

of Ale, at Burton upon Trent.

And the Question being p*t. That the said Clause be brought up i

Sir John, Goodricke reported from the Committee, to whom the , Bill* for dividing the Park of Pontefract

20

in

the

PontcfraJ

Inclosure.

Stratton

Audley,

&c IflcJofure,

Regulating the Removal , of WooU&C.

Gloucester Market and Streets, fcc.

Lord

Walpole’s and Mr. Coke’s Exchange.

20 Geo. III. 12°

the County of York; and for other Purposes therein-mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition, of FcecheviHe Ramsden, of RontefraB, in the County of

York, Inquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had conhdtred the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties confcerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tdble: Where the Amendments were Once read throughoyt; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quefbort severally put thereupon* ivere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open 4nd Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Cither Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Parishes of in the County of Oxford, and in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Bcfolved, That the Bill do pass: And that; the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open, and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Parishes of Audley, in

the County of Oxford, and C in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilmot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill to repeal so much of an Act:, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as restrains the Removal of Wool and other Articles to certain Times and Hours therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as refirains the Removal of Wool and other Articles to certain Times and Hours therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for providing and estabiithing a Market, for erecting a New Gaol and House of Correction, and for removing certain Gateways, in the City of;

and for amending the several Acts passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the Streets there, was re-committed; Tuat the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Sir Edward AJlley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing ah Exchange agreed to be made between the Right honourable Horatio Lord Walpole and Thomas William , Esquire, of VoL. 37.

Man. 853

divers Lands in the County of Norfolk, comprized ini the Marriage Settlement of the said Horatio Lord Walpole, and devised by the Will of Thomas Earl of deceased; and for settling the Lands given in Exchange to each Party, to such and the lame. Uses as the Lands for which the same are exchanged stood settled and limited, was committed; That the C ommittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass. i , Ordered, That Sir Edward AJlley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame,' without any Amendment.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the other Tallow-Chandlers in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Part? adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within The Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be im-pbrted into Great Britain or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are greatly alarmed at perceiving an Objection made to the said Bill extending to the Importation of Cotton Wool; for that the Wicks of Wax, Spermaceti, and Tallow Candles, are, and can only be, made of Cotton Yarn spurt from Cotton Wool, the Growth of the Places within the above Seas, commonly called Turkey Cotton, and no Cotton Wool of the Growth of the West India Islands can be used in making Wicks for Candles; and that there is annually consumed in this Kingdom, in making Tallow Candles only, above Five hundred thousand Pounds Weight of Turkey Cotton Wool and Yarn, and large Quantit.es arc also used in making Wax and Spermaceti Candles, and for Lamps; and that the Duty paid upon Tallow Candles is about Two hundred thousand Pounds a Year, and great Numbers of Persons are employed in this Country in (pinning Turkey Cotton Wool into Yarn, in order to make Candles, and for Lamps; and that Tin key Cotton is lately advanced to a very great Price, and there is none now at Market j; and that unless Turkey Cotton Wool can be imported, and sold at a reasonable Rate, the Price of Candles must be greatly increased, the Revenue materially injured, the Spihriers of Cotton unemployed, and the Tallow-Chandlers Trade very much diitrefied: And therefore praying the House tb take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet; and that they may be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, in Support of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Corisideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of James Martin, Robert Burton, David Burton Fowler, and George Stone, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by. Indenture, bearing Date the 28th Day of 1774,

and made between Roger G, of Bishop Burton, otherwise South Burton, in the County of York, Esquire, of the First Part, William Walls, of the same Place, Gentleman, a Trustee for the said Roger Gee, of the Second Part, and Three of the Petitioners, the said Martin, Robert Burton, and David Burton Fowler,

John Ar but knot, Esquire, therein named, of the Third Part; the Manor of Cherry Burton, in the said County of York, and divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Cherry Burton aforesaid, the Estate

10 H and

Goods; imported from the Levant*

Gee’s

Eftacci*

Importation

of

Foreign

Lace.

Boilings

onyrlet

Hwu»e.

8 54

Mail

A. 1780,

and Inheritance of the said Roger Gee, were granted and demised to the Parties to the said Indenture of the Third Part, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for a Term of One thousand Years, for securing to them the Payment of the Sum of £. 3,600, with Interest, after the Hate and at the Time therein mentioned; and that there is a Covenant contained in the same Indenture, whereby the said Roger Gee did, for himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, promise and agree with the Parties to the said Indenture of the Third Part, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to pay the said Sum of £3,600, and Interest, accordingly; and

" of Somerset House; for enabling the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasurv to sell and dispose of Ely House in Ho/born and for applying the " ?»Ioney to arise by Sale thereof, together with other " Monies, in erecting and establishing Public Olficcs in SomersetHouse-, and for embanking certain Parts

" of the River Thames, lying within the Bounds of " the Manor of the Savoy; and for other Purposes " therein mentioned;" as enables the CommilTtoners of His Majesty’s Treasury to apply the Sums necessary for the completing the Buildings at Somerset House out of the Aids granted for Naval Services, or out of any

that the said principal Sum of £. 3,600 is now due to of the Revenues arising from the Receipt of the fcvc-the Petitioners, the said John Arbuthnot having released ral Offices to be erected and established by virtue of his Interest in the said mortgaged Premisses, l’oas to veil ' r~''J r

the lame, and the said principal Sum secured thereout, in the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for veiling the Real Estates late of Roger Gee, of Bishop Burton, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to raise Money, by Sale or Mortgage thereof, for discharging Incumbrances thereon, and the Debts and Legacies of the said Roger Gee, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: to which Bill there is a Schedule annexed, containing an Account of the Debts owing by the late Roger Gee, Esquire, at the Time of his Decease, yet remaining unsatisfied out of his Estate or Effects, as nearly as the same can be ascertained; and that, although the Debt so due from the said Roger Gee to the Petitioners is a Specialty Debt, yet it is not inserted in such Schedule of Debts, notwithstanding the Executrix of the said Roger Gee had Notice thereof: And therefore praying,

the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Cocks, according to Order, reported from Plymouth the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bijl 4c. to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and ^ock^anis< Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness; and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravefeud and Tilbury Fort, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had direclod him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon That, before the said Bill shall pals into a Law, the* said the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to Sum of £. 3,600, so due and owing to them as afore- by the House.

laid, and which, by reason of the Covenant in the said . Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Indenture contained, is a Lien and Charge upon the ingrossed.

Real Estates of the said Roger Gee, may be inserted in

Rich Schedule, in such Order and Manner as the House Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second exc|uj;„j shall think fit: or that the Petitioners may have such Reading of the Bill for the better securing the Free- certain

other Remedy in the Premises as the Nature of their dom of Parliament, by excluding certain Placemen Placemen

~ ..... from fitting in the House of Commons, be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Scvennight, the 24th Day of this In-

stant May.

Cafe will admit of.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Real Estates late of Ro^er Gee, of Burton, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to raise Jyloney, by Sale or Mortgage thereof, for discharging Ipcumbj-ances thereon, and the Debts and Legacies of the said Roger Gee; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provisiorrin the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

from fining in Parliantt

Mr. Lovel Stanhope presented to the House, accord- Q,nrTfri(,? ing to Order, a Bill for exempting the City of IVin- soldiers in

chester out of the Provisions of an Act, made in the Wincheta

— during

Elections.

Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for regulating " the Quartering Soldiers during the Time of the ElcdVions of Members to serve in Parliament," so far Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for more effectually preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, by impoling an Oath they iiad come to several Resolutions; which they had to be taken by any Candidate at such Election, be now directed him to report, when the House will please to read.

to resolve it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Foreign Bone Thread Lace, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

- The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

- Mr; Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Parker took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr* Parker reported from the Committee, That

Eleflicnj;

preventing

Erifierv,

receivethe feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Sevennighr, the 23d Day of this Inllant

- Mr. Brett presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

,f An Act for settling Buckingham House, with the Ap-\ purtenances, - upon the Queen, in case She shall " lurvive His Majesty, in lieu of His Majesty’s Palace

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for tire Yeas, j } t4.

Tellers for the Noes, } 2*

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered,

uj>ply B»JIf Duties a Malt, Scc.

Adjournmcut.

Importation

of

West India T obacco.

Elections;

preventing

Bribery,

Account; Savings on the Ha;t Pay Lift.

20 Geo. III. 12*

Ordered, That the said Bill be r£ad a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

A Motion was made, and the -Question being proposed, That the ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into , and

upon the Produce of the said several Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, vending,'Or felling of, Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate, be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Thursday Morning next," and inserting the Words " Monday Sevennight " instead thereof. -

And the Question being put, That the Words "

" day Morning next " stand Part of the Question; ,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,j } 3<-

Tellers for the Noes, { £J|- } *4-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, ,at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Sevennig:it;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Monday Seven-' " night " and inserting the Words " Thursday Morning next " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Monday Sevennight" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words Thursday Morning next" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day', adjourn till Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, to consider of allowing Tobacco from His Majesty’s West India Islands to be imported, under certain Rest rift ions.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the " Elections of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And. the same being read accordingly;

-A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act as imposes an Oath to be taken by the' Electors at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

; Telle., for the Ye*. } 2I'

Tellers for the Noes, j . } 3«-

So it passed in tire Negative.

Ordered, That there be' laid before' this House, an Account of the Savings out of the Money voted on the Half Pay Lift. - ‘ - *

Vol. 37,

Mail 8$$

Ordered That the Order of the £)ay, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st December 1779, be referred to l he laid Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been ifl’ued by His Majesty’s Orders, pur-luant to the Addresses of this House, and which have ' not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.;

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid to' Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by

Parliament, be referred to the said Committee. - .

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Additional Companies and Additional to the Embodied, Militia in South Britain, including Clothing, for the Year t;8o, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the . New Levies, from the respective Times within mentioned to the 24th December 17 79, inclusive; together with an Account of certain Sums already voted for these Corps, which may how be applied in Aid of the said Charge, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker loft the Chain

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mn Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they bad come so several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upCin Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit aj*ain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Grols and Nett Produce of the Customs, from the 5th of January 1 777 to the 5th of January 1780; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution -, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered,

Supply;

Account; Produce of the Customs.

Wcys and Means*

Commit*

fionere

of

Public

Accounts.

Goods imported from the Levant;

Halifax, &c. Small Debts.

856 13° — )

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to rei'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and Hate, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service; and what Defects there ire in the preterit Mode of receiving, collecting, itilling, and accounting for, Public Money; and in what piore expeditious and effectual, and less expensive. Manner the said Services can in future be regulated, and carried on for the Benefit of the Public, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn*

ing next, resolve itself irito the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of tertain Places within The Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or in or

Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Newhaven took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Newhaven reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, in Behalf of the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into The Levant Seas; and also of the Petition of the Merchants, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, ori: Behalf of rheml'elves and others, trading to the Places arid Countries within The Mediterranean; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursi-day Morning next.

A Petition of the Right honourable Richard Caven-

dish, commonly called Lord Richard Cavendish, and the Right honourable George Henry , commonly called Lord. George Henry Cavendish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax and Bradford, and other Parishes and Places in the West Riding of the County of York-, and that the Petitioners are foiled of the Manor of , in the

laid Riding, and within the District included in the said Bill; and that, within the Court Baron of the said Manor, Plea hath, itnmemorially, been held every Three Weeks, or lb often as requisite, in all Personal Actions arising within the said Manor, when the Debts and Damages have been under the Sum of Forty Shillings; and that the extending of the Jurisdiction of the said Court to hold Plea for Debt or Damages within the said Manor, not exceeding Five Pounds, would be a great Advantage to all Persons living or trading within the same: And therefore praying. That Provision for that Purpose may be made in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the more cafv and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kigh/ey, Bingley, Guifely, Cdverley, Batley, Birft Mirfield, Hartishead

atm C/iftcn, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, and

Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for

80 Mail. A. 1780.

granting other Powers for those Purposts, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gf.d Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider find further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

yovis4 18° die Maii;

Annb 20* Georgii III*1* Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Forces, Officers in- eluded, employed in North America during that Period an7p;p« of the last War when General now Lord Am- rtiatin/M

herjl, was Commander in Chief there; lb far as the same the For« can be made up at the War Office: And also, ® AmwiCi

A Lift of the Commissaries employed in North America, with an Account of their Pay, during that Period of the last War when General AmherJI, now Lord Amber Jl, was Commander in Chief there: And a!lo,

A Lift of the Quarters of the Troops in America, "December 18th 1758: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Garrisons and Winter Quarters of His Majesty’s Forces in North America, commanded by his Excellency Major General;

" New York, 15th December 1759 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Disposition of His Majesty’s " Troops in North America; Quebec, 4th October " 1760."

And the Titles of the said Account, Lifts, and Papers, were read.

Ordered, That the said Account, Lifts, and Papers, do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by Members of the House.

The said Account, Lifts, and Papers, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the . Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, n

intituled, "An Act for settling Buckingham House, with Snmerfet " the Appurtenances, upon the Queen, in case Shelhall " survive His Majesty, in lieu of His Majesty’s Palace " of Somerfiet House; for enabling the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to sell and dispose of Ely HouJ'e in Holborn, and for applying the Money " to arile by Sale thereof, together with other Monies,

" in erecting and establishing Public Offices in Somerfiet " House; and for embanking certain Parts of the River " Thames, lying within the Bounds of the Manor of " the Savoy; and for other Purposes therein mentioned ;" as enables the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to apply the Sums necessary for the completing the Buildings at Somerfiet House out of the Aids granted for Naval Services, or out of any of the Revenues arising from the Receipt of the several Offices to be e ref ted and established by virtue of the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

20 Geo. III. 18° Mali.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Gee's Mr. Hartley reported from the Committee, to whoixl Estates. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Beal Estates late of Roger Gee, of Shop Burton, in the County of Esquire, deceasedj in Trustees, to raise Money, by Sale or Mortgage thereof, for discharging Incumbrances thereon, and the Debts and Legacies of the said Roger j and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed j and to whom the Petition of James Martin, Robert Burton, David Burton Fowler, and George Stone, Esquires, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given ,their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where tire Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 33. 1. 10. After " thereof" insert Clause (A) Clause (A) " And whereas the said Roger Gee

" in his Life Time, by Indenture " of Dernife, bearing Date the " Twenty-eighth Day of " One thousand Seven

" hundred and Seventy-four, did " mortgage the Manor of Cherry Burton, in the said County " of York, and divers Messuages,

" Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying and being in " Cherry Burton aforesaid, for ufccuring the Sum of 3,600,

" with Interest for the same; " and in that Mortgage the said " Roger G:e entered into a Covenant for Payment thereof, " and the same is now due and " payable, to James Martin, " Robert Burton, and David Burton Foivler, Esquires, in the " said Indenture named, and to " George Stone of Lane,

" London, Esquire; but although " the said Manor, Hereditaments, and PremifTes, were " afterwards fold off and conveyed by the said Roger " subject to the said Mortgage, " and arc not comprized in " this Act, yet the said Covenant is Bill in Force, and as " such is a Lien upon the Real " and Personal Estates of the " said Roger Gee-, Therefore, it " is hereby Provided, Enacted, " and Declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That notwithstanding the Omission in the " Schedule hereunto annexed, " of the said Sum of 3,600, " as a Debt due and owing to " the said James Marlin, Robert " Burton, David Burton " and George Stone, as aforesaid, " nothing in this Act or in the " said Schedule contained, shall

Voi> 37*

u extend^ or be construed to extend, to prevent or hinder the " laid James Martin, Robert " Burton, David Burton Fowler,

" and George Stone, or any of " them, their or any of their " Executors, Administrators, or " Assigns, from bringing any " Action or Actions, upon the " laid Covenant in the fair!

" Mortgage contained, for Pay4 " ment of the said Principal Money and Interest, by or out of " the Personal Estate late of the " laid Roger Gee, nor from recovering or receiving the said Sum of £. 3,600 and Intercil,

" or any Part thereof, by or " out of the Money to arise or " be received under the Trlifts " of this Act by virtue of l'uch " Covenant, or any A Alignment " thereof, in such Manner as '* the same might have been re*

" covered or received by or out " of the Real and Personal a Estates of the said Roger " Gee, charged by his said Will " with the Payment of his tXDebts, or any Money arising " or to arise therefrom, nor to " give any further or other " Right to recover, receive, or v< authorize the Payment of the " said Sum of £ 3,600 and ln« " terest, or any Part thereof, by " or out of the Premiflls com-r‘ prized in this Act, or the *' Personal Estate or Effects,

" late of the said Roger Gee, or any Money arising or to arise x‘ therefrom respectively, than lawfully might have been had,

" taken, or pursued, if this Act " had not been made; and that <x the Person or Persons paying " the same Principal Sum of " £. 3,600 and Interest, or any Part thereof, by or out of the " Estate or Effects of the said " Roger Gee, or by Or out of any " Money arising or to arilC " therefrom respectively, shall " have and be entitled to such " and the same Remedies and " Powers for recovering again " the Payment of the said Sum " ofjf. 3,600 and Interest, or lb x‘ much thereof as shall be by " him, her, or them so paid, and " the Costs and Charges attending the same by or out of the Hereditaments mortgaged for " securing the Payment thereof,

" or by or from the Owner Or " Owmers of the same Hereditaments as could or might have " been had taken or decreed to " or in Favour of any Person x- or Persons whomsoever, in case " of the Payment or Recovery thereof, under or by virtue of " the said Covenant, or any " Assignment thereof, if this " Act had not been made; any Thing herein, or in the said 10 I " Schedule,

858 18° Mali. A. 1780

" Schedule, contained to the " contrary notwithstanding."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question being put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Plymouth, An ingrossed Bill to veil certain Messuages, Lands, *c. Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the Dockyard*, better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth and; and for better de-

fending the Passage of the River Thames at and Tilbury Fort, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness', and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at and Tilbury

Fort.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Sutton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord^ An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ElUtol for veiling certain Messuages in the City of London, Part of the Estates late of Charles Lord Viscount Irwin, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Herbert Mackworth, the Lord Beauchamp, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Halifax, A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there-un‘ k unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; m* c M* Setting forth, That a Bill is depending, for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of Halifax, and Thirteen other adjoining Parishes, and for establishing another Court for the same Purposes, but under very different Orders and Regulations; which will, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, tend to deprive the Country of the Salutary Effects experienced under the said Act, and be a Means of promoting much Confusion and Disturbance, and that the Petitioners have not received such Redrels in the Committee to whom the said Bill was referred as they hoped for: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the Report upon the said Bill at the Bar of the House, or in such other Manner as to the House shall seem meet; and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guife/ey, Calverley, Bat ley, Birjlall,

field, Hartishead cum , Almondbury,

Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Li-

berty of Tong,4 in the West Riding of the County of York, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, in support of their said Petition.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question by leaving out the Words " and that the Petioners be then heard, by their Counsel, in Support " of their said Petition."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed be left out. Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, lb amended, being put;

*9

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bui to repeal so much of nn A cr y made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes cf Halifax,

Kighley, Bingley, C wifely, Calverley, Batley,

Mirfiehl, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for granting other Powers for thofo Purposes, is committed.

Mr. Spencer Stanhope reported from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, and to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and Farmers, residing within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, ley, Calverley, Batley, Birfall, Hartishead cum

Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty ot Tong, in the West Riding of the County of whose Names are thereto subscribed j and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, Land-owners, and others, Inhabitants of Half ax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, and other Parishes and Places within the West Riding of the County of , and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers. Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, ley, Calverly, Batley, Birjlall, Hartishead cum

Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty ot in the

West Riding of the County of York, whole Lames are thereto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Half ax, Bradford, and other Parishes and Places within the County of York; and also the Petition of the Right h nourable Richard Cavendish, commonly called Lord Richard Ca-

vtndish, and the Right honourable George Henry dish, commonly called Lord George Henry Cavendish, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the Four full-mentioned Petitions, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had considered the said last mentioned Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. de Grey presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° 1. A11 Account of the Annual Appointments of the Principal Secretary of State for the Department of the Colonies: And also,

N® a. An Account of the Annual Allowances from His Majesty to the Two Under Secretaries of State in the Department of the Colonies which commenced in January 1770: And also,

N° 3. An Account of Patent Offices granted to the Under Secretaries of State for the Department of the Colonies: And also,

N" 4 An Account of Fees received in the Secretary of State’s Office for the Department of the Colonies, between the a 1 ft January 1768 and the 5th January 1780; together with the Distribution of them; distinguishing each Year: Aid also,

N® 3.

Coloni-l

Secrewry

of St»ie *

co Geo. ML

i8’ Man.

859

Account;

Arvr.wg

Transpons,

&c.

Illt of Man Import Duties.

N* $ An Account of Monies received at the Exchequer by John Pc :vr:r./l, Esquire, in pur! nance of letters written by the Secretary of State for the Department of the Colonies to the Lords C.'ommissioners of the Tresury, and the Expenditure thereof for His Majesty’s Service: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Monies received by Mr. William Pollock, at the Trcakirer of the Chamber’s Office or at the Exchequer in pursuance of Letters written at sundry Times to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and the Expenditure thereof for His Majesty’s Service, by the Direction of the Secretary of State (or the Department of the Colonies between the 21st ’January 1763 and 5th January 1780; disttnguish-itig each Year: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Bills for Stationary, delivered into the Secretary of State’s Office for the Department of the Colonies between the 21st January 1768 and 5th January 17805 distinguishing each Year: And

also,

N° 8. An Account of the Messengers Bills allowed by the Secretary of State for the Department of the Colonies between the 21st January 1768 and the ill January 1780; distinguishing each Year.

Together with a List of the la;d Accounts.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities and Species of the Guns, Gun Carriages, Gunpowder, Shot, and Small Arms, purchased for arming Transports employed under the Direction of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of tin* House.

The said Account is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon certain Goods imported into cj Man, and for better regulating the Trade, and securing the Revenues, of the said I Hand: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1rt' ]i .* .1 \ I ,*!;. t 01.c-icy,

lends ior ti.e \cas, j M;.

T n r.f x- S Mr. Hartley,

Tellers for tee Noes, > Mf LmrtU.

24.

Quarrerirg Soldiers in Winchellrr during Elections.

A Bill for exempting the City of out of the Provisions of an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second

intituled, "An Act for Regulating the Quartering of " Soldiers during the Time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament," so lar as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to lerve in Parliament, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for exempting the Town of Shrewsbury out of the Provisions of the said Act of the Eighth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

VOL. 37,

So it was resolved in the Alfirmative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for holding the next, or any future Election of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Southampton, at some Place out of the said City of IVincluJlerforaTime to be limited.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Powet to make Provision in the said Bill, for removing the next, or any future, Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City of Winckefler, and holding the same at some Place out of the said City, for a Time to be limited.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for removing the next, or any future, Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town of Shrewsbury, and holding the same at some Place out of the said Town, for a Time to be limited.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the State of the Health of the Prisoners now confined in the King’s House at and to re-

port the fame, with their Opinion thereupon* to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Dmpfter, Mr. Secretary at War, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the llesolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read and are as followerh;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds be granted lo His Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That the Sum of Fifteen thousand Seven hundred Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to make good" to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued, b/ His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fourteen thousand Three hundred and Forty-eight Pounds Two Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orel eis to Mr. Duncan Campbell, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River Thames.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Seven hundred and Twelve Pounds Nine Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for detraying the Charge of Additional Companies and Additionals to the Embodied Militia in South , including Cloth-

ing, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency on the Pay of Additional Companies and Additionals to the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Health of Prisoners at

Wincheflm

Supply;

Ways and Means.

Duke of An*' ft r*t and Kefte' tn’s imitates.

860

18 0 M.

A. 1780,

Resolved, That It is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-thousand Two hundred Ninety-six Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Mojofty, for defraying the Ch arge of the new Levies, from the Commencement of their respective Establishments to the Twenty-fourth Day ot December One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House swhich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as foiioweth;

Rejo/vcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the JF'irft Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with 1 nterest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day cf April .1781, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Refutation: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, the Lord Westcote, the Lord Palmerston, Mr. Attorney General, Mr Solicitor

General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Whitworthreported from the Committee, to whom theingrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of Part of the Estates, settled by tl.e Will of the Most Noble Robert late Duke of AnU’jLr and Kesteven, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for paving oft' Debts and Incumbrances affecting the said Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read, and are as foiioweth viz.

Pr. 45. 1. 27.Leave out " Nine" and insert Ten ;" and leave out from " Pounds" to " rtiould" in 1. 28.

1. tilt.After " Plundred" insert " Eighteen and leave out " Six" and insert " Eight."

Pr. 46. 1. 1. Leave out " and Eight Pence."

Pr. 48 1. 7. Leave out " Mills" and insert

" Mill."

Pr. 49. 1. 7. Leave out " Mills" and insert

" Mill."

1. 18. After " now" insert " or late."

1. 23. Leave out " James " and in-

fert " S Jones."

L 25. After " Farms" insert " Mill."

Pr. 51- 1. Lv After " Cotta ges" :nfcrt " Mi ills."

1. 3i* Leave out Mills" and insert

4; Mill."

Pr. 54* 1. 1. Leave out " Mills’* and insert

Mill."

Pr. S3- 1. 32- Leave out c< Two" and insert

4 S Three."

Pr. 5.v I. 3°- After " Cotta ges" insert Mil is"*

Pr. b6. 1. 9> Leave out " Brownlow, Duke of

I.26.) Leave out " Duke of

A > " Ancaster and

*7-)

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question lever ally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom V/hitr.'r-tca the Bill for ascertaining the Boundaries between the :*na. Manors of Whittington and OjxeJlry, in the County of

Salop, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and founcl the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, \vest inHij to consider of allowing Tobacco from His Majesty’s Tobuo. West India Islands to be imported under certain Reitric-tions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. D.mpfter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rdcimed the Chai*.

Mr. Dempjierreported from the Committee, That

they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Regulation ot His Majesty’s Civil Establishments, and of certain Public Oliices; for the Limitation of Pensions, and the Suppression of lundry ulcless expensive, and inconvenient Places; and for applying the Monies saved thereby, to the Public Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fixes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ekves reported from the Committee, That they had made further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said BilL

Rrni!*!’ Ol Jill 'icin'* Ciul

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Siof1, Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty

ao Geo III. 18° — 19* Mail. 861

Coplcv

Estates*

Radnor

Wriu

Adjournment.

Offices and

Employments.

jesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said leveraJ Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons trading in, vending, or foiling of Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock;

An Amendment was propol'ed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tomorrow, at " Twelve of the Clock," and inserting the Words " on " ftlonday next" inllcad thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock," stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put, That the said Bill be read the Third Tune Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

ry* m r 1 v, f^r. Benton,

Telia, for the Y«s,}Mr

3'-

Tellers for the Noes ^Sir P Jennings i 1 euers for Uk .\oes, . ^N..ne.

And it appearing upon the Report of the Division, by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, (without a Question first put) till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vznerisy 190 Mali >

Anno 20* Georgii IIIt!i Regis, 1780. Prayers.

MR. Lafcellesreported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates of Thomas Copies, Esquire, in Tru flees, fora Term of One thousand Years, in Trull, to raile, by Way of Mortgage thereof, a Sum of Money, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s 'Fable.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved.That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electring of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Radnor, in tiae room of Thomas Jo hues, Senior, Esquire, deceased.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify, such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnity Vol. 37.

Justices of the Peace, cr others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be {lamped according to Law, or having been stumped have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And that Mr. Ord and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dempster, according to Order, reported from the Commit! ee of the whole House, to whom it was refetred to consider of allowing Tobacco from His Majesty’s West India I Hands to he imported, under certain Restrictions, the Resolutions, which. the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Rcjo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Tobacco, imported not directly from the Place of its Growth or Produce, be admitted to Entry in this Kingdom, under certain Restrictions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Penny per Pound Weight be laid upon all Tobacco, of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America or The West Indies, imported into this Kingdom from any Island or Place from whence the same may be lawfully imported, not being the Island or Place of the Growth or Produce of such Tobacco; and that the said additional Duty be liable to the additional Impost or Duty of ft. 5 per Centum, laid by an Act; of the last Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Dempster, the Lord Beauchamp, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Pennant, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moted, That the Entries in the Votes of the House, of the 8th and nth Days of February last, of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of York-, and also of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of Lon don, in Common Council assembled, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entries in the Votes of the House, of the 6th Day of April last, of the Resolutions, " That it is necessary to declare, that the " Influence of the Crown has increased, is increasing, " and ought to be diminilhedand also, " That it is " the Duty of this House, to provide, as far as may be, " an immediate and effectual Redrds of the Abuses " complained of in the Petitions presented to this " House Irom the different Counties, Cities, and " Towns, of this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it is the Opinion of this House, that no new Burthen ought to be laid upon the People until fonie effectual Measures shall have been taken to di mi nil'll the increased and increasing Influence of the Crown, and to

10 K provide

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills.

Importation

of

West India Tobacco.

Motion for

Redrefsot

Grievances.

862

i 90 Mail.

A. 1780.

provide a Reckefs of the Abuses complained of in the Petitions from the different Counties, Cities, and Towns, in this Kingdom;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

=rSfor, hcYCas,}^:"'ofWM>|

} 89.

So it passed in the Negative.

Supply Bill; A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-Poues on p0fecj> That the ingrufled Bill for granting to His Ma-8 c‘ jesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great , and upon

the Produce of the said several Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, vending, or felling of Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate, be now read the Third Time;

The House was moved. That His Majesty’s Most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of November last, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Scamen, and for the better and speedier Manning Her Majesty’s Fleet," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, inlituied, " An Act for the " Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal " Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the " punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their " Wages, and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the fame, for the Support of their Wives and " Families; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses " attending such Payments," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Amendments Allowing were proposed to be made to the Question;

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Fortnight."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" (land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ? The Lord

’ \ bir Grey Cooper:

Tellers for the Noes,|Hl‘

\ JVI r. Dempster:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Eiil was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, that Buyers of Malt, not delivered before the 3iff of i! lay 1780, Hull pay the Duty on any Confraft for Sale or Delivery of Malt.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 2. To leave out " or to any Cent raft for " Sa'e or Delivery of Malt."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at t lie Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 7. 1. 9. by leaving out the Words " Ten " Pence," and inserting the Words " One Shilling and " Four Pence " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words "Ten " Pence " stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 7. 1. 20. by leaving out the Words " Six " Pence," and inserting the Words Ten Pence" in-ftcad thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Six " Pence" stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J } . 06.

Tellers for the Noes, "Summond: }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 7. 1. 28. by leaving out the Words " Three " Pence," and inserting the Words " Six Pence" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Three Pence " stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 8. 1. 3. by leaving out the Word " paid," and inserting the Word ‘^charged" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word "paid" stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.ftf' > I0J.

Teners for, heNoes,}^". } a.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 8. 1. j. by inserting after the Word " paid ’’ the Words " when the Brewer shall pay his Duties upon " Beer and Ale brewed after the 30th Day of 1780, " at every Payment so made respectively; thcFirftPayment of Allowances not being made until the 30th " Day of September next, when the Arrears of all such " Allowances shall also be paid up." ,

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdlers for,h=Y„s,]^^-W. J

Tellers for.heNrscs.}^"^" } 59-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said several Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, vending, or felling of, Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of and also the several other Petitions referred to the Consider-ation of the said Committee;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered,

Expenditure

of

Public

Money.

Call of the House.

Supply,

Commissioners of

Public

Atcountf.

Goods imported from the Levant.

Ways and Means.

Plymouth

Writ.

20 Geo. III. 190 — 22° Mail 863

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to T

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to , 22 QIC lvlCltl\

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Li it of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Grd took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will p'case to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and Hate, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands ol Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service} and what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, ilfuing, and accounting for. Public Money, and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive. Manner the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within The Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in Britishor Foreign Vessels, from any Place whutloever, for a Time to be limited, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

- O

Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House wall, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Cicrk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, in the Room of Sir Charles Hardy, Knight, de-cealed.

And then the I foule adjourned till Monday Morning ncxr, Ten of the Clock.

VOL. 37.

Anno 200 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1780. Prayers.

QR DER ED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex, in the room of the honourable Richard Savage Nassau, deceased.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Jail Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to " be taken out by all Persons letting Horles to hire for " travelling in the Manner therein mentioned, and certain Duties on all Horses let to hire for the Purposes " of travelling Poll, and by Time, and upon certain " Carriages therein mentioned."

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Sendee of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon certain Goods imported into The Isle of Man; and for better regulating the Trade, and securing the Revenues, of the said Island, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whoie House,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, icl'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingressed Bill for providing and establishing a-Market, for erecting a new Gaol and House of Correction, and for removing certain Gateways, in the City of Gloucester; and for amending the several Acts passed

for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the Streets there, was read the Thitd Time.

Resolved , That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for crcCting a New Gaol and House of Correction, and for removing certain Gateways, in the City of Gloucesterj and for amending the several Acts passed

for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the Streets there.

Ordered, That Mr. Banow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Real Estates late of Reger Gee, of Bishop Burton, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to raise Money, by Sale or Mortgage thereof, for discharging Incumbrances thereon, and the Debts and Legacies of the said Roger Gee-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved,

Malden

Writ.

Putin on Polling.

Supply Bill 1 Exchequer Bilb.

Isle of Man Import Duties.

Gloucester

Market

and

Streets,

Gee’s

Estate.

Doke of Ancaster and Kcftevcn's Elites.

Wclbouru

inclosure.

Archbishop

of

Canterbury's Palace at Croydon.

Warrant permitting certain Ships to fail to New York.

Accounts of the Customs of Scotland.

2i° M.

A1 1780.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do

pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Winchcomb Hartley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of Part of the Estates, settled by the Will of the Most Noble Robert late Duke of Ancajlerand Rest even, deceased, in Trustees,

to be loid, for paving off Debts and Incumbrances affecting the said Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr-Bickne/l:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Heath Lands, called The South Heaths and The North Heath, in the Parish of Wclbourn cum Sapper ton, in the County of without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have puffed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the Capital Messuage, with the Appurtenances, at Croydon, in the County of Surrey, known by the Name of The Palace of the of Canter-

bury, and Two Clofcs near thereto adpining, in Trull, to sell the same; and for disposing of and applying the Money to arile thereby, and received on Account of the Dilapidations thereof, and other Money, in the Manner, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-lented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Copy of the Warrant of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, permitting Ships laden with Provisions, (Be. to be cleared out for New; dated the 18th of April 1780: And alf>,

N° 1. An Account of the Gross and Nett Receipt of the Customs in Scotland, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1778; with a State of such Fees and Perquisites as attend the passing and auditing the fame: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Grols and Nett Receipt of the Duties on Salt in Scotland, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1778; with a State of such Fees and Perquisites as attend the passing and auditing the fame: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Gross and Nett Receipt of Fines and Forfeitures, under the Management of she Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1778; with a State of the Fees and Perquisites that attend the passing and auditing the fame: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Salaries, Fees, and Perquisites, received by the several Officers of the Customs and Salt Duties in Scotland, respectively; as also the Fees usually paid on Appointment to Officers, for the »7

Year ended at Michaelmas 1778, signed by the Officers who claimed or received such Fees or Perquisites; specifying the Names of the Persons for whose Benefit they were received, and explaining the Nature of the Service or Duty performed in each and every Office.

Together with a Schedule of the said Accounts.

And the Title of the said Copy, and the said Schedule, were read.

Ordered, That the said Copy and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy and Accounts arc preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Office of the Pay mailer General of His Majesty’s Forces, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " A Return to an Order of the Saving*

" honourable the House of Commons, dated the 12th omhe " of May 1780; containing, an Account of the Savings Half Pay " ascertained by Death and Promotion (between the " 25th of December 1778 and the 24th of December

1779) of the Half Pay of Reduced Officers of the " Army, for the Year 1779, and the several preceding " Years therein specified, but which did nor come to " the Knowledge of the Pay Office till within the " Times above mentioned; with an Application of a " Part of the said Savings.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingossed Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made Halifax in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s fteign, &c. ’ as relates to the more caiy and speedy Recovery of Small Small Delia. Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford,

Bingley, Gufefey, Calverley, Bailey, Bifia/l,

Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirk-

burton, and Huddersfield, and the Lord ship or Liberty of Tom*, in the West Riding of the County of York-, and

o' O 7

for granting other Powers for those Purposes, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 14. After " York," to insert " or any " Clerk of the said Court."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford,

Kighlev, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Birftall,

Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, or Huddersfield, and the Lord 111 ip or Liberty of Tong, in the West; Riding of the County of York, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes; and for extending the jurisdicttion of the Court Baron of the Manor of Kighley, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Spencer Stanhope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the shenningtn* Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, inc|0fgre. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of Shennington, io the County of Gloucester.

And

ao Geo. III. aa* Mali. 865

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz. .' ‘

Pr. 24.I. 20.} Leave out "Patrons of the Parish &> " Church of Shennington afore-

21.) " said," and insert " Lord Bishop

of.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That Mr. Chester do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that' this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Importation The Lord Beauchamp presented to the House, ac-of cording to Order, a Bill to.admit to an Entry in this otacco. Kingc}oin> Under certain Restrictions, Tobacco imported not directly from the Place of its Growth or Produce and for granting an additional Duty on such Tobacco, during the present Hostilities: Ana the same was received: and read the First Time.

Rcfok-ed, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time To -morrow Morning.

Chatham Sir Richard Sutton presented to the House, according Dock-Yard, to Order, a Bill to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securiDg His Majesty’s Dock, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Warrant* The Lord North presented to the House, by His of Majesty’s Command, inChhrf15 A Book containing Copies of Lists of Warrants in granted by the Commanders in Chief in Canada upon Canada, the Deputy Paymasters there, and transmitted to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, from 28th October 1777 to the 22d 1779.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Territories The House was moved, That an Act made in the of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, East India ;ntitujccjj An Act for continuing in the Possession of w*pany‘ the United Company of Merchants of England trading " to the East Indies, for a limited Time, and under " certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East; and for " continuing, for a limited Time, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing " certain Regulations for the better Management of u the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in " India as in Europe, as will expire in the Course of the " present Year,"-might be read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing in the Possefliokof the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, for a further Time to be limited, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East; and for reviving and continuing, for a further Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East' India Company, as well in " India as in Europeas hath expired in the Course of the present Year: And that the Lord the Lord

Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, the Lord Westcote, the Lord Palmerston, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Vo*- 37-

The Lord Nebrha'ven, acctirding to Order, reported Goods from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the imported Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Mariufacture of yrom certain Places within The Levant or Mediterranean Seat, Lmnt‘ to be imported into, Great Britain or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited, was'committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Reportfn his Place; and afterwards delivered the.

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Report, was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration'To-raorraw Morning.

A Petition of Alexander Fordyce, of Harley-Street, Esquire, was presented to the House and: read; Setting of forth. That the Petitioner h^s a Manufactory at South MarineAcid. Shields, in the Bishoprick of JDurham, for the Purpose of extyafting from Sea; Salt a.fixed Foffil or Mineral Alkali, of the Nature of Barillia (fit for the Purposes > of the Hard Soap Maker, . the Bleacher,. and Glass Maker) and also a Marine Acid, ' found in many Cafes to be a fefcr.and more.efficacious Acid than the Oil of Vitriol, particularly in preparing Linens and Callicoes for Printing; and that the Acid and Alkali contained in Sea Salt have never till now been found capable of being separated; and that the Petitioner is possessed of a Principle in Chymistry, hitherto unknown, by the ik.il-ful Application of which, such Separation is now actually made, and that in consequence of this Discovery new Sources of Commerce, and Industry are capable of being immediately opened, 'which will be of great Importance to the Trade and Manufactures of Great Britain, provided an Exemption is granted to the Petitioner from the Duties on Salt made Use of by him in extracting from thence his Marine Acid, and Foffil or Mineral Alkali, or by Bounties given, or other Allowances made, equal to those Duties, in such Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall seem meet; and that during the last Three or Four Years the Bafillia of Spain has gradually risen up from Sixteen Pounds to Fifty-six Pounds per Ton and upwards, and the Value given for it and other Afttes is actually given to Enemies or Foreigners; that from Sea Water, Sea or Rock Salt, or Salt Springs, a great Annual Saving may be made to this Country and Ireland; and the Petitioner trusts the Opinion of the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, so recently given, and that after the most mature and compleat Investigation of the Matter, in consequence of a Reference from the Board of Treasury for that Purpose, will have feme Weight on a Subject which has ever been considered by the World of the greatest Moment; and that the obtaining the necessary Informations, and settling with the different Revenue Boards those Regulations which seemed proper to be first established, have till now prevented the Petitioner from presenting a Petition for the Permission of the House to have Leave to bring a Bill for an Exemption from the old Duty on Salt, and for a Drawback of the Whole, or of a Bounty equal to the new Duty, on that Quantity of Salt which he shall make and use in his said Manufacture for the aforesaid Purposes: And1 therefore praying. That, under the particular Circum-starrees above stated, he may have Leave to present his Petition for the Purposes aforesaid, notwithstanding the -Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for private Bills hath elapsed.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Alexander Fordyce.

Then a Petition of Alexander Fordyce of Harley Street,

Cavendish Square, Esquire, was presented to the 1 louse, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is possessed of a Principle in Chymistry, hitherto unknown by the

to L Arilful

Supply.

Pont#fra&

I.'jclosure.

866 44'

ikilful Application of which, the Alkali and Acid contained in Sea Salt and in Rock $alt ate. Separated; that the Acid is found in many Cafes a pfwraule Acid to she Vitriolic, and the Alkali so obtained is superior in Value to the Bari Ilia of Spain, so needful iq many Branches of the Commerce of this Country; and that Salt u.fed in England is loaded With very heavy Duties, and without an Exemption from all such Duties on the Salt used by him, in obtaining his Marine Acid, and fixed Fofiil or Mineral Alkali, it will be for his Interest to transfer a Manufactory, which he has established at South Shields for the above Purposes, to some other Country, where no Duty is imposed on ;the Salt employed in their Manufactures; and that, if such Exemption shall be granted to the Petitioner, he intends to establish other Manufactories of the like Nature, in other Parts of Great Britain, to be approved of by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury; and that, by permitting the Salt so used by the Petitioner to be exempted from all such Duties, a great Annual Saving will be made to this Country, as large Sums of Money will be kept at Home, which mutt otherwise be paid to Foreign Nations: And she Petitioner hopes. That the House will give1 Leave to bring in a Bill, for an Exempt tion, for a Term of Years, from the old Duty on Salt, and for a Drawback of the whole* or of a Bounty equal to the new Dnty on such Salt as he shall.use in his said Manufacture of Marine Acid, and fixed Foffil or Mineral Alkali.

Ordered, That the Aid Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Pulteney, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed!; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-two thousand Nine hundred and Five Pounds and Two Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, foe the Year 1780:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Eight Pounds Six Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1780.

The Aid Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing the Park of -fracl, in the County of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; which Bill was, upon the 12th Day of this Instant May, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they Hr all think fit.

Matt. idf/iySo.

And the Aid Bill, being vagrossed, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the- Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing the Park of PontefraH, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir. John GooJricke6o carry the Bill to (he Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for ascertaining the Boundaries between the Manors of Whittington and OfjoeJlry, in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be. An Act for rendering effectual an Act,- made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands within life Manor of Whittington, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their- Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1780, which was presented to the House upon the 6th Day of March last,.be referred tr the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. the Lord A7ero-

haveit, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber v and have Power to fend (or Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion was made, and the Question being puf. That it. appears to this House, that the Sum. of f. 1,588,027. is. od. is dated in the Papers presented to this House, to have been applied to the Service of His Majesty’s Land Forces in North America, from the 31st of January 1779 to the ift of February 1780; of which Sum no Account whatsoever has been laid before Parliament, the said Sum being over and above the Pay, Cloathing, Provisions, with the Expence of Freight and Armament attending them, Ordnance, Tran (port Service, Oats, Blankets, Expence of Indians, Pay of certain General and General Staff Officers, Pay of several Commiflarics, and other Allowances, for the said Forces;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it appears to this House, that the Sum of jf. 3,796,543. ox. od. has been applied to the Service of His Majesty’s Land Forces in North America, in the Years 1775, 177^, 1777, and 1778; of which Sum no fetisfaftory Account has been laid before Parliament, the said Sum being over and above the Sums dated in she Accounts for Pay, Clothing, Provisions, with the Expence of Freight, and Armament’ attending the m. Ordnance, Transport Service, Oats, Blankets, Expence of Indians, Pay of certain General and Staff Officers, Pay of several Commissaries, Rum, and other Allowances, for the said Forces;

It pttfled in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Practice of incurring and paying Extraordi-nar’tes of the Army to so large an Amount, without either Explanation or satisfactory Account, and without Authority of Parliament, is not warranted by Precedent, is a dangerous Invasion of the Rights of this House, and One of the gross Abuses in the Expend}-..... ture of Public Money, complained of in the Petitions of the People;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers

Whtcrinoro* ana OiwrMrv BguliL: ic&.

Survey# of North Anicncd.

Motion reff-ectitire Extrm <#f the Army in

Ata.rica.

Ditto.

Ditto*

2<$ Geo. ill.

22* Mali.

Mci’.m rrlp^cii:^ crc.its »i vx\. Gtnces.

CJprir.

teller for the tig-fife^ C/rrto.j

TcU.- %f -he Noe,*^; } 44-

So it passed in flic Negative.

A Motion was bade,* and the ^ueftidtt being pro-poled, That the Creation of new, utineceflary, or fine-cure Offices, in the Army,' sArith considerable Appoint, mc-nts, in a Profusion of the Public Money, and the more alarming, as it tends to increase the unconftitu-tiana! Influence of the Crown.

And the previous Question being’put} That tHat Question be now put j it pulled in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refulve itself into a Committee of the whole House:, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Mai "fly;

Ordered, That the Account bf extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard' Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, between the 31st of January 1779 and the ift of February 17H0, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses Rated the 5th Day of April 1 779, be referred t > the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses ftafed the 10th Day of October 1779, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Books, Papers, and Accounts, which have been presented to this House by Mr. Alderman Harley in this Session of Parliament; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copies and Extracts of Letters from the Commanders in Chief in North America and Canada, advising of Requisitions made by them for Cash on the Contractors Agents, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Book, containing Copies of Lists of Warrants granted by the Commanders in Chief in Noyth America, and transmitted to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, from the ift of April 1777 to the 30th of September 1779, referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Book} containing Copies of lifts of Warrants granted by the Commanders in Chief in Canada upon the Deputy Paymasters there, and transmitted to the Lords Commissioners, of His Majesty’s Treasury, from 28th October 1777 to the 22d Olfobo-1779, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Money-given for the Service of the Year 1779 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 10th Day of April 1780, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Ord reported from the Committee, That they bad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ordalfo acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Vou 37.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Hoiiffe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill. to aJfow the Exportation Of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Great Britain to certain Towns, Ports; of Piaees. in Jforth.' America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty’s Arms; and from such Towns, Port?, or Places, to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty's Po-miniohS; ' , .

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjdurri.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth. ",

.Tellers for } *

' Tellers for ,he Noes,

So it passed in the Negative^ '1

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to bake Prpvifio'n in the said Bill, for indemnifying the Commanders in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces in North America, and all Persons having acted under their Authority, for any Acts done in pursuance of Orders and Regulations heretofore issued and established by any of the said Commanders in Chief, with respect to any Ships or Vessels that have arrived in any of the Ports in North America, laden with European Commodities.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, "Warrant, 18th " April 1780; permitting Ships and Vessels to fail for " New York, with Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Mer*

(i chandizes," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Warrant of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to the C<?mmissioners of the Customs in Scotland, permitting Ships laden with Provisions, &c. to be cleared out for New York, dated the 18 th of April 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Ilayleytook the Chair of Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Hayley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Sevennight, the 30th Day of this Instant at Twelve of the Clock.

The other Orders of the Day being, read;

And the House having continued to fit till after Twelve of the Clock on Yuefda Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve iiself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of " Corn," as relates to the Warehousing of Corn.

Resolved, That this House will, upon iVednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

American

Trade.

Warehousing

ofCero.

868

a 5* Mail.

A. 1780.

Account , .

Produce of A

.. t , w: , >

: Martis 23* Maii \

\ . n . s f* ' - /

» Anno 20* Georgii III"1 Rfegis, 1786.

O'. 1 ‘ ’' 1: - i '* ’ "

Prate<r s.; 1 ;< ';

r"| H E House "being informed that Mr. Powell,. from the Commissioners of the Customs, at-the Cuitoffls. tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Nett Produce of the Customs under the Management of the Commissioners in England, from the 5th January 1777 to the 5th January 1780, distinguishing each Year.

~ And then he withdrew. \

Ana the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the TablS, "to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other . ' Papers of this Session.

solutions: And that Mr. Parker, Sir George Yonge, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Rolle, Mr. ^7/mo/, and Mr. Baring, do prepare* and bring in, the fame,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Imptx

Mile End Poor.

Reading of the Bill to admit to an Entry in this Kingdom, under certain Restrictions, Tobacco imported not directly from the Place of its Growth, or Produce, and for granting an additional Duty on such Tebacco, during the present Hostilities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee ,of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. brd presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons -as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and- Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within, the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Mem-Parish of Stepney, in the County oC Middlesex; for bers and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be and other Open Passages and Places within the said stamped according to Law, or having been stamped Hamlet, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give fiir-for consolidating the Highway Rates with the other, ther Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and Rates within the said Hamlet, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names

of

Tobitco.

OffiCM

ani

Employment.

' Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Hamlet of Mile End New in the

are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Ham-. and read the First Time.

file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And the same was received;

let of MileEnd New Town, in the County of -

sex, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

ral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition, purporting to be a Memorial of His Dr. Smith’) Majesty’s Justices assigned to keep the Peace in the Attending

of Loudoa Gdoli.

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feve- _ County of , was presented to the House, and

_.1 A---- J----- L----- .1 — - I --1 read; Setting forth, That the said Justices observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented by William Smith, Dotftor of Physic, Hating, that Application having been, made to him by Sir Charles Whitworth to visit the Gaols and Prisons in and

Southwark, in order to administer Relief to the Sick

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the Prisoners therein, ia Consequence thereof he aitended

Importation of Foreign La cc*

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. J

Mr. Parker, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-

the said Gaols and Prisons from the 25th of March 1776 to the 10th of November 1779, with great Assiduity, by Means whereof, the Lives of many Persons had been preserved, that had no other Means to procure Medical Assistance; and that the Number of Sick in the Gaols aforesaid, under the Care of the said Smith,

ferred to consider of the Duties now payable upon the during the Period above-mentioned, amounts to 1051;

Importation of Foreign Bone Thread Lace, the Relo lutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; winch he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties payable upon the Importation of Bone Thread Lace, according to the Rate of Four Pounds the Dozen Yards, mentioned in the Book of Rates referred to in the Act ol Tonnage and Poundage, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

and that, besides his Loss of Time in visiting the said Gaols, and administering Relief to the Sick Persons confined therein, an Expence has accrued to him of £. 566. 1 s. 3 d. for Medicines, over and above other considerable Expences: And that it appears to the said Justices, by a Copy of a Report.of a Committee of the House, that a Person, named John , had delivered

in to the said Committee an Account, shewing the Number of Patients in each Gaol, together with the Expence of the Medicines administered to them by the Directions of the said William Smith, amounting to £. 566 or thereabouts; adding, that the said William Smith attended the said several Gaols daily, and sometimes Twice a Day, and by his Skill and Management the

lliat, in lieu of the said Duty, a Duty of Ten Pounds Number of sickly Prisoners in the said Gaols, which

per Centum, ad Valorem, be laid upon the Importation of

all such Bone Thread lace.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Re-16

were very full, was reduced; all which Particulars, with others of leis Imponance, are lined in the la: I Report above-mentioned, and to which the said Justices crave Leave to refer: And that it also appears, by the Vote?, that a Sum, not exceeding Twelve hundred Pound?, hath been granted to the said H’Uii.vn Smith,

1:1

Motion

re (peeing

j'nprtfied

Persons.

Territnrie*

of the East India Luinpany.

Mr Hey I cU^ure.

Supply

20 Geo. III. 23° Mail 869

in Recompence for his Attendance upon tick and dif-cafi'd Prisoners in the several Gaols aforesaid, for near Four Years lad; pad, and for repaying to him the several Sums of Money by him expended in Medicines for such lick and diseased Persons: And further Jetting forth, That t! e said Justices have under their Care Two Prisons fituue in the Borough of namely, the County Gaol, and the House of Correction, both of which have been regularly attended by a Surgeon and Apothecary, at the Expence of the County; and there are other Prisons, tituate within the said Borough, subject to other Jurisdictiens, in some of which Advice and Medicines are regularly administered to diseased Prisoners, and they have therefore Realbn for believing (having examined the Keepers of the said Prisons) that the Attendance given by the said William Smith to any of the Pri Ions fituafe within the said Borough of Southwark, was needlels and officious, and that his Pretensions for a Public Reward have no Foundation in Truth or Justice: And therefore they hope. That the House will enquire into the Pretensions of the said Smith.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition, purporting to be a Memorial of His Majesty’s Justices assigned to keep the Peace in the County of is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Heuse.

A Motion was made, and the Question was propostd, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making Provision for the Relief of the Wives and Families of such Persons as shall be impressed to serve in His Majesty’s Sea Service.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The Lord North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, for a further Time to be limited, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in The East Indies; and for reviving and continuing, for a further Time to be limited, so much ot an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India " Company, as well in India as in ," as hath

expired in the Course of the present Year: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Upon Thw jdayMorning next.

Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Mojs, otherwise Moseley, in the Parish of and

ailb the Open Arabic Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kirk Branmith, in the West Riding of the County of

York; which Bill was, upon the Second Day of this Inftnnt May, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Ord, according to Girder, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Gerk’s

Vol. 37.

Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow-cth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two millions Four hundred and Eighteen thousand Eight hundred and Five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 31st Day of January 1779 and the tft Day of February 1780, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand Three hundred and Seventy-two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5tlr Day of July 1779, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Thirty-two thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-six Pounds Four Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to tire Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the lame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1779, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty-seven thousand and Thirty-six Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, be grained to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid cut of the fame, to make good the Deiiciency on the 5th Day of July 1779, ^le Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act n aue in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, towards the Supply granted lor the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Tiuee hundred thousand Six hundred and Eighty-leven Pounds and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

A Bill to v.ft certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustet s, for the better securing His Majesty’s Dock, Ships, and Stores, at,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bili be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

Resolved, That tin’s House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the restraining of the Exportation, and carrying Coastwise, of Copper in SJjeets.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to expl; in and amend an Act, past’ed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Im-10 M " prisonment

Chatham Dock Yard.

Exportation of Copper*

Imprisonment

of Debtor*.

Extending

Members

Augmenting the iVtiiitia.

870 ii* Matt.

" prisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors,

" who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a u certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are " mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors " Benefit

Rejohced, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the several Acts for securing the Freedom of Parliament, by farther extending the Qualification for Members to fit in the House of Commons, and for rendering the same more effectual j

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

iMr. )

Tellers for the Yeas

Tellers for the Noes,

4

Sir George Yonge: y

Sir William Me)

Mr. George Rous:

28.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ehves took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ehves reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ehves accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Sevennight, the ift Day

of June next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Hujfey, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the Militia and to declare valid and effectual the Swearing in, and Inrolment of, Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, in Cafes where all the Provisions of the several Acts now in being relative thereto have not been observed; and to indemnify Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace, for their Proceedings therein respectively, was committed j the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House , and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

P. 2. 1. 11. Leave out " Tenth," and insert " First;" and leave out " May," and insert " July."

1 19. Leave out from " whatsoever," to the End of the Bill.

Add Clauses (A.) (B.) and (C.)

Clause (A.) " And whereas several Persons hare " been engaged to serve as Militia

1780.

Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, " in several Militia Regiments,

" Battalions, and Independent " Companies, out of the Counties " to which such Regiments, Battalions, or Independent Companies respectively belong, and " not being Natives of the fame, " and have been lworn in and in-" rolled by Deputy Lieutenants " acting out of their respective " Counties, or by the Chief Magistrate, or Justices of the Peace, " not of such Counties to which " such Corps of Militia belong: " And whereas, the several Provisions of the Militia Laws, respecting the engaging, swearingin, and inrolling Militia Men, " Substitutes, and Volunteers, have " not in such Cases beeo observed; " Be it Enacted by the Authority " aforesaid, That the engaging, " swearing-in, and inrolling of all " such Militia Men, Substitutes, " and Volunteers, previous to the " Fifteenth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, " shall be valid and effectual, as " if the several Provisions relating " thereto had been observed; and " that all such Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, shall be " deemed Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, to all " Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that the said Deputy " Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, " Justices of the Peace, Officers, and Non-commissioned Officers " of Militia, shall be, and they are " hereby, indemnified for such " their Proceedings therein respectively."

Clause (B.) " And whereas, by an Act passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in " being, relating to the raising " and training the Militia within " that Part of Great Britain " called Ecertain Powers t( are given to Deputy Lieutenants in the Abtence of the tf Lieutenant of any County out " of the Kingdom: which Powers, " in certain Cafes, have been " found to be inefficient; Be it " further Enacted, That the several Powers granted to Lieutenants of Counties, by an Act " patfed in the Eighteenth Year " of the Reign of King George " the Third, intituled, "An Act " to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating to the " raising and training the Militia " within that Part of Great tain called England, and to efta- blish certain Regulations with " respect to Officers serving in the " Corps of Fencible Men, directed " to be raised in that Part of " Great Britain called Scotland,

and

to Geo. III. 23’

" and certain other Corps therein " mentioned," so far as relates " to the appointing Officers to " command certain Volunteer Com*

" panics authorized by the said " Act; and also the several Powers granted to, and the several " Acts required from. Lieutenants " of Counties, by an Act passed " in the Nineteenth Year of " the Reign of King George the " Third, intituled, "An Act " to explain, amend, and render " more effectual, the several Laws " now in being, relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom;

and for making certain Provisions relative to the Fencible " Men in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland'' so far as " respects the Qualifications, Removal, or Appointment of Officers in certain Cafes therein " mentioned; and also the several Powers granted to Lieutenants " of Counties, by an Act passed " in the Nineteenth Year of the " Reign of King George the " Third, intituled, "An Act for " augmenting the Militia," shall,

" during the Abl'ence of the " Lieutenants of any County out " of this Kingdom, be executed " by, and are hereby required " from, such Deputy Lieutenants, " as now are, or hereafter shall " be, appointed in pursuance of " the Act first above mentioned."

Clause (C.) " And whereas, Commissions have " been granted by Deputy Lieu* — - " tenants so appointed, to Offi-

cers to command Volunteer *l Companies; and Doubts may " arise whether the Powers of " such Deputy Lieutenants extend thereto: Be it further Enacted, That fuel) Commissions " granted to Officers properly " qualified according to the Militia Laws, Avail be, and they " are hereby declared to be, valid " and effectual; and the said " Deputy Lieutenants and Officers are hereby respectively indemnifitd for issuing or acting " under such Commissions."

In the Title of the Bill,

At the End add, lt to declare valid * * " and effectual the Commissions

" granted by Deputy Lieutenants, " in the Abl’ence of the Lieutenant of any County out of the " Kingdom, to Officers commanding Volunteer Companies j and to indemnify Deputy Lieu* " tenants and Officers who have " granted or acted under such " Commissions; and to enlarge the " Powers of Deputy Lieutenants " in certain Cafes."

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

v<* 37*

Matt. 871

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Quartering solve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the of Soldiers m Bill, for exempting the City of Winchester put of the Pro- ^^he^cr visions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers " during the Time of the Elections of Members^ to " serve in Parliament," so far as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for a Time to be limited;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for exempting the County of out of the Provisions of the said Act of the Eighth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second.

Hefolved, That this House will, upon next,

at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Regulation Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty’s Civil Civi/ Establishments, and of certain Public Offices; for the EstabWhmem*. Limitation of Pensions, and the Suppression of sundry, useless, expensive, and inconvenient Places; and for applying the Monies saved thereby, to the Public Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Elwes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Supply Bill; ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Xg1^uef upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Hie of Man;

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ,mport the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon certain Goods imported into The Isle of Man}and for better regulating the Trade, and securing the Revenue^, of the said Island.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Goo* the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within Leva0't. The Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in Britishor Foreign Vessels,

from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited, ‘ was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se- w»r«houfin* vennighf, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Corn.

House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Im«

" portal ion and Exportation ot Corn," as relates to the Warehousing of Corn.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Account; Duties nn Starch.

Gee’s

Duke of Ancaster and K eleven’s Imitates.

72

Mercurii, 240 die Mail;

Anno 20* Georgii III'" Regis, 1780.

Prayeks.

qRDERED, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties on Starch, for Ten Years last pud, distinguishing each Year.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Bicknell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Real Estates late of Roger , of in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to raiie Money, by Sale or Mortgage thereof, for discharging Incumbrances thereon, and the Debts and Legacies of the said Roger Gee\ and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of Part of the Estates settled by the Will of the Most Noble Robert late Duke of Ancafler and Kesteven, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying off Debts and Incumbrances affecting the said Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also,

Man. j$, 1 j$o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act pJrift for obviating Doubts touching the binding and receiving Apprentice*, of Poor Children Apprentices, in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament made for the Relief of the Poor within particular incorporated Hundreds, or Districts; and for ascertaining the Settlement of Ballard Children born in the Houses of Industry, within such Hundreds or Districts; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Epsom Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

" the Roads from Epsom, through , to,

" and from Ewell to Kingston upon ‘Thames and ‘Thames '

" H it t oh ,in the County of Surrey and for amend-

ing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road on Borough Heath, in the said County; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Bruere, from the Commissioners of Excile, attended at the Door j he was- called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Starch, Account: for Ten Years last past j distinguishing each Year. 0B 5

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

The AMOUNT of the Duties on Starch, for Ten Years last past; distinguishing each Year.

E"e’ }

EJivd MttlfoAccomp* Gen1

D. Papillon. Geo. L. Scott. A. Lucas.

IV. Lowndes. St. Brookfhar.k. J. Pownall.

H. Legge.

Ordered,

Ways and Means.

Offices

and

[Employments.

Difrovrry of the

Longitude.

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills.

Isle of Man import Duties.

20 Geo. III. 240

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omi'red to register or deliver in their Qualifications within (he Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped have been loft or miilaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give fur* ther Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,'I hat the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfe!f into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of what Money has been issued by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more effectual an " AO, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the Discovery of a Method for finding the Longitude at Sea, so " far as relates to the Encouragement and Reward of " Persons making lesser Discoveries for finding the " fame, or making other useful Discoveries and 1mprovements in Navigation, and to the making of Experiments relating thereto."

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the Laid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they hau gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon certain Goods imported into The Isle of Man; and for better regulating the Trade, and securing the Revenues, of the said Island, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

V01. 37.

Mail 873

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to admit to an Entry in this Kingdom, under certain Restrictions, Tobacco imported not directly from the Place of its Growth or Produce, and for granting an additional Duty on such Tobacco, during the present Hostilities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dempster took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dempflerreported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dir'eOed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Poivnallreported from the Committee, to whom

the Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1780, w'hich was prefen ted to the House upon the 6th Day of March l^ft, was referred; That the Committee had examined the said Estimate; and had directed him to report the Matter thereof, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 1 able: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Joseph Frederick IVallet , Esquire, pro*

duced to your Committee Four Volumes of Maps, published under the Directions of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty; the First "ml Second Volumes containing Charts and Views of the Coalls and Harbours of Nova Scotia-, the Third comprehending the Coasts and Harbours of New New

Connefiicut, and other Places; and the Fourth Volume comprehending the Coasts and Harbours in the Gulph and River o {'Saint Lawrence, the Coast and Harbours

from New York to Cape Florida.

He then acquainted your Committee, That he was allowed, upon the Representation of the Board of Trade, 35 Guineas for each Plate compleated for Publication, and Twenty Shillings per Day, this Allowance being founded on the precedent of what had been thought reasonable for the former Part of this Work, published under the Direction of the Lords of the Admiralty — That he has already compleated 246 Plates — That in Consequence of this Assistance from the Public, he has found himself enabled to fell the Maps, Charts, and Views, taken from those Plates, at One Shilling per Sheet; which, had the Plates been so engraved at his own Risque and Expence, could not, upon an Average, have been sold at less than Five Siblings per Sheet — That he fells each Map, Chart, or View separate by which Means the Navigators may be supplied with such as they want oniy for their respective Dies without being burthened with the Purchase of the Whole.

That he has, under the former Parliamentary Grants, been paid for 414 Plates, according to the Allowance above mentioned — That the Estimate prefen ted to the House upon the 6th of March last, and referred to this Committee, includes the Witness s Demand for the remaining 32 Plates, which, at 35 Guineas per Plate, amounts to f. 1,176, and which Sum, together with the Sum of £*365, being his Allowance at 20 Shillings per Day, for One Year amounts to 1,541# the Sum charged in the said Estimate, being the Completion of the General Work.

to N Whereupon

Importation

of Tobacco.

Surveys

in

North

America.

Motion Jrefye fling Relief to Seamen's Families.

Ways ind Meant*

Importation

of

Foreign

Lace.

Ditto.

8 74

24° Mali.

A. 1780.

Whereupon, it appears to jour Committee, That Bill against: Smuggling, for preventing the scandalous

Joseph Frederick IVallet Dei Barrel has performed the

Conditions of this his Engagement j and that the Efti-mare is duly founded thereon.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Justices of the Peace, in Districts where Poor Houses are erected, to give Pecuniary Relief to the Wives and Families of Persons engaged in His Majesty’s Sea Service j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

28.

Tellers for the Noe J P'"‘% J‘minS‘ Ck,k‘' I

. TMr. HuJJey: \

So it passed in the Negative.

36.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Duty on Sweets, for Twenty Years last part, dillin-guishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That

Evasion of the Duties upon Foreign Thread Lace, the good Effefls of which have been obvious, not only to the Increase of the Revenue, but to the Encouragement of this Manufacture, which, from the Frauds above alluded to, had been declining; and the Petitioners were in Hopes that the said Clauses, so wifely calculated for thcle Purposes, would have been adhered to; and that it is with the utmost Grief and Aftoniffiment, they find themselves obliged to submit to the House their Apprehensions of inevitable Ruin, should these Regulations be repealed, and others substituted injurious to the fair Trader, ruinous to the Manufacture, and productive of every Fraud and Col-lulion which the illicit Importer can with for; and alledging, that the Duty of Ten per Cent, ad Valorem, will, from Variety of Causes, never be fairly levied, and even if levied, will not give to the English Manufacture-an Advantage over that of; the Consequence

of this is inevitable, and too obvious to dwell uponj they will therefore only add, that the Numbers employed in this Branch amount at the lowed Calculation, to above One hundred thousand Persons: In Justice therefore to themselves, and to those iManu-facturers from whom the Means of Existence will be taken by this Repeal, the Petitioners beg Leave to be allowed to adduce Evidence in Support of these Facts, and to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, or fuclt other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to alter the Duties upon Foreign Thread Lace imported into this Kingdom, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard,' by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fic.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time,

they had come to several Resolutions; which they had upon this Day Sevennight. directed him to report, when the House will please to

receive the same. A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-'

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow posed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Morning enable His Majesty to make Convention or Truce, or

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was to conclude Peace, with the Inhabitants of the A%,indirect ed by the Committee to move, that they may have Bay, Nezv Connsilicut, Rhode

Motion

respecting

Aauncia

Atfiiri.

Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir George Yonge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to alter the Duties upon Foreign Thread Lace imported into this "Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the Tirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tellers for the Yeas

A Petition of divers of the Manufacturers of, and Dealers in Bone Thread Lace, in Behalf of themselves and of the Trade in general, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have Icen, in the Votes, Two Resolutions respecting the State of the Duties on Foreign Bone Thread Lace, upon which a Bill is directed to be brought in, to regulate the Importation of that Article in future; and they do, in all Earnestness, recommend to the House, to give their most serious Attention to a Question which involves the Property, nay the Means of Existence, of the many Thousands employed in this Manufacture, for the Encouragement of which the Duty proposed to be repealed, and amounting to a Prohibition, was originally granted in the last Century, and under this Encouragement the Manufacture has hitherto fiourithed , and that the alarming Increase of Smuggling, and the Difficulty of Conviction, made it necessary for the Petitioners to apply last Year to the House for Relief; in Consequence whereof, Clauses were inserted in the

A

II'

and Providence Plantation, New York, The Jerseys, Pen-filvania, the Three Delaware Counties, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina, on such Terms and Conditions as in the Course of Events shall become convenient and necessury, to the Honour and Welfare of His Majesty and His People;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth

Sir Grey Cooper,

Mr. de Grey:

Tellers for the Noes, i

51 Mr. Dempjizr:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the better ic-curing the Freedom of Parliament, by excluding certain Placemen from fitting in the House of Commons;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Hartley,

5

Excluding rerun Ptacmctt from luting in

ParUnieot.

Sir William Guise:

Tellers for the Yeas

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

j

Joltfe,

1

67.

8S.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

resolve

BaiU'Mv

StVYlt1

ll3.i

20 Geo. III.

240 — 250 Mali. 875

resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for settling Buckingham House, 44 with the Appurtenances, upon the Queen, in case 4; She shall survive His Majesty, in lieu of His Ma- it fry’s Palace of Somerset House; for enabling the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to 4< sell and dispose of Ely House, in Holborn, and for applying the Money to arise by Sale thereof, together 4i with other Monies, in erecting and establishing Public Offices in Son;erfet House, and for embanking certain Parts of the River Thames, lying within the Bounds of the Manor of the Savoy; and for other Purposes therein mentionedas enables the Commissioners of His Map fly's Treasury to apply the Sums necessary for the completing the Buildings at Somerset House, out of the Adds granted for Naval Services, or out of any of the Revenues arising from the Receipt of the several Offices to be erected and established by virtue of the said Act:

The House relblved it Rdf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hi I;ev took the Ci:a’»r of die Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Huffy reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they haddirested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

fionTrTof rel°lvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Public consider further of the Bill for appointing and enabling Accounts. Commissioners to examine, take, and (late, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service; and what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, ilfuing, and accounting for, Public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and lets expensive Manner, the said Services can in future he regulated, and carried on for the Benelit of the Public;

liefolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-rvght, the 1 ft Day ot June next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Dune* on The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Pou rioiies. rcf0]ve imo a Committee of the whole House, to

consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons letting Horffis to hire for travelling, in the Manner therein mentioned; and certain Duties on all Horses let to hire, for the Purposes travelling

44 Port, and by Time; and upon certain Carriages

44 therein mentioned f9

The House refolded itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 37.

The Order of the Day being read; for the House to Exportation resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of consider of the restraining of the Exportation, and car- Copper, rying Coastwise, of Copper in Sheets;

The House resolved irself into ^he said Committee.

Mr. Sneaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Augmenting the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the dwMtktia. Lords, intituled, An Act to explain an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the Militia j " and to declare valid and effectual the Swearing-in, and Inrolment of Militia Men,

Substitutes, and Volunteers, in Caies where all the Provisions of the several Acts now in being, relative thereto, have not been observed; and to indemnify Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and justices of the Peace, for their proceedings therein respectively> was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

jfovisy 2 50 die hi ait \

Anno 20° Georgii III111 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employ- Mile End ment of the Poor of the Hamlet cf Milt End New Poor.

7own, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, and other Open Paffiges and Places within the said Hamlet, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and prevenrirg the like for the future; and for consoli-clating the Highway Rares with the other Rates within the said Hamlet, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Hamlet of Mile End New Tozvn, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex; for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, and other Open Passages and Places within the said Hamlet, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for consolidating the Highway Rates with other Rates within the said Hamlet; and for paving and regulating Great Garden Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Mat-fellon, otherwise IVhilechape!, in the said County; and removing a Bar now (landing acrofis the fame, and other Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Herbert Mackworth reported from the Committee, Loh irwin’i to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, E.Utes. An Act for vesting certain Meffunges in the City of London, Part of the E dates kite of Charles Lord Viscount Irwin, decea fed, in Trudces. to be sold; ard for purchasing other Estates, to be ffittled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined

Raine’s

Charities.

Importation

of Tobacco.

Mofeiey

Inclosure.

876

250 Mail,

A\ 1780.

amined the Allegations of the Bilt, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Herbert Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the iame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Trustees of the Charities established by the Settlement and W ill of Henry , Esquire, deceased; and to enable them to take the Freehold and Lealehoid Estates, Monies, and Funds, granted, assigned, settled, and given, for and towards the Support and Maintenance of the said Charities, to them and their Successors in Perpetuity, for the charitable Uses and Purposes in the said Settlements and Will expressed, and for the better Regulation and Management of the said Charities; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to admit to an Entry in this Kingdom, under certain Restrictions, Tobacco imported not directly from the Place of its Growth or Produce and for granting an additional Duty on such Tobacco, during the present Hostilities, was committed.

The Lord Beauchamp accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout'; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Moss, or otherwise Moseley, in the Parish of Campfall, and also the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kirk with, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Harrison ’, Clerk, Rector of the Parish of Kirk in the

West Riding of the Coupty of Yorkand of the le-veral Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in the same Parish, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, was referred: That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard the Petitioners by their Agents; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except certain Persons interested in the

Lands to be inclosed within the said Township, who are Proprietors of Two Common Rights and Estates of the Annual Value of £.41. 15J. who could not be met with; and also the Proprietors of Four Common Rights and Estates of the annual Value of £. 90, who did not chuse to sign the Bill, but did not oppose; and that the whole Property interested in the Lands to be inclosed within the said Township, conlift of Forty-five Common Rights and Estates of the annual Value of £ 835. 195. and also except certain Persons interested in the Lands to be inclosed within the said Parish of Kirk Bramzvith, who are Proprietors of Five Common Rights and Estates of the annual Value of £. 39. 10j. who did not chuse to lign the Bill, but did not oppose; and the Proprietors of Twelve Common Rights and Estates of the annual Value of £. 13J. who opposed the Bill; and that the whole Property, interested in the Lands to be inclosed in the said Parish of Kirk Bramwith, consist of Forty-nine Common

Rights and Estates of the annual Value of £-563) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Coke of Derby presented to the House, accord- Voting

ing to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render of '

more effectual, an Act, made in the Third Year of the Occasionil Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to ^reemeDprevent occasional Freemen from voting at Elections " of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and " Boroughs:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time To-mcrrow Sevennight, the zd Day of June next.

Ordered That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Bicknell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bil|s for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon ~

Malt, and upon Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said several Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, vending, or felling of, Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better secur- P°c't ^a,|k ing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Plymouth and Sheerness; and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,

Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable I.ands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Parishes of Stratton Audley, in the County of Oxford, and Caversfield, in the County of Bucks , without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to tire Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Land Forcer more easy and better recruiting His Majesty’s Land

Forces,

Dunes oa Malt, &c.

PivmmHh, &c.

Stratton

Audley,

&c.

Inclosure.

Recruiting

the

ao Geo. III. 250 Mail.

-Forces and Marines, as relates to the Encouragement of Volunteers; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Me of Man Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the

import Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

Dune*, granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon

certain Goods imported into ‘The Isle of Man-, and for better regulating the Trade, and securing the Revenues, of the said Island, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read thoughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

So l» Bill Mr. ^’ accordinS <0 Order, reported from the Eichtqurr ’ Committee of the whole Home, to whom the Bill for Bills. railing a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments 1 were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questions l'eve-rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Drawback Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-Cotfce *nS> rc Ive itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House to consider of granting a further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Coffee imported.

Exportation Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the of Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer-in Sheet*- rcd to consider of the retraining of the Exportation, and carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Sheets, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: 'Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Exportation, and carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Sheets be reftvained for a limited Time, under certain Regulations.

The laid Evolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Office* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *pipvm«nt». Upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law', and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having beeu stamped have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, be now read.

Vex. 37.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, fur indemnifying such Persons as have omitted to pay the Duties upon the Monies given or agreed for on placing any Person to be Clerk or Apprentice, and for allowing further Time for paying the fame, and for getting such Indentures or Articles stamped; and for declaring valid certain Articles and Indentures of Clerks or Apprentices;

It paired in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the restraining of the Exportation, and carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Bars.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Exportation, and carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Bars be restrained for a limited Time, under certain Regulations.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and also upon the Resolution this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the restraining of the Exportation, and carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Sheets, and which has been agreed to by the House; And that Mr. Ord, the Lord Lisburne, Mr. Pent on, Mr. Stephens, and Sir Grey Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Brett do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for settling Buckingha , with the Ap-M purtenances, upon the Queen, in case She shall survive His Majesty, in lieu of His Majesty’s Palace " of Somtfet House; for enabling the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to sell and dispose of Ely House in Holborn, and for applying the " Money to arise by Sale thereof, together with orher Monies, in ereefting and establishing Public Offices " in Somrfet House-, and for embanking certain Parts " of the River Thames, lying within the Bounds of the

Masor of the Savoy, and for other Purposes therein to O mentioned/’

Exportation of Copper in Sara.

Buildings

M

Somtrfcf Hovifc

ltj Maii. 1 A. 17S0.

" mentioned;" as enables the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to apply the Sums necessary for the completing the Buildings at out of the

Aids granted for Naval Services, or out of any of the Revenues arising from the Receipt of the several Offices to be erected and established by virtue of the said Act, was committed.

Mr. Brett accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingrafted.

Way* Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the *u«l Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read j and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Six Shillings per Barrel be laid upon Sweets made for Sale, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof, and after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Two Pence per Pound Weight be laid upon all Starch, and all Hair Powder made of Starch, which shall be imported into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of One Penny per Pound Weight be laid upon all Starch made in Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duties shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the Duty or Charge of Five Pounds/er Centum, laid upon the Produce and Amount of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Co,nival/, the Lord Westcole, the Lord Palm erf on, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey , and Mr.

Jon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Quartering The House, according to Order, refoived itself into of Soldiers a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for inWinchester exempting the City of H'inchester out of the Provisions

Ulc&ion* an ma<^e *n Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers " during the Time of the Elections of Members to " serve in Parliament," lb far as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, fora time to be limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lovel Stanhope took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lovel Stanhope reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

to report, w.hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts-Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Mer- lraoons clundize, exported from, and imported into, Great Britain, from Christmas 1773 to 1779; diU Kxpurt‘'

tinguishing each Place.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account 1 Account of the Money in the Hands of the Paymaster Con.pass.«utt General, belonging to the Fund reserved for the Pay- Lllu ment of the Lift, commonly called 'The Compajfmate Lijl.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- on ferred to consider of an Act, made in the last Session PoftHorfa. of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken " out by all Persons letting Horses to hire lor travelling,

" in the Manner therein mentioned; and certain Duties " on all Horses let to hire for the Purposes of traveiling Post, and by Time; and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Rates and Duties granted by an Act, nude in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons letting Horses " to hire for travelling, in the Manner therein mentioned; and certain Duties on all Horses let to hire for the Purposes of travelling Post, and by Time;

" and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned," shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid and payable, except only such Monies as shall have been received, or shall be payable, by the several Postmasters, Innkeepers, and other Persons, for and on Account of the said Rates and Duties, and which shall be unaccounted for and unpaid by them to the several Collectors, appointed by virtue of the said Act to receive the same, and the several Bonds given in pursuance of the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, in the Kingdom of Great Britain, who shall let to hire any Horse, for the Purpose of travelling Post by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, or, being a Person usually letting Horses to hire, shall let to hire, for a Day, or any less Period of Time, any Horse for drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with Four Wheels, Chaise, Marine, Chaise with Four Wheels, or any Calash, Chaise or Chair, with Two Wheels, or any other Carriage used id traveliing Post, or othervy ife, by what foe ver Name such Carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, for or in respect whereof any Rate or Duty, Rates or Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, now is or are made payable by any Statute or Statutes heretofore made, and now in Force, shall yield and pay Annually unto His Majesty, H is Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Five Shillings for a Licence for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for and in respect of every Horse hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling Post in the Kingdom of Great Britain, there be charged a Duty of one Penny for every Mile such Horse shall travel Post, such Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons by whom such Horse shall be so hired or uled.

Resolved,

State of the War.

20 Geo. III. 25*

ResolvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for and in respect cf every Horse hired for a Day, or any Ids Period of Time, for drawing on a Port or other public Road, any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with Four Wheels, Chaise, Marine, Chaise with Four Wheels, or any Calash, Chaise, or Chair with Two Wheels, or any other Carriage used in travelling Post, or otherwise, by whatsoever Name such Carriages now arc or hereafter may be called or known, for or in respect whereof any Rate or Duty, Rates or Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners of Excile for the Time being, now is or are nude payable by any Statute or Statutes heretofore made, and now in Force, there shall be charged, if the Distance shall be then ascertained, the Sum of One Penny per Mile; and if the Distance shall not then be ascertained, there shall be charged the Sum of One Shilling and Six Pence for and in respect of each Horse l'o hired, tuch Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons by whom such Horle shall be i'o hired or used.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion bf this Committee, That cverv Peril n who shall keep any Four-wheeled Chaise or other Machine, commonly called a Diligence or Post Coach, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are or hereafter shall be called or known, for the Purpose of conveying in the lnlide thereof any Number of Passengers not exceeding Four, for Hire, ]to and from Stage to Stage, or from Place to Place, or who shall keep any Coach, Rerlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalh with Four Wheels, Chaise, Marine, Chaise with Four Wheel', or other Machine by what Name soever the same now is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as Public Stage Coaches or Carriages for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in the Kingdom of Great,

shall yield and pay Annually unto His Majesty, His He irs and Successors, the Sum of Five Shillings for a Licence for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Four-Wheeled Chaise, or other Machine, commonly called a Diligence or Post Coach, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are or hereafter shall be called or known for the Purposes of conveying in the Inside thereof any Number of Passengers not exceeding Four for Hire to and from Stage to Stage, or from Place to Place, shall be charged with a Duty of One Halfpenny per Mile such Carriages shall travel, to be paid by the Owners thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with Four Wheels, Chaise, Marine, Chaise with Four Wheels, or other Machine by what Name soever the same now is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as Public Stage Coaches or Carriages, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from one Place to another, in the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be charged with a Duty of One Halfpenny for every Mile such Carriages shall travel, to be paid by the Owners thereof.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, the Lord the Lord Palmer ft on, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve iticlf into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the State of the War* Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 37.

Man. 879

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Terrtonr* Reading of the Bill for continuing in the Possession of of the _ the United Company of Merchants of England trading to ‘The East Indies, for a further Time to be limited, C°n,f’an7* and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in The East Indies; and for reviving and continuing, for a further Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations " for the better Management of the Affairs of the " East India Company, as well in in Europe,"

as hath expired in the Course of the present Year.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Goods further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit Levant. Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within The Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited, was committed.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- mP°J|ation der of impoling a Duty on the Importation into this Cotton, Kingdom, of Cotton and Cotton Wool, in Foreign Ships and Vessels.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Augmenting the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the [he

Lords, intituled, An Act to explain an Act of the Militia.

last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " augmenting the Militia j" and to declare valid and effectual the Swearing-in, and Iorolment of, Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, in Cafes, where aft the Provisions of the several Acts now in being relative thereto, have not been observed; and to indemnify Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justicea of the Peace, for their Proceedings therein respectively, was committed be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

88o

26° Mail

Koval Aflfent to Bills,.

Veneris, 26® die Maii;

Anno 20® Georgii IIltU Regis, 1780.

Praters.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Yeoman Usher

of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the De-fire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Pcersj where a Commission under the Great Seal was read} giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Af-sent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancetlor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills j and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord President of the Council and the Earl of Mansfield, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth , viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said several Duties} and for granting a Duty on Licences to betaken out by all Persons trading in, vending, or felling of Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate:

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, so much of an Act. made in the last Session of Parliament, lot the more easy and better recruiting His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as relates to the Encouragement of Volunteers:

An Act to veil certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth, and Sheerness", and for belter defending the Passage of the River 'Thames at Gravefield and Tilbury Fort:

An Act for obviating Doubts touching the binding and receiving of Poor Children Apprentices in pur-luance of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Relief of the Poor within particular incorporated Hundreds or Districts; and for ascertaining the Settlement of Bastard Children born in the Houses of Industry within such Hundreds or Districts:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the Roads from through Ewell, to

44 Tooting, and from Ewell, to Kingston upon Thames and Thames Ditton, in the County of and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Evsell Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road on Borough Heath, in the said County:

An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of Part of the Estates settled by the Will of the Most Noble Robert fate Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven, deceased, in Truf-Jees, to be sold for paying off Debts and Incumbrances

14

’ 1780.

affecting the said Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable John Ord, Esquire, and John Tyton, Esquire, Trustees, named in the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the honourable Thomas Onslow with Arabella his now Wife, to fell the Rents, Services, Duties, Reliefs, Hcrriots, and other Dues, and Payments, payable, or to be performed or rendered by the Tenants of the several Manors or Lordflrips comprized in the said Settlement, and to enfranchise the Copyhold Tenements held of such Manors or Lordflrips; and for laying out the Money which shall arise by such Sale and Enfranchisement in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses to which the said Manors or Lordflrips do now (land settled:

An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be made between the Right honourable Horatio Lord Walpole and Thomas William Coke, Esquire, of divers Lands in the County of Norfolk comprized in the Marriage Settlement of the said Horatio Lord Walpole, gnd devised by the Will of Thomas Earl of Leicester, deceased; and for settling the Lands given in Exchange to each Party, to such and the same Uses as the Lands for which the same are exchanged flood settled and limited:

An Act for vesting certain Meflriages in the City of London, Part of the Estates late of Charles Lord Viscount Irwin, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting the Real Estates, late of Roger Gee, of Bijliop Burton, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to raile Money, by Sale cr Mortgage thereof, for discharging Incumbrances thereon, and the Debts and Legacies of the said Reger Gee; and for other Purposes therein mentioned

An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estates of Thomas More Molyneux, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be

fold, for Payment of such of his Debts and Legacies as now remain unsatisfied:

An Act for incorporating the Trustees of the Charities established by the Settlements and Will of Henry Raine, Esquire, deceased; and to enable them to take the Freehold and Leasehold Estates, Monies, and Funds, granted, assigned, settled, and given for and regards the Support and Maintenance of the Lid Charities, to them and their Successors ia Perpetuity for the charitable Uses and Purposes in the said Settlements and Will expressed and for the better Regulation and Management of the said Charities:

An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates of Thomas Copley, Esquire, in Trustees, for a Term of One thousand Years, in Trust, to raise, by Way of Mortgage thereof, a Sum of Money, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Heath Lands, called The South Heaths and The North in the Parish of Welbourn cum Sapperton, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of Shemington in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Parishes of Stratton Audley, in the County of Oxford, and Caversfield, in the County of Bucks:

An Act to enable John Ingilby, Esquire, (lately called John Wright) to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Ingilby pursuant to the Will of Sir John

Ingilby, Baronet, deceased:

An Act to enable Richard Gee, the Younger, Esquire,

and his Issue Mile to take and use the Surname and

bear

20 Geo. III. 2

88r

bear the Arms, of Carewt pursuant to the Will of Sir Nicholas Hackett Carew, Baronet, deceased.

Arclibtiliop An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act f for veftin^ mTrustees th.e Capital Messuage, with the ^PaUce^ Appurtenance*, at Croydon, in the County of Surrey, Croydon, known by the Name ot The the of

Canterbury, and Two Clolcs near thereto adjoining, in Trull, to sell the same j and for disposing of and applying the Money to arile thereby, and received on Account of the Dilapidations thereof, and other Money, in the Manner, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Touonjlund, Mr. Stanhope, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Brixworth Mr. Poroys presented to the House, according to ladosure. Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and imlofing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Brixworth, otherwise Bricklefworlh, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and road the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Iir.ncrmian An ingrossed Bill to admit to an Entry in this King-of dom, under certain Restrictions, Tobacco imported Tobacco. not tlire&ly from the Place of its Growth or Produce, and for granting an additional Duty on such Tobacco, during the present Holliiities, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to admit to an Entry in this Kingdom, under certain Restrictions, Tobacco imported not directly from the Place of its Growth or Produce, and for granting an additional Duty on such Tobacco, during the present Mobilities.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Maleley An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-Inclosure. mons and Waste Grounds whhin the Townshipof Mo/s, otherwise Mofe/ey, in the Parish of Campfall, and also the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kirk Bramvcith; in the-Wed Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Moss, otherwise Alofelev, in the Parish of Campfall, and also tire Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Padures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kirk Bram-with, in the Wed Ruling of the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hie of Man An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty several

Import additional Duties upon certain Goods imported into The Duu«». Qjr jy, jat,. ancj for better regulating the Trade, and

lean ing the Revenues, of the said Island, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon certain Goods imported into The Isle of Man; and for better regulating the Trade, and (e-curing the Revenues, of the said Island.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, Exchequer by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Bill*. Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, was read the Third Time.

Vox.. 37.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills* for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve iileif into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler of granting a further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Coffee imported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. George Rous took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. George Rous teported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. George Rous accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee, imported by the East India Company in the Ship Europa in the Year '775-

And Mr. George Rous moved the House accordingly-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Coff f, imported by the East India Company in the Ship Europa in the Year 1775: And that Mr. George Rous and Mr. Purling do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Me nbers and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or having been stamped have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing iliem Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give furtfnff Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments where Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Level Stanhope, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for exempting the City of IViHchester out of the Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers during the Time of the.hledhons of Members " to serve in Parliament," so far as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of

10P Members

t)rawfra< k on Coffee.

Offices and Employ* meins.

Adjourn-

ment*

Quartering of Soldiers in Wincheftef during Elc&ions.

Committees.

Buildings

at

Somerset

House.

Petition from Prisoners in the

Ring’s Bench.

Augmenting the Militia.

882 26°

Members to serve in Parliament, for a Time to be limited, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the lleport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feverafly put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for settling Buckingham House, with " the Appurtenances, upon the Queen, in case She shall " survive His Majesty, in lieu of His Majesty’s Palace " of Somerset House; for enabling the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to sell and dispose of Ely House, in Hoi born, and for applying the " Money to arise by Sale thereof, together with other " Monies, inerefting and establishing Public Offices in " Somerset House; and for embanking certain Parts of " the River ’Thames lying within the Bounds of the " Manor of the Savoy, and for other Purposes therein " mentioned," as enables the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to apply the Sums necessary for the compleating the Buildings at Somerset House out of the Aids granted for Naval Services, or out of any of the Revenues arising from the Receipt of the several Offices to be erected and established by virtue of the said Act, was read the Third Time.

RefoJved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for settling Buckingham House upon the Queen in lieu of Somerset House, and for other Purposes, as enables the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to Supply the Sums necessary for compleating Somerset House, out of the Aids granted for Naval Services, or out of any of tire Revenues arising from the Receipt of the several Offices to be erected and established by virtue of the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Hujfey do carry the Bill to the Lord?, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Prisoners of the King’s Bench Prison, confined for Debt within the Walls of the fame, is referred, have Power to adjourn, from Place to Place, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the Militia;" and to declare valid and effectual the Swearing-in, and Inrolment of, Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, in Cales where all the Provisions of the several Acts now in being relative thereto have not been observed; and to indemnify Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace, for their Proceedings therein respectively, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question ievcrally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

i<»

Mail, A. 1780.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry t lie Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with tome Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Flo ford and Mr.

Bicbidi:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Pontefn-fl Act for dividing the Park of Pontefract, in the County nc u "rc‘ of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wh!ttingto» for rendering efteftuat an Act, made in the Seventeenth *ai*oture‘ Year of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Watte Linds within the Manor of Whittington, in the County of without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Foul ten Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Indhar* Half Year Lands, Fen Lands, Lammas Meadows,

Heaths, Commons, and Walls Lands, within the Parish of Foulden, in the County of Norfolk; without any

Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of John Hilton, Agent for the Cotton Cott.n

Manufacturers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Spinner*. Rhine he for, on Behalf of the said Manufactuiers, was presented to the I lode, and read; Setting forth. That a Petition of the Cotton Spinners, and orhets, in and adjoining to the County of Lancaster, hath been pre!anted to the House, alledging, that the making Use oi the Patent Machines and Engines, which have been invented for carding, roving, and spinning of Coiron, is attended with very F.vtl Consequences, which Petition is now un» dor the Consideration of a Commit.ee; and represent-

ing to the House that the said Machines and Engines,

- . , 7

will be used in the Cotton Manufacture in Foreign Countries, and that if Manufactures of Cotton in this Kingdom are restrained from making Use thereof, the same will be very detrimental to them: And therefore praying the House to take the said Matter into Consideration, and grant such Relief as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the fad Petition be icleried to the Consideration or the Committee to whom the Petition of the Cotton Spinners, and others, in and adjoining to the County of Lancaster, is reterred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the I louse.

Ordered, That the said Committee do report their Opinion to the House, upon the Matters contained in the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies issued at the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied and paid for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officer?, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government, between the 2oth of February 1779 and the 29th of February 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and lupj.'Oiting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, fur the Year 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other

incidental

1

7>rritorie» of the East India Company.

Importation

of

Cotton Wool

20 Geo. III. 26° Mail.883

incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1779 to the 24th June 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establifti-ment of His Mmefty’s Province of and

other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1779 to the 24th of June 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and Other incidental Expences attending the lhnic.ifrom the 44th of June 1779 to the 24th of June 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of Id is Majesty's Island of John in

and o'her in idental Expences attending the fame, from the ift of January 1780 to the 1 ft of January 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty's Dominions in North America, for the Year 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House mfolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Kesolution; which they had directed him to import, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Mr. O, dalfo acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit agaitv

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Wedmefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, for a further Time to be limited, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in The Eafi; and for re-

viving and continuing, for a further Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the India Company, " as well in India as in Europeas hath expired in the Course of the present Year, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Ir.struction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, to indemnify the said Company for any Money they have paid, or may pay, in or about the Building of Three Ships of the Line, for the Service of the Public.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider of impolrng a Duty on the Importation into this Kingdom of Cotton and Cotton Wool in Foreign Ships and Vessels.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had di-

Vci.. .37.

rented to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s fable: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Farthing per Pound Weight be imposed on all Cotton and Cotton Wo >1 imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships or Vessels, for a Time to be limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be liable to the additional Impost or Duty of Five Pounds per Centum, laid by an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

The said Refutations being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quction severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within The Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited, is re-committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the said Bill, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left tire Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That (he Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Wrays and Means, for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order bang read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolved itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider whether'by any, and by what. Means more effectual Encouragement can be given to Volunteers to enter on Board His Majesty’s Ships of War; And that they do report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Herbert Mackivortk, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet Tc-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and ail, who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Public Letter to the Admiralty from Sir George Brydges Rodney, dated 26th April 1780, off Port Royal Bay, Martinico, relative to the Engagement with the Fleet;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for, he Y Mer'JM: } *‘-

Tellers for the Noes, j JJbinfon } fa

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, all such £x-tracts of the Letters from Sir George Brydges Rodney,

as

Ways and Means.

Naval

Volunteers,

Motion for Papers from AdOiiral Rodney.

Ditto*

A. 1780.

884 26* —;

as relate to the Conduct of the Officers under his Command in the late Engagement in Wesi Indies;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {^ ^Minchin: 1 ?8'

Tellers for the Noesd^j1^ BeauchaJ

So it passed in the Negative.

Expenditure The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con fider further of the u jc oney. pejjt|on of Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of York; and also the i'everal other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hujfey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hujfey reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received-

Mr. Hujfey accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for preserving the Independence of Parliament, and obviating any Suspicion of its Purity, there be laid before this House, within Seven Days after the Firfi: Day of every Session, exact Accounts, authenticated by the Signature of the proper Officers, of every Sum and Sums of Money paid in the Course of the preceding Year, out of the Produce of the Civil List, or any other Branch of the Public Revenue, to, or to the Use of, or in Trust for, any Member of either House of Parliament, by Way of Pension, Salary, or on any other Account whatsoever; specifying when, and on what Account.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Motion for The House was moved. That the Entry in the Votes Red rtfs of of the House„ of the 6th Day of April last, of the Relo-Grievuces. jution " That if is the Duty of this House to provide,

" as far as may be, an immediate and effectual Redress £* of the Abuses complained of in the Petitions presented to this House from the different Counties, Cities,

" and Towns, of this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that no c fie dual Redress of the Abuses complained of in the said Petitions presented to this House from the different Counties, Cities, and Towns, of this Kingdom, has yet been provided;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till day Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

o° Mali.

Mart is, 30° di Mali.

Anno 200 Georgii III'" Rcois, 1780.

O O /

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons ns have OffwH omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and forgiving further Time (or t hole Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporation0, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been {lamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to nuke and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporal ions, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped have been loft or miftaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Duties m Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Nine- *ix‘t teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons " letting Horses to lure, for Travelling in the Manner " therein mentioned; and certain Duties on all Horses " let to hire for the Purposes of traveling Poll:, and by " Time: and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned;" and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the Firfi Tunc.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Pec hell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments mndcbv Av-en^r^t

JD > , *4;

this House to the Bi 1, intituled, An Act to explain an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the Militia;" and to declare valid and effectual the Swearing-in, and Inrohnent of, Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, in Cafes where all the Provisions of the i’everal Acts now in being relative thereto, have not been observed; and to indemnify Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace, for their Proceedings therein respectively.

And then the Mclfcngers withdrew.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Com- Sbjply-mittee of the whole House, to wuom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; whi h he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; here the same was read; and is as followed);

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-levea thousand

Nine

Chatham

Dock.

20 Geo. III. 30*

Nine hundred and Ten Pounds and Twelve Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government.

The find Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the Proprietors, Landholders, Trades-mfen, Househoklers, and I’arifhioners, of the Parish and Town of Chatham, in the Counly of was presented

to the House, and read; Reciting an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the High Streets and Lanes in the Parish of Sain: Nicholas, within the City of Rochejlerj and Parish of in the County of

Kent; and for making a Road through Star Lane, across certa;n Fields adjoining thereto, to Chatham , in the Laid County , and letting forth* That, in pursuance of the said Act, a Road hath been compleated from Lane to Chatham Hill aforesaid (which Road extends about One Mile, the natural Soil whereof, being hard Chalk and Stones, requires very little Repair) and One Gate and Toll House hath been erected near The Inn

o

in Strood, and another Gate and Toll House near the End of the said Road, and near the Turnpike on Chatham Hill, which are not more than Two Miles apart; and that the Board of Ordnance having brought in a Bill before the House, for extending and enlarging their Works round the Back Part or South Side of the Street and Town of Chatham, that Board, as the Petitioners are informed by their Plan, propose to stop up the present Road leading from Star Lane to Chatham Hill aforesaid, or Part of it, and in lieu thereof, to cause a new Road to be made across the Fields leading from Star Lane, much nearer to the back Part of Chatham Street, to or near the present Gate and Toll House on the present Road; and that, in consequence of the new-intended Road, the Commissioners of the present Road, as the Petitioners are informed, intend to petition the House, that a Clause may be inierted in the Bill of the Board of Ordnance, to impower them the said Commissioners to remove the present Gate and Toll House on the said P.oad, and to erect such other Gate or Gates on any Part or Parts of the said new-intended Road, as they may think fit, and also to erect any Side Gates or Bars across the Roads and Lanes leading out of and from the Town of Chatham, His Majesty’s Dock Yard, Office of Ordnance* and Barracks, to and from the Town of Maidstone, Cockjheath, and other Country Markets, and adjacent Towns and Villages, in the said Countyr, by which Means the Petitioners, and those several Departments, will be deprived of a free Passage to and from those Towns and Places, or any Camp which may be formed at Cockjheath aforesaid; and that the Petitioners, by virtue of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, have, at a great Expence, without any Toll or public Aid, new paved and lighted the Streets at Chatham, which, at their joint and very heavy Charge, must be continued and kept in Repair by them; and they have likewise, at a great Expence, lately widened, repaired, and improved, Three Miles of Road leading from Chatham to Maidj!one, Cockjheath, and adjacent Places; and that the said Commissioners of Rochester Pavements receive a very great public Aid to support and Repair their Pavements and Road by the Toll Gate at Strood, which brings in a clear Annual Income of Nine hundred Pounds or more, exclusive of their Toll Gate on their said Road, all Travellers paying to both Gates, unufually placed so near each other; and that a loll Gate belonging ro the Commissioners of the Canterbury Road hath been marty Years erected, and k

Yol. 37.

Mail 885

now {landing, at the East End of the Town of Chatham, a small Distance beyond the Toli Gate on the new Road; by Means of which Gates, and the said Cate at Strood, the Prices of Goods, Victuals, and other Necessaries and Materials, coming to the Market and Town of Chatham, are greatly enhanced; and that, if the Commissioners of the Road leading from Star Lane to Chatham Hill should be impowered, by the Bill m>w depending, to remove their present Toll Gate on the said Road, or to erect any other Gates or Gate on any other Parts or Fart of the new-intended Road, or any Side Gates or Bars across the Roads or Lanes leading out of and from the Town of Chatham to Maidstone, Cockjheath, the Country Towns and Villages aforesaid, the Petitioners and their Families will he greatly distressed and injured, and the several Departments of the Nary, Ordnance, and Barracks, as well as the Petitioners, deprived of a free Passage and Conveyance for their Goods, Stores, and other Necefiaries: And therefore praying, That the present Turnpike Gate and loll House on the present new Road may not be removed, but continue and remain in its present Situation; and that no other Gates or Gate, Bars or Bar, may be set up or erected on any other Parts or Part of the new-intended Road, Westward of the present Gate, or any Side Gate or Bar to be erected across any of the Roads or Lanes leading out of and from the Parish or Town of Chatham, His Majesty’s Dock Yard, Ordnance, or Barracks, to the Town of Maidstone, or other Country Towns, Markets, Villages, or Places, or to any Camp which may be formed at Cockjheath aforesaid; and that the House will protest and support tire Petitioners in their Estates, Trade, and necessary Conveniences, or otherwise in the Prentifes as the House ffiali judge most just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Dock, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Cocks took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Cocks reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within The Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limited, was re-committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Report was read.

10 Q And

Goods imported from the Levant.

Great Adding n inclosure.

Little

Catworth

Inclosure.

Brixworth

Inctuiure.

Ameriran

Trade.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being federally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quetliun severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Powys, presented to t!ie House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Bands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Great Addington, in the County of Northampton: And the tame was received; and read the Kirfi Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pozvys presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Bounds, Prccinds, and Liberties of Little Cativcrth, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill far dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, ot and within the Manor and Parish of worth, otherwise Bricklefinorth, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powys, Mr. Brett, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Hayley, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to allow the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, W ares, and Merchandize, from Great Britain to certain Towns, Ports, or Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty’s Arms, and from such Towns, Ports, or Places, to Great Britain and other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Folio 3, Line penult, by infcrting after the Word " '1 lmt" the vVords " whenever it shall appear, by such " Methods as are herein after directed by this Act, that " Peace and Obedience shall be, in any Port or Place in " America, so far rctlored, that the Trade and Commerce " of His Majesty’s Subjects can be carried on without " Interruption, that then an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse " with the Colonies of New

" Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey,

" Penfylnania, the Three Lower Counties on

ware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the " present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the Fourteenth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to disconfume the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, " of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, " and within the Harbour, of Boston, in the Province " of Mapic In jet's Bay; and also Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the " Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said " Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and authorized by His Ma-19

Maii. A. 1780.

" jesty to grant Pardons, to issue Proclamations in the " Cales and for the Purposes therein mentioned," shall " be and is hereby repealed, lb far as relates to such Port " or Place; and that the Trade and Commerce of such " Port or Place be carried on under such Limitations and " Provisions as are directed and provided by an Act, " passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act torefirain the Trade " and Commerce of the Provinces of Bay

" and New Hampshire, and Colonies of Convenient and " Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, in North c‘ America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the " Islands in the West Indies; and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on " the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Places therein " mentioned, under certain Conditions and Liir.irations,"and also another Act, passed in the Fifteenth " Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies of " New Jersey, PetiJ'ylnania, Maryland, Virginia, and " South Carolina,- to Great Britain, Ireland, and the " British Islands in the West Indies, under certain Conditions and Limitations," under the Superintendance " and Controul of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, " or Commander in Chief, for the Time being, together with the Naval Officer and Officers of the " Customs, if such be and are residing in such Port or " Place; or if there be no Civil Government, nor " Civil Establishment, or the proper Officers of the " Customs, being and residing in the said Port or Place, " that then the said Commerce be under the Superin-tendance and Controul of the Commander in Chief " of His Majesty’s Forces, or his Deputy, duly for that " Purpose delegated and appointed, according to the " same Powers and Authorities as His Majesty’s Governors are vested with, according to such Restrictions as are provided for the due Exercise of the said " Powers and Authorities."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted j

It passed in the Negative.

Then an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill. 1

Another Amend ment was proposed to be made to t he Bill, in Folio 9, Line 8, by inserting after the V\ord " Place" the Words " Provided, That no such Limitaiion, Restriction, or Regulation, shall be made, from " which any Emolument or pecuniary Advantage whatsoever shall or may arise to such Commander in Chief, or Commanding Officer for the Time being." And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in tire Negative.

Then another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrafted Bill for exempting the City of -chester, out of the Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for regulating " the Quartering of Soldiers during the Time of the " Elections of Members to lerve in Parliament," so far as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to lerve in Parliament, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for exempting the City of Winchester, the County of Southampton, the Town of Shrewsbury, and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " regulating the Quartering of Soldiers during the " Time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament," so far as the same relates to the Removal

of

Qiinrtchn®

Soidion in Wiiicadt" during Election*

20 Geo. III.

of Troops during the ElcifHor.s of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time.

Orated, That Mr. Love I Stanhope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defne their Concurrence.

Drawback Mr. Purling presented to the House, according to M\ Order, a Bill for granting further Time for allowing the Cu.-Ke. Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee, imported by the East India Company in the Ship in the Year

1775: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Exportation Mr- Pent on presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to restrain the Exportation, and carrying

°Pfer» Coadwilc, of Copper in Sheets, or Copper in Bars, for a Time to be limited, under certain Regulation* 2 And the tame was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Timei

of the'5 Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

E.<ft imiia to rest>h-e iilelf into a Committee of the whole House, Company, upon the Bill for continuing in the Posscflion of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, for a further Time to be limited, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in The East Indies > and for reviving and continuing, for a further Time to be limited, lo much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the " better Management of the Affairs of the East India

8$7

" Company, as well in India as in Europe" as hath expired in the Course of the present Year, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Stephens, from the Commissioners for executing Discovety the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, of I*1® presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Lorijitude;

An Account of what Money has been issued by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in purfdance of an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more effectual " an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, for promoting the Discovery of " a Method for finding the Longitude at Sea, lo far as " relates to the Encouragement and Reward of Persons " making Lesser Discoveries for finding the fame; or " making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in " Navigation, and to the making of Experiments relating thereto."

And the Title of the said Account was read;

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

30° Matt.

Navy Office, 26th May 17

An ACCOUNT of what Money has been issued by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in pursuance ofan Ad* passed in the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, " made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the Discovery of a Method for " finding the Longitude at Sea, so far as relates to the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making lesser " Discoveries for finding the fame, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and " to the making of Experiments relating thereto j" prepared pursuant to an Order from the honourable House of Commons, dated 24th May 1780.

To whom, and upon what Account.

To the Reverend Dr. Mafkelyne, Astronomer Royal, by Way of Imprest, to enable him to pay proper Persons to compute and compare Nautical Almanacks for the Years 1781 and 1782 -

To Mr. William Madge, Watchmaker, who hath corn-pleated a Watch, of a particular Construction, which (upon Trial made of it at the Royal Observatory) hath been found to keep Time with great Ex-adnels, to enable him to carry into Execution his Intention of making other Watches, and of endeavouring to bring them to a still greater Degree of Perfection, for the Purpose of ascertaining Longitude at Sea - ....

To Mr. William Wales, Mathematical Mailer of Christ's Uospital, £. 130, for his Trouble in abstrading, degelling, and preparing for the Prels, the Nautical and Astronomical Observations made by him and Mr. Bayly, during Captain Cook's last Voyage, and now published for the Use of the Public; and allb £. 23. 9. o. being the Amount of what Vol. 37.

Dates of the Certificates, from the Commissioners of the Longitude, to the Commissioners of the Navy, for Payment of the Money. Times when the Bills where passed for the fame, by the Commissioners of the Navy. So MS*

1 ft 0Bober, 1777 24th October, 1777 1 I O

V D* 17 th 0Bober 500 —

he

t)ifcovery of the Longitude.

888

30

he represents to have paid for Assistance in the Execution of that Work — In both -To Mr. James B afire, Engraver, the Amount of his Bill for engraving Copper Plates, for the above Work -

To Mr. William Nixon, Copper Plate Printer, the

Amount of his Bill, for working off Impressions of those and other Plates -

To Mr. William Richard [on, Printer, the Amount of his Bill, for printing Nautical Almanacks for the Years 1777, 1778, 1779, 1780, and also several other Works, by Order of the Board of Longitude To the Reverend Dr. Majkcly Astronomer Royal, by Way of Imprest, to enable him to pay proper Persons, to compute and compare Nautical Almanacks for the Years 1783 and 1784, the further Sum of----

To Mr. John Hyacinth dt Magellan, of Nevil's Court, Fetter Lane, London, far the Use of Air. Bournelli, Professor of Astronomy, and Member of the Academy of Sciences, CsV. at Berlin, as a Reward for the said Bournelli's Care and Trouble in constructing a

Manul'cript Book of Tables, for facilitating Astronomical Calculations, which will be of great Public Utility, and as a Consideration for the Property of the said Tables, which will be printed and published for the Use of the Public -To Messrs. Wright, Gi7/, and C°. Stationers, the Amount of their Bill, for Paper supplied for printing Nautical Almanacks, &c. between the 24th April 1776 and the 3d April 1777 -

To Messrs. Strachan, Printers, for printing 500 Copies of a Book of Nautical and Astronomical Observations, made by Messrs. and Bayley, during Captain Cook's late Voyage, and for the Paper on which the same was printed -To the Reverend Dr. Majkclyne, Astronomer Royal, by Way of Imprest, to enable him to pay Persons to compute and compare Nautical Almanacks for the Years 1785 and 1786, the further Sum of To Jejfe Ramsden, of Piccadilly, in the Parish of

St. James, Westminster, Mathematical Instrument Maker, as a Reward and Satisfaction, as well for his Invention of an Engine for dividing strait Lines into any Number of equal Parts (which, with a former Engine invented by him for dividing Octants, Sextants, (Ac. will make the Business of dividing Mathematical Instruments complete) as for the Property thereof; and for his Care and Trouble in graduating Instruments, and instructing other Persons in making and uling similar Engines To Mr. Charles Mason, as a Reward for his Care and Pains in making considerable Improvements in the Solar and Lunar Tables, and as an Encouragement _ toJlilt-., to endeavour to bring them to a (till greater Degree of Perfection -To Messrs. Wright, Gill, and C". for Paper supplied for the Public Service, under the Directions of the Commissioners of the Longitude -To Mr. John Arnold, more by way of Imprest, to enable him to prosecute further Discoveries and Improvements, with Construction of Watches for keeping Time at Sea -

To Mr. Charles Mason, as a further Reward for his Care and Pains in perfecting the Corrections of the Solar and Lunar Tables -To Mr. Michael Taylor, as a Reward for his Skill and Pains in inventing and constructing a Table for facilitating the Ute of almost every otlipr Astronomical Table, by laving the Calculator a great deal of Time, and preventing him from falling into Mistakes To Messrs. Wright and Gill, the Amount of their Bill, for Paper supplied in the Months of January and February 1779, for printing Nautical Almanacks, (Ac. — — -

¥ j*. +V 0 / 1 ft October, 1777 2 7 th Oyiohgft 1777 aGu 17 60 £ d. l/3 9 — *

D D* 22 3 3

D* 23 2 6

D* D* 250 6 — *

25th May, 1778 20th June, 1778 450 1

25 th May, 1778 20th June, 1778 «4.--

D* D* 98 7 —

D* D* 3°7 *4 —

17th September 29 th September 430

D* D* 400 —

D* D* 250

D* D* 8l -

6 th March, 1779 15th June, 1779 500 —

6th March, 1779 16th June, 1779 500

P* D* xoo — —

P* D* 78--

r*

A

ao Geo. III. 30° Mail. 889

To the Reverend Dr. Nevil Astronomer

Royal, by way of Imprest, to enable him to pay the Computers and Composers of the Nautical Almanacks for the Years 1787 and 1788 -

To Mr. Michael Taylor, in Addition to what has been already paid him, in Consideration of some Examples delivered by him to the Commissioners of the Longitude, for elucidating the Use of the Table for which he has already received a Reward of One hundred Rounds -

To Mr. William Cootnbes, to enable him to prosecute and make further Improvements in the Construe-tion of Time-keepers, it appearing by the Report of the Astronomer Royal, that a Watch, made by the said Mr. Coombes, which has been some Time at the Royal Observatory for Trial, has kept Time with great Accuracy and Corretftness, in Part of£. 200 which was ordered him

y L t. d.

27 th November 1779 25th January 1780 45° >

22d January 1780 29th D° —

D* D" 189 17 6

£ 5.407 l9 3

N. B. The Sum of £. 4.07. iqs. 3d. Part of this Account, is a Surplus, remaining tiniflued the 14th April 1777 <(when the lad Account laid before the honourable House of Commons was made out) of Money voted for Longitude Purposes, by Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign; and the remaining S :m of £.5,000, was iftoed pursuant to the Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty’s

Reign, which is quoted in the Title of this Account;

The Whole amounting to the Sum of Five thousand Four hundred and Seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and

Three Pence.

Cha' Middleton. J. William. Edw1 Hunt. Geo. Marsh. W. Palmer.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Roman A Petition of His Majesty’s loyal Protestant Subjects Catholic*, of High Wickham, in the County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, sensible of the many Blessings which, as Protestants and Britons, they enjoy, cannot but be alarmed at an Atft, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, repealing certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on the Papists by a Statute enabled in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of William the Third, for further preventing the Growth of Popery; and that it is with the deepest Concern they petition the House against a Law which has already received the Royal Afl'ent; but, as this Act was lb suddenly introduced, and lb hastily passed, before the Sense of the Nation at large could be obtained, or any Oppofnion formed against it, they are encouraged to hope that this Application will not prove too late for Redrels: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the Act lately passed in Favour of the Papists.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Cardigan Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to w'it. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cardigan, in the County of Cardigan, in the room of Thomas Esquire, who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That the Officer of the Wood Farm, or other proper Officer, do lay before this House, an Ac- from t^e count of what Corn or Grain he hath received under W®od Farm, the Lock for Three Years past, and what he'hath delivered out, and by what Law, or by what Authority; specifying the Species and Times, and also whether for Home Consumption or Sale, or for Foreign Exportation.

The House being informed that Mr. from Account j

the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Half Forces, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, com*affionac* at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Lift*. Order,

A Paper, intituled, " A Return to an Order of the " honourable House of Commons; containing, an Account of the Savings (occasioned by Death and Promotions) of the Half Pay of Reduced Officers of " the Army, from 25th of June 1767 to the 44th of " December 1779; and the several Sums paid thereout " for Compassionate Lifts, pursuant to His Majesty’s.

Warrants as within mentioned."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth;

Vol. 37.

to R A RETURN

V^.﻿Account; Produce of the Customs.

890 30® Mail. . 1780.

A RETURN to an Order of the honourable House of Commons; containing, an Account of the-Savings (occasioned by Death and Promotions) of the Half Pay of Reduced Officers of the Army, from’ the 25th 7une 1767 to the 24th of December 1779; and the several Sums paid thereout for Compassionatc Lifts, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants hereunder mentioned.

From the 25 june 1767 to the 24 December 1768 From the 25 December 1768 to the 24 December 1769

From the 25 December 1769 to the 24 December 1770

From the 25 December 1770 to the 24 December 1771

From the 25 December 1771 to the 24 December 1772

From the 25 December 1772 to the 24 December 1773 From the 25 December 1773 to the 24 December 1774 From the 25 December 1774 to the 24 December 1775 From the 25 December 1775 to the 24 1776

From the 25 December 1776 to the 24 December 1777 From the 25 December 1777 to the 24 December 1778 From the 25 December 1778 to the 24 December 1779

£ s. d

- - - - - 6,433 *3 7

- - - 4,017 7 3

- - - - 4,269 1$ 4

- - - 3.697 1 10

m - - - 3-933 4 10

- - - - - 4,889 9 (

- - - - 6,588 *7 7

- - - - 5,250 *9 —

m - - 5,° 79 7 11

- m m - 5,5 98 11 —

- - - - - 6,850 *7 10

- - - - 8,216 9 4

From which deduct the following Sums paid for the Compassionate Lift, pursuant to Warrants, as under mentioned.

Per Warrant, of the 2 2d February 1769 Per DiVo, of the 16 February 1770 Per Ditto, of the 8 March 1771 Per Ditto, of the 20 February 1772 -Per Ditto, of the 26 February 17 73 -

Per Ditto, of the 25 February 1774 -Per Ditto, of the 16 March 1775 Per Ditto, of the 8 March 1776 Per Ditto, of 19th February 1777 Per Ditto, of 23d March 1778 Per Ditto, of 13th April 1779 -Per Ditto, of 7th April 1780 -

/. d.

4,111-----

4,036-----

- 3»9°3-----

3,809-----

' 3.635 -

3,525 — _

- 3.684-----

3,680-----

3,998-----

4,122-----

► 4,191-----

4,223-----

64.825 14 7

46,917-----

17,908 14 7

Pay Office, Horse Guards, 30th May 1780.

Rich'1 Rigby.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Powell, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, prefenced (o the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Grots Receipt, Payments, and Nett Produce, of the Revenue of Customs in Eng-lend, for Three Years to 5th January 1780; and the Payments into the Exchequer.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do He upon the Table, *0 be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-20

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Rmiiatinj to consider further of the Bill for the better Regulation His Majesty'i of His Majesty’s Civil Establishments, and of certain Public Offices; for the Limitation of Pensions, and the Suppression of sundry useless, expensive, and inconvenient Places; and for applying the Monies laved thereby, to the Public Service.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Warehousi.j night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Con. House upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," as relates to the Warehousing of Corn.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

2© Geo. Ill

Goods Imported from the Levant.

American

Trade.

Chatham

Dock.

Supply B 11; Duties on Siarcl), &c.

Territories of the East India Company.

Mercitrii,3 iw die \

Anno 20* Georgii III,!1 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in Rritifhor Foreign Veil'd s, from any Place wharfeever, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third I'ime.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pafi>: And that the Title be. An Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within The Levant, or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever; and for laying a Duty on Cotton and Cotton Wool imported into this Kingdom, in Foreign Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do cany the Bill to the Lords, and dchre their Concurrence.

An ingrofifed Bill to allow the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merch ndi/.e, from Britain to certain Towns, Ports, or Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty’s Arms, and from Inch Towns, Ports, or Places, to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to allow the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Britain

to certain Towns, Ports, or Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty’s Arms, and from such Towns, Ports, or Places, to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions.

Ordered, That Mr. Eden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Sir Charles Cocks, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to veil certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better (ecuring His Majesty’s Dock, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

; Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Starch and Hair Powder imported, and upon Starch made in Great Britain, and upon Sweets: And tire same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Grey Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The,

for a further Time to be limited, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in The East Indies; and for reviving and continuing, for a further Time to be limited, so Vol. 37.

31° Mail 891

much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year Of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, " as well in India as in Europe,’' as hath expired in the Course of the present Year, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'fable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingossed.

A Petition of James Keir, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner observes, by the Vo'es, that a Petition hath been presented from Alexander Fordyce, Esquire; alledging, that he is possessed of a Principal in Chymistry hitherto unknown, by the skilful Application of which the Alkali and Acid contained in Sea Salt and Rock Salt arc separated, and that the Acid is found in many Cafes preferable to Vitriolic, and the Alkali superior in Value to the Barillia of Spain, and praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for an Exemption from the old Duty on Sait, and for a Drawback on the Whole, or a Bounty equal to the new Duty on such Salt as he shall use in the said Manufacture of Marine Acid, and fixed Foflil or Mineral Alkali; and representing to the House, that in the Year 1771 the Petitioner discovvered a new Method of obtaining the Mineral Alkali from common Salt, and did intend to establish a Manufacture for that Purpose, and to secure his Invention by Patent, and with that View entered a Caveat in the Patent Office, dated the 14th of February 1771, that no Person should obtain a Patent for an Invention, by which an Alkaline Salt may be extracted from common Salt, or from Sea Water, or from the Water of Salt Springs, without giving Notice to the Petitioner; but that he was prevented from executing his laid Intention of establishing a Manufacture of Alkali obtained from common Salt, principally by the high Price of Salt, occasioned by the Duty on that Commodity; and that the Petitioner has, since that Time, discovered other new Methods of extracting the said Alkali from common Salt, by which he could beneficially manufacture large Quantities of the said Alkali, provided he was exempted from the Duties on common Salt: And therefore praying, That he may be allowed the same Exemption and Drawback from the Duties upon Salt, as are prayed for by the said Alexander Fordyce, or that the said Exemption and Drawback may be allowed to all Persons concerned in the said Manufacture of obtaining Alkali from common Salt.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Brett,

&c.: Ar.d they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, Dr the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money which has arisen from the Sale of Ely House, with its Application, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money applied

to

Kelr'»

Manufactory

of

Marine Acid.

Supply-

oy2 31° M ^.1780*'

to carry on the Buildings at up to

Christmas, Anno 1779, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing in what Manner the Sum of f. 90,000 (mentioned to have been received by Sir William Chambers) has been applied in the Buildings of Somerset be referred to the said

Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Plans and " Eftinrates made for the Buildings at Somerset House, " and the Sums necessary for compleating the fame," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Way» Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House *nd Means. to resolve it elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1779, has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 10th Day of April 1780, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Stoppages for Provi-' lions for the Artillery in America, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Further Account of Stoppages made by the Paymaster of Artillcry in America, for Rations of Provisions furnished to the Detachment serving the re, from ill " January 1776 to the 30th September 1779," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, A Return to the " Order of the honourable the House of Commons, of " the 4th of May 1780, containing an Account of the " Savings of the Sums voted by Parliament, for the " Pensions of Widows of Officers of the Army, in the " Years 1775, 1776, 1777, 1778, and 1779," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " A Return to " an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of " the lft May 1780, containing an Account of the " Sums ordered to be reserved in the Hands of the " Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces out of " the Monies voted for the Subsistence of an Augmentation to sundry Regiments of Foot, in the " Year 1779 pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant of " 20th April 1780, authorizing such Deductions," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " A Return to " an Order of the honourable House of Commons, " containing an Account of the Savings (occasioned " by Death and Promotions) of the Half Pay of Reduced Officers of the Army, from 25th of June " 1767 to the 24th of December 1779; and the several " Sums paid thereout for Compassionate Lifts, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, as within mentioned," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Amount of " Rations flopped by Meliks. Cox and Drummond, from " the Detachment of Artillery serving in America, from " the Year 1769 (when they first appeared in the Accounts of the Regiment) to the 31st December 1772," be referred to the said Committee.

20

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the New Levies, from the respective Times within mentioned to the 24th December l~'79 inclusive; together 1

with an Account of certain Sums already voted for (

these Corps, which mav now be applied in Aid of the said Charge, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House wiil please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Peter Theodore De Bruges, was pre- Mancf fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That of the Petitioner observes, by the We., that a Pcti- Ma*"eAc*’ tion hath been presented from Alexander Esquire, alledging, that he is possessed of a Principle in Chymistry hitherto unknown, by the skilful Af-plication of which the Alkali and Acid contained in Sea Salt and Rock Salt arc separated, and that the Acid is found in many Cafes preferable to Vitriolic, and the Alkali superiorin Value to the Barillia of and praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for an exemption for a Term of Years from the old Duty on Salt, and for a Drawback of the whole, or a Bounty equal to the new Duty on such Salt as he shall u!c in the said Manufacture of Marine Acid, and fixed Foflil or Mineral Alkali; and representing to the House, That the Petitioner also requires a great Quantity of Sea Salt, or Rock Salt, which, by a Process in Chymistry, he converts into Mineral Alkali and Saltpetre; and that he has been at great Expence in bringing the said Process to Maturity, and in erecting very extensive Works ter that Purpose; And therefore praying. That he may be allowed the same Exemption and Drawback from the Duties upon Salt as are prayed for by the said Alexander Fordyce, or that the said Exemption and Drawback may be allowed to all Persons concerned in the said Manufacture.

A Petition of James Watt, of Birmingham, in the Ditto. County of Warwick, Engineer, on Behalf of himself and of Doctor Joseph Black, Professor of Chymistry in the University of Edinburgh, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, in Conjunction with the said Doctor Joseph Black, did many Years ago separate from Common or Sea Sait some considerable Quantities of Mineral or Foffil Alkali, by a Process of their own Invention, which they intended to have prosecuted as a Business, but were deterred by the then low Price of Alkaline Salts, and by the Duties on Sea Salt; and that the Petitioner has, since that Time, discovered another more expeditious Method of performing the same Operation, or Decomposition, which he proposes to carry into Execution in great; and that the Petitioner, having read in the Votes, that a Petition had been presented by Alexander Fordyce, Esquire, of Harley Street, for Leave to

bring in a Bill to exempt from Elis Majesty’s Duties, the Sea Salt which should be used in his Manufactory at North Shields, for the Purpose of preparing Mineral Alkali, the Petitioner is of Opinion, that, if the desircd Exemption from the Duties on Sea Salt be granted to the said Alexander Fordyce, and confined to him alone, it must operate to the Prejudice of the Petitioner and (he said Doctor Black, and may prevent them from putting their Schemes in Execution, and consequently prevent the Public from reaping any Benefit from their labours, in lowering the Price of that very neceflury Commodity the Mineral Alkali: And therefore praying, That he may be allowed to shew Gause why he

20 Geo. III.

31* Mali,

T)nries on frjft Horses*

tonmn

Citbolict.

Fordvce’s

Manufactory

of

Marine Acid,

and the (kid Doctor Joseph Black should be included in the Benefits which may accrue from the proposed Exemption from His Majesty’s Duties on Sea Salt, for such Quantities as they or either of them may use for the Purpose of preparing Mineral Alkali; or otherwise to give Order therein as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were Teverally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of James is referred: And they are to examine the Matters of these Pet it ions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

A feill for repealing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An A<fl for granting to His Majesty certain Duties " on Licenses to be taken out by all Persons letting Horses to hire, for travelling in the Manner therein mentioned, and certain Duties on all Horses left to hire for the Purposes of travelling Poll, and by " Time, and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was read a SeCond Time.

Re/ehed, That the Bill be committed.

Re/ulwd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of His Majesty’s loyal Protestant Subjects of Soham, and the adjacent Villages, in the County of

Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, sensible of the many Blessings which, as Protestants and Britons, they enjoy, cannot hut be alarmed at an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Kcign of His present Majesty, repealing certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on the Papists by a Statute, enacted in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of William the Third, for further preventing the Growth of Popery; and that it is with the deepest Concern they petition the House against a Law which has already received the Royal Afl’ent: but as this Act was so suddenly introduced, and so hastily passed, before the Sense of the Nation at large could be obtained, or any Opposition formed against it, they are encouraged to hope that this Application will not prove too late for Redress: And

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the Act lately passed in favour of the Papists.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mi. Brat reported from the Committee, to whom

(he Petition ot rlltxu ndcrF of Harley Street, VCndiJhSquare, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and bad directed him to lej.ort the lame, as it appeared to them, to tie House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was lead; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, your Committee examined the following Witneife?: First,

Doctor George Fordyee, Physician to Hospital, Prctelfor and Lecturer of Cfymiftry; who informed your Committee, That he believes the Principle by which the Acid and Alkali contained in Sea Silt, are separated by Mr. Fordyee, is entirely new — That he has been acquainted with it about Three Years — That he has teen the Marine Acid procured by those Precedes, which is a pure Acid, and is employed in Preference to the Vitriolic Acid, in making, Tin Plates; and is alto preferable in bleaching Linen, and preparing it for printing, being lets apt to burn the Linen, Vofc. 37.

the Vitriolic being more corrosive, and consequently more apt to dissolve Vegetable or Animal Substances — That the Marine Acid evaporates with the Water in bleaching, but the Vitriolic remains so as to burn the Cloth when dry — That there are many lesser Manufactures to which it is applicable, but these are the Two greater ones — That he has seen some of the Alkali procured by Mr. Fordyee in consequence of his newly discovered Principle, which is a pure Foflil Alkali, at least worth double the Value of the best Barillia, and consequently worth a great deal more than double the Money, because it docs not require to be purified as the Barillia does — That it contains Twice the Alkaline Salt, and is already pure — That its Strength will be uniform, which that of the Barillia is not, and consequently a purer Ingredient — That it is as fit for the Purpose of bleaching as the Alkali of Barillia, which is generally used for that Purpose, and they are as like each other as Salt brought from different Salt Pits — That it will make line Glass — That in general the Mineral Alkali is capable of performing what the Vegetable Alkali performs, and particularly in all the great Manufactures — That they are both Substances of the same Class, but not of the same Species of Alkali; they agree, therefore, in many Properties; in all, he conceives, except in the making of Saltpetre, and some Species of Soap, meaning loft Soaps — That the Introduction of the Use of Mineral Alkali will not prevent Kelp being also used, because the Purposes for which Kelp is employed are not on account of the Alkali which ic contains, but on account of the Sea Salt, and other Properties — That Kelp is employed for some Purposes, because it contains a small Quantity of Alkali, but it is very little — That the Sale of British Kelp and Alkali will not at all interfere with each other as far as he can judge — That he has been enabled to form his Judgment upon the Subject by analyzing Kelp, and employing it ^Experiments madetd ascertain its Properties — That Kelp is employed in Green Glass, for the particular Purpose of uniting with the earthy Substances to form the Glass, for which Purpose Mr. Fordyee's Alkali will be too dear — And being asked, Whether it was not owing to its Alkaline Properties that it so unites the earthy Substances ? lie laid, There is not One-twentieth Part of the Kelp that is Alkali — That the Kelp enters into the Composition of the Glass; therefore it cannot be from its Alkali that it forms the Glass — That if the Alkali is taken away, it will (till form the Glass — That he has himself made Glass from Kelp after extracting the Alkali — That it is on account of the Alkaline Property in Kelp that it is used in making of AUum — That he is of Opinion, that the Alkali proposed to be made by Mr. Fotdyce, will not answer the same Purposes in the Manufacture of Allum, for which Kelp is at present used. — And being asked, If the Alkali was laid out of the Question, what Principle he attributes to the other Ingredients of Kelp, to make it useful in making Glass? he said, The Sea Weed, from whence Kelp is principally made, is a particular Class of Plants; called Alga:, whose Structure is loch as to render them able to imbibe more Salt than Plants of other Clalfes, so that when they are burnt, they forma Mals proper for producing Glass — That he has frequently tried, by various Processes, to extract Alkali from Sea Salt, of the same Nature as that now found out by Mr. Fordyee, but those Processes are all too expensive ever to come into common Use, though he thinks it can be dene by Mr. Fordyce'% Method at such an Expence as to make it so, provided the Salt can be made without Duty — That he did not know of the Discovery until it was communicated to him by Mr. Fordyee, nor had ever met with any Thing leading to the Principle in any Book of Chymistry — That Kelp, or some Substitute for it, is generally made use of in making the different Kinds of Soap, but not on account of its

10 S Alkali.

Fordyce1*

Manufactory

of y

Marine Acid,

894 31 0 Mali. 1780.

Alkali. — And being asked, Whether Mr. s

Alkali would not perfectly supply the Place of Kelp in making the finer kinds of Soap? he said, He believed not; the Purposes of the Use of each in making Soap being different — That the Difference was, the Alkali unites with the Oil; and the principal Use of Kelp is to make the Soap separate from the Water — That tome Kind of Alkali, and feme Kelp, or Substitute for Kelp, are both necessary for making Soap.

Your Committee then called Mr. Samuel,

Chymist and Druggist in London; who laid, He was not acquainted with Mr. Fords Method of separating the Alkali and Acid contained in Sea Salt — Thac he believes it to be a new Discovery, which has not been communicated to him — That he has seen some of Mr. Fordyces Alkali separated from Acid — That he

has examined it; and it appears to him to be the purest and cleared Mineral Alkali he ever law — That he has compared it with the purified or refined Barillia, and it is infinitely stronger and better — That in all the Barillia he ever has seen, there has been a Mixture of the Vegetable Alkali with the Mineral Alkali; but the Mineral Alkali, procured by Mr. Fordyce, is pure and unmixed — That he thinks it is about One-half superior to the refined Barillia, but cannot say how much to the common Barillia — That he speaks in his Comparison according to Weight — That he conceives it will be of more Advantage to the Manufactures in the same Proportion (for the Reufons he has already given) than any Bariliia — That Mr. s Alkali will,

in every Cafe, be applicable in Preference to Barillia, where Barillia is uied; viz. Bleaching, making fine Glass, and Soap; and, he supposes, in scouring Woollen Clothes — That he has seen Mr. Marine

Acid made from Sea Salt, and examined it, and thinks it is preferable to the Vitriolic in many Instances (not being so corrosive) particularly in Bleaching, and that it is peculiarly adapted for uniting Iron and Tin in Plates, which no other Acid can do — That he cannot say he has ever compared Mr. Ford) ce's Marine Acid with any other Acids formerly made from Sea Salt; but recollecting Experiments made with Spirit of Sea Salt, he is enabled to say, the Spirit made by Mr. Fordyce is stronger and finer than any he ever saw — That he never knew the Spirit of Sea Salt had been employed in Bleaching, or preparing Linen for Printing, until very lately — That formerly the practical Chymistswere at aids how to dispose of their iMarine Acid — that he has fold large Quantities at a Penny a Pound, and has thrown a great deal down the Kennel.

Mr. ljaacHarman being examined, laid, That he

had been employed in the Management of a C'allico Printing Manufactory for Mr. Watson and Mr. Nnfh *5 Years — That they were both dead, and that, he was now engaged for Mr. s Executors — That

they have used, ever since he has been so employed. Oil of Vitriol for prepairing the Linens for Printing — That he has made an Experiment with Mr.

Marine Acid for the above Purpose, against Oil of Vitriol, of equal Weight, upon the same Piece of Cloth, printed with the same Colours, and boiled in the same Madder; and that which was prepared with the Marine Acid became white sooner than that which was prepared with Oil of Vitriol, and the Colours were much stronger — That he would certainly use it in Preference to the other in any Work of his own, from what he knew of both, even it die Prices were equal, as the Circumstance of the Cloth becoming white looner would favc the Expence of Wages — That he found no Difference in the Experiment he made, in regard to the Damage of the Clodi — That he does not know the present Price of Oil of Vitriol, having used none for 1'omeTime; that it was 4 a Pound; but the Person said, the next Parcel he had would be 5 [d. — That he does not know the Price of the Marine Acid.

Then the Witness produced to your Committee, a Piece of Cloth whereon the above Experiment was made.

And he further said, That he could not say how long it is since the Experiment was made, but thinks, it to be within the last Two Months.

Your Committee then called Doctor James Sims, Physician in London; who informed them, He had made Chymistry Parc of his Study — That lie has seen feme of Mr. Fordyce's Alkali — That he had made an Experiment, to discover whether it is better or worse than the Spanish Barillia: and that it appeared to him

to be much superior — That the Acid is superior to any he has seen lately, and believes it to be superior to any he ever has seen — That he has combined them, and from them procured very fine and pure Salt — That it is his Opinion, that the Acid will, in Bleaching, and preparing Linen for Printing, answer better than the Vitriolic, because the Marine Acid seems more powerfully to dissolve the Substances they take out of Cloth in Bleaching than any of the other Acids — That he has read moll of the approved Books of Chymistry, and has heard Lectures upon the Subject — That he believes the Principle by which Mr. Fordyce separates the Acid and Alkali in Sea Salt, is a new Discovery, and that no one before him has separated the Acid and Alkali in such a manner as they shall be marketable Articles — That he apprehends the Discovery will, in all Probability, prove a great national Advantage, and that it was for that Ueafon he made the Experiment upon it — That lie has bought no Quantity of it — That he does not know any Price it has been fold for at Market — That he apprehends the Marine Acid and the Oil of Vitriol, employed in preparing Linen for Printing, are both corrosive alike — That if they are not properly diluted, they will be both corrosive.

Mr. ‘Thomas Williams being examined, said, That he lives with his Uncle, Mr. , who is a Callico

Printer, but he himself is not — That his Uncle does much Businessas a Callico Printer.

Then Mr. Fordyce produced to your Committee, a Letter dire died to himself, from Stephen Williams and C*, wrote by the Witness, but signed by the Witness’s Uncle; which Letter is as folio wet h:

Sir,

The Acid which you have supplied us with, and which you call your Marine Acid, answers so well in our Callico Printing Business, that we now use but little the Oil of Vitriol; of which, till wc began to make use of yours, we consumed a very considerable Quantity.

Sir,

Stratford, Your humble Servant,

23d February, 1780. Stephen Williams & G».

And the Witness further said, That his Uncle uftd no Oil of Vitriol; that he used Mr. s Marine

Acid in lieu of it, and that he prefers it to the Oil of Vitriol — That he does not know the present Price of Oil of Vitriol — That the Price of Mr. Ma-

rine Acid is 4 d.3 Pound — That Eight Months ago. Vitriol was 5 d.a Pound — And, That he believes the Price has since been raised — That he would give the Marine Acid the Preference if the Price of that and Vitriol were equal — That his Uncle uses a considerable Quantity.

Mr. George Rujfe/lbeing examined, said. That Three

Years ago he was in the Soap Trade — That he had paid in One Year to the Revenue for Soap made by him, between 12 and £. 13,000, which was between the 13th and 14th Part of the whole Duty paid on Soap in Great Britain — That lie has seen Mr. Fordyct's Alkali, and had made Trial of One Pound Weight of it, for the Purpose of making Soap; that it made

One*

20 Geo. III. 31 Ma§95

One-third more Soap than the Common Average of Barilha — That the Soap made with Mr. Fordyce's Alkali is equally as good as that which is usually obtained fron the heft Barillia — That it is applicable only to hard Soap — That the Soap made by Mr. Fordyce' s Aikah, is hard, firm, good Soap. — And being asked, it Mr. Fordyce should be able to bring a Quantity of h;s Alkali to Market, whether it will not prevent large Sums ot Mor.cy being sent out of the Kingdom to Foreigners for the Purchase of Barillia ? he fud, That depends upon the Price it can be brought to Market lor — That the lowelt Price he has known Barillia fold for, has been from 14-to £.15. per Ton — That he bought none hhnielt last Year; but it was upwards ot £.5'). a Ton. — And being asked, What are the Allies he prefers next to Barillia in the general Manufacturing of Soap? he laid, In the Hard Soap various Sorts of Pot Allies are used, but none are so applicable as Barillia — That great Quantities of Briiijli Kelp is made Pile o( as aSuhftirute for Barillia1, when it can be got; but when Barillia is dear, there is not a lutiicicnr Supply of that comes to Market. — And being asked, Whether he supposes Mr. Fordyce' s Alkali will supply the Place of Kelp in the Manufacture of Soap ? he laid. Certainly, if it will supply the Place of Barillia, it will supply the Place of Kelp — Kelp is only u'eil when Barillia is dear. — And being asked, If there was not a general Con-fumntion of Kdp in the Manufacture of Soap? he laid. Not in London; in Ireland they ule a great deal; and in some Places in the Country they ule Wood Allies — That Kelp is not used in making of Yellow Soap, unless Barillia is very dear, and then it is made Ule of with other Allies — That it is not necessary at all in the Manufacture of courier Soap, when Barillia is to be got at a moderate Price — That the general Average Price of Barillia is £ .23. a Ton — That Kelp in moderate Times is from 3 to £.4. a Ton, but now it is not under £.10. — And being asked, What Proportion of Kelp in Quantity it requires to make the same Quantity of Soap as Barillia ? he laid, He could not answer, as they never used it alone in London, but mixed it with other Allies, as there is not a sufficient Quantity of Alkali in it; but is principally used for its Marine Salt. — And being asked, If Kelp alone would make a marketable Soap? he laid, In Ireland some Soap is made of Kelp alone; but it does not do here, because they cannot afford the Expence of long Carriage — That he believes Mr. Fordyce's Alkali is equally good for making all Sorts of Hard Soap — The particular Use of Kelp in making Soap in London, is for its binding Quality and for separating the Lye.

Mr. Alexander Brown, Sonpmaker in C/erkemvell, being examined, said, He chiefly used Barillia in the making of Soap, and gave a Preference to it — That he has iecn some of Mr. Fordyce's Alkali, and made several Experiments on it. — And being asked, What he could afford to pay him for his Alkali, provided Barillia was at £.50. a Ton? he said. That he had nude a final] Boil from his Alkali, which he found to be very much preferable to Barillia — That it at Icaft makes double the Quantity of Soap, and therefore he would give double the Price, as it laves Labour — That he used 1 cwt. 3 qr. 131b. in the Boil — That if there was no Difference in the Price of Barillia and this Alkali, and £.\oo. laid out in Barillia would produce as much Soap as the same Sum laid out in Mr. Fordyce* Alkali, he would in this same use Mr. Fordyce's Alkali, because Two Men will make more Soap than Four will with Barillia. — And being asked. If the Alkali made equally good Soap with the Barillia? he said, He did not know there was any Difference in the Quality; but if there was any, that made with the Alkali has the Preference — That he looks upon it, that if Mr. Fordyce can make a sufficient Quantity of Alkali, we shall not want any Barillia at all, because Von. 37.

it will always be used in Preference — That he has known the Price of Barillia as low as £.16. a Ton — That he has known it has high as £.60; that it is at this Time £.46. — And being asked, Whether he knew any Thing that would answer the same Purpose in Soap-making that Barillia does, equally with Mr. Fordyce's Alkali ? he said, He had never fecn any Thing to be compared to it — That he put 8 cwt. 2 qr. of Tallow to the 1 cwt. 3 qr. 131b. of Alkali.- — And being asked, Why he supposes the Labour will be less in making Mr. Fordyce's Alkali into Soap than Barillia ? he said, Because it saves pounding, and many other Operations Barillia mull undergo — That he puts 7 cwt. of Barillia to a Ton of Tallow — That what Barillia he ever used was not of so good a Quality as that of the Alkali — That he used Kelp in the making of YeKow Soap, but he never found it worth the Labour and Expence.

Mr. Alexander Duncan, Clerk to Mr. Fordyce, being then called, said, He had been employed in Mr. For-dyce's Affairs almost Two Years — That Mr. Fordyce had communicated to him the Principle by which he separates the Alkali and Acid, which are contained in Sea and Rock Salt — That from the Knowledge he has of the Matter it is his Opinion that Mr. Fordyce could not carry on his Manufactures of Marine Acid and FoUil Alkali in England, was he subject to the Duties on Salt — That Mr. Ford)ce can make any Quantity of Acid and Alkali — That he thinks it is probable that some Money may be drawn from Foreigners, by the Exportation *f these Articles, because he has been present at the Delivery of some Marine Acid, and was told, that the Person who bought it was to fend it to a Foreign Market — That he cannot tell exactly what Quantity it was, but that it was several Hundred Weight, and that there were many Orders from the same House for more — That this was about 8 or 9 Months ago — That he has been in the North of England; was there Six Months, and came away lately. — And being asked, Whether he had had Access to learn any Thing of a Mr. King, Glass-maker, at Newcastle, who is said to make Birillia? he said. He had heard he makes a Substitute for Kelp, which is used as a Flux for common Green Gla-k — That he law One House that he has for the Purpose of making this Substitute — That it is laid, his Baruiia is fold for A3, a Ton.

Mr. Duncan being again called, informed your Committee, That he had often applied the Principle by which Mr. Fordyce obtains his Alkali, and produced to your Committee /some Specimens of it in Two Vials, and in Two Boxes, all which he said he was Witness to the making of from Sea Salt upon Mr. Frodyce's Principle. — And being asked, Whether all the Specimens (having such different Appearances) have the same Properties, and are applicable for the same Purposes ? he said. The Two Specimens in the Vials, and that in One of the Boxes, are applicable to the same Purposes — That the Reason of their different Appearances is from the different Manner of making. — And being asked, Whether those Three Specimens were all applicable to the making of Soap ? he said, He never attended the making ot Soap — That he knew Alkali of the same Kind had been sent to a Soap Maker, who said he had made Soap of it. — And being asked. Whether they were applicable in the making of Glass ? he said, He was not a Glass Maker.* — And being asked, If he knew, by any Chymical Proof, whether those Three Alkalies were the same Quality, so that if the One was useful in any Manufactory, the others mull necessarily be the same ? he laid, He was not bred to Chymiltry. — And being asked. If he knew whether Soap Makers have had/any of the Alkaii in the Box N° 1. and made Soap of it ? he said, He did not know — That Mr. Fordvce has made a considerable Quantity of Alkali, and he knew some had been lent to Mr. George Rujjell — That

he

Fordyce*

Mauufadory

,of

Marine Acid

F ordvcc’s Manufactory of

Marine Acid.

896 310 Maiu A. 1780.

he does not know any Was fold — 'That Mr. has

large Quantities of Materials by him for making Foffil Alkali, about 7 or 8 Tons — That the Witness has gone, through the whole Process for making Foffil Alkali — That there is no other Alkali in that now produced, but what is got from the Sea Salt alone.

Dr. Fordyce was again called, and being desired to look

at the Specimens produced, was asked, Whether he knew by any Chymical Examination or Proof, that those Three Alkalies marked N‘ 2, 3, and 4, were of the same Qualities, so that if One of them was useful in any Manufacture, the others must necessarily be the same ? he said, He had triad all the Alkalies made by his Uncle, and found that they may be used for the same Purpose.

Mr. Charles Wilson, of Gray's , informed your Committee, That he has been employed in Mr. -dyce's Elaboratary for the last 18 Months — That he was acquainted with the Manner in which Mr. obtains his Acid and Alkali from Sea Salt — That he him* self has made Alkali from it — That he has seen it made into Soap, Two Specimens of which Soap he produced to your Committee — That he has given both Soap-makers and Soapboilers some of the Alkali, and was privy to some being sent to Mr. Rvjfell — That he delivered some to a Mr. Brown, and to a Mr. (a

Boiler to a Mr. Bright.) — And being asked, What Use Mr. Atkinson made of it ? he said. Soap, as he informed him. — And being asked, If he had any Soap he made of it ? he said, He had and he produced to your Committee One Piece. — And being asked, If he ever had given any Soap he saw made, and assisted in making, to any Body to waffi with, or had converted with any Body who had used it ? he said. He had given some to the Person who washes for himself, and to the Woman who looks after his Chambers; and they told him it was more durable in Water than any they could buy, equally cleansing and efficacious in every Respect — That he had talked with another Waffier-woman about the Quality of it* who told him, it was superior to any (he had ever used, and that she waffied Thirty Shirts with One Piece of it, about a Pound, when Twenty took up a Pound of other Soap.

Your Committee understanding that a Reference had been made from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated 26th Apr 80, for their Opinion on Mr. For dyce's Proportion, they called for a Copy of the Answer given to the said Reference, to be laid before them, which they hereunto subjoin.

Cony of a Letter from the Board of Trade, dated 6th May 1780, on Mr. s Petitions.

Whitehall, May 6th, 1780.

Sir,

1 have, in tire Abtence of Mr. ,laid be-

fore the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, your Letter to him the 26th of , toge-

ther with Two Petitions of Alexander Fordyce, Esquire, and the several Papers therewith transmitted; and their Lordships have taken the same into Confederation. I have it now in Command to acquaint you, for the Information of the Lords Commissioners of His Ma-joliy’s Treasury, That mv Lords having examined into the Facts Rated in the said Petitions and Papers, and having been attended by the Petitioner, and several Persons, Chymists, Manufacturers, and others, in Support of the fame, it appeared from their Evidence, as well as from the Letters adduced of others skilled in the Subject,

That the Marine Acid prepared by the Petitioner may be applied in many Instances, by the Manufacturers to Purposes for which the Vitriolic Acid is at present used and with Advantage to the Manufactures.

It appeared in like Manner, that the Mineral or toffil Alkali, prepared by the Petitioner from Sea Salt,

1 9

will be applicable in the Manufactures of these kingdoms to all the Purposes which Barillia, Pearl Affi, Pot Affi, Weed Affi, and Kelp have been used; of these Kelp alone is produced in any great Quantity in these Kingdoms; the others being chiefly imported from Foreign Parts. It appeared also, that the Petitioner’s Alkali is much superior in its Quality to the others, and in a State of Preparation more convenient to the Manufacturers.

Their Lordships think, therefore, that the Utility of the Undertaking is established; and if it could be carried into such general Effect, as to become a Substitute for the Articles above mentioned* it would not only employ a considerable Number of Hands in a Work perfectly new in this Kingdom* but would prove a National Saving, and an additional Source of Public Wealth; as the Foreign Alkali imported, appeared to their Lordships from the Custom House Books, to have amounted of late Years to near £.350,000. a Year} and that from these Considerations, the Expediency of giving every reasonable Encouragement to the Petitioner, seems evident. How that Encouragement is belt to be given; whether in the exclusive Mode, and to the full Extent proposed by the Petitioner, muit ultimately be decided by the Wisdom of Parliament. And their Lordships conceive, that though the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury will certainly take into their serious Regard that Part of the Report of the Commissioners of the Salt Duties, which proposes a Taxon the Petitioner’s Manufacture, proport ionably equivalent to the Produce of the Duties paid upon the Importation of Foreign Alkalies, and which Amount to about £.11,116. a Year; it should on the other Hand be considered, how far an infant Undertaking of great Extent can bear such a Charge* whether the Encouragement proposed to be given, would not thereby be defeated j and also how far the Defalcation from the Revenue above mentioned, will be made good to the Nation by various Advantages obtained to the different Manufactures. That with respect to the present Produce of the Salt Duties it is evident, that it will not suffer any Decrease by the Exemption prat ed for in the Petitions, as the Salt to be used by the Petitoner in his Undertaking, would not otherwise be made or consumed.

The Revenue, therefore, cannot be effected, except by Frauds* against which their Lordships apprehend sufficient Precautions may be provided, e:tlier by adapting some or all of the Proposals made by Mr.

Fordyce to the Commissioners of the Salt Duties, or by other Regulations to be ascertained and adopted to that End.

I am, Sir,

Your mofl obedient and

Most humble Servant, (Signed)

John Robh/on,

Esquire.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Coa-federation of a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Thitr/day Morning next, rel’olve iiself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Foucteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. for " promoting the Discovery of a Method for finding the " Longitude at Sea so far as relates to the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making lelfer Discoveries for finding the fame, or making other useful Discoveries and improvements in Navigation, and to " the making of Experiments relating thereto."

The

Discovff?

ol the Longiunto

20 Geo. III. 31° Mali. — T Junii. 897

Importation The other Order of the Day being read for the Second Petitioner presumes will render it absolutely unfit for

Fnrf.ianT.ip/. fading of the Bill to alter the Duties upon Foreign any other Use or Manufacture. rorcigiiL^cc. , ._________ . . ir.__,_______________ jrv »__» Th.i _ r

Tliread Lace imported into this Kingdom;

Ordered That the said Bill be now read a Second

Time.

Then the Counsel against the Bill was called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of divers of the Manufacturers of and Dealers in, Bone Thread Lace, in Behalf of themselves, and of the Trade in general, was also read.

And the Counsel against the Bill, was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petition. And then lie was directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of James Keir is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand

39-

at.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Seven hundred and Eighty; without any Amendment:

' And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent " Debtors more equal and expeditious; and for regulating the Diligence of the Law by Arretlment and " Poinding; and for extending the Privilege of Bills to " PronmTory Notes, and for limiting Actions upon Bills " and Premiffory Notes, in that Part of Great " called without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon certain Goods imported into The Isle of Man and for better regulating the Trade, and securing the Revenues, of the said Island; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to admit to an Entry in this Kingdom, under certain Restrictions, Tobacco imported not directly from the Place of its Growth or Produce, and for granting an additional Duty on such Tobacco, during the present Hostilities; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Filteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for settling Buckingham House upon the Queen, in lieu of , and for

put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for ,h<Y«a,{i

Te'kr, for the Noe,.}

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Houre will, upon TaefJxv Morning next, resolve itself into a Cornmittee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Supply Bill, Exchequer Bills.

Scotland,

Insolvenc

Debtor.

Isle of Sian lm|0t

Duties.

Importation of Tobacco.

j

GZ'tS.

di.

e Junii

Anno 20® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1780.

Prayehi.

Buildings at Snmerkt House.

Manufactory A P ET IT ION of John Collifott was presented to the other Purpose, as enables the Commifiaoners of His

of 1\ House, and read; Setting forth. That the Peti- Majesty’s Treasury, to apply the Sums necessary for

Marine Acid, tioner observes, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been

presented from Alexander Fordyce, Esquire, alledging,

that he is polfctTed of a principal in Chymistry hitherto unknown, by the (kiliul Application of which, the Alkali and Acid contained in Sea Salt and Rock Salt are separated, and that the AciJ is found in many Cafes preferable to the Vitriolic, and the Alkali fu-per'ior in Value to the Barillia of Spain; and praying

ior Leave to bring in a Bill for an Exemption, for wife, of Copper in Sheets, or Copper in Bars, for a Time

>ld Duty on Salt, and for to be limited, under certain Regulations, was read a Se-

compleating Somerset House, out of the Aids granted for Naval Services, or cut of any of the Revenues arising from the Receipt of the several Offices to be creeled and established by virtue of the said Act; without any Amendment.

And then the Messeng^rs withdrew.

A Bill to re ft rain the Exportation, and carrying Couft-

Exportation of Coj per.

a Term of Years, from the ol a Drawback on the whole, or a Bounty equal to the new Duty on such Salt as he shall uie in the said Manufacture of Marine Acid, and fixed Foffil or Mineral Alkali; and reprAcnting to the House, That the Petitioner is possessed of a Process in Chymistry, by which fixed Foffil Alkali, and Marine Acid, are separated from Sea Salt, and, as he apprehends, in no Respect inferior to those ext rafted by the said Alexander Esquire,

and has also carried the same into Manufactory: And therefore praying. That he may be allowed the same Exemption and Drawback from the Duties on Salt as are prayed for by the said Alexander and that the said Exemption and Drawback may be allowed to all Persons concerned in the said Manufacture; and, left an Objection ihou'd be made to granting such Exemption and Drawback, that the Revenue may be defrauded, the Petitioner proposes that ho Salt may be used for the above Purpose until there shall first have been intimately mixed therewith \nt least One Eighth Part of Allutn or Green Copperas in Powder, to be found or paid lor by the Manufacturer, which shall be done in the prelen.ee of a proper Officer, and which the VuL.37.

cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bid be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tufa ay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the " Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, " for promoting the Discovery of a Metl od for (inking " the Longitude at Sen, so far as relates to the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making lelfer " Discoveries for finding the fame, or making other " useful Discoveries and improvements in Navigation, " and to the making of Experiments relating thereto," be now' read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

1 o T Ordered,

Di fen very f the Longitude.

898 i ° Junii. A. 1780.

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been issued by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering " more effectual an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year " of the Ileign of His present Majesty, for promoting the Discovery of a Method for finding the " Longitude at Sea, so far as relates to the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making lesser Discoveries " for finding the fame, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and to the " making of Experiments relating thereto," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee^ That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; -A Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties Duties on ’ upon Starch and Hair Powder imported, and upon Sind), &c. Starch made in Great , and upon Sweets, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

RefAved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ppon the said Bill.

Supply. Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read j and are as followed; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Eight hundred and Sixty-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the feme, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of and

other incidental Expences attending the feme, from the Twenty-fourth Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Nine hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of West , and other inci-

dental Expences attending the fame, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and 0.0

Seventy-nine, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand One hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Island of Saint John in America, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, to the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred and Thirty-two Pounds, Five Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Y’ear One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House, for the Year One thoulancl Seven hundred and Eighty; and that the said Sum be issued and paid without any Deduct ion whatsoever.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Original Plans and Drawings of the Buildings»; Buildings ereftingat Somerset House, which were presented to the House upon the 3d Day of May last, be returned to Sir fViUiasn Chambers,

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to OB,‘ consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followerh; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One Million Eight hundred Forty-nine thousand Five hundred and Forty-two Pounds One Shilling and Eleven Pence Three Farthings, out of fetch Monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of One Million Nine hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, to be exchanged and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fourteen thousand Four hundred and Five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence, being the Amount of several Sums arising from Stoppages for Provisions for the Detachment of Artillery serving in North America, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the * extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred

between

20 Geo. III. i"Junii. 899

between the Thirty-first Day January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine and the First Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen Pounds Seven Shillings and Four Pence, out of the Monies or Savings remaining of the Grant in this Session of Parliament, for the Charge of the New Levies ordered to be raised for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, and the First Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Thirteen thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds Seven Shillings and Four Pence, arising from the Savings of the Sums voted by Parliament for the Pensions of Widows of Officers of the Army, in the Years One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, and One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, and the First Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, out of the Savings (occasioned by Death and Promotions) of the Half Pay of Reduced Officers of the Army, from the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven to the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, towards defraj ing the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, and the First Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-eight thousand Three hundred Pounds, being the Amount of the Sums ordered to be referred in the Hands of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, out of the Monies voted for the Subsistence of an Augmentation to sundry Regiments of Foot in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant of the Twentieth ot April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, authorising such Deductions, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine and the First Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied tire Sum of Ten thousand Five hundred and Six Pounds Five Shillings and Two . Pence Farthing, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Sum granted out of the Supplies for the Vol. 37.

Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty, towards making good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine, being part of the Sum provided for paying the Arrears of the Marine Regiments that were disbanded in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, which, by an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was granted for building a Lazaret.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such of the Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer after the Fifth Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Eight)', and on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, of the Produce of the Duties charged by Two Acts, made in the Fifth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum and Gum

Arabic, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, the Lord Westcote, the Lord Palmerflon, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Resolutions which, upon the Thirteenth Day of April last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth;

V Resolved, That, towards railing the Supply granted to " His Majesty, there bt issued and applied the Sum of Six " hundred and Fifty thousand Four hundred and Fifty — " seven Pounds Eighteen Sniffings and One Farthing, " remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the " Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arilen of the Surpluses, " Excelfes, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues " composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking " Fund."

" Resolved, That, towards railing the Supply granted " to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Twentyfive thouiarid Five hundred and Sixty Pound?, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the " Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty, of the Deductions of Six Pence in the " Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, " Pensions, and Annuities, and other Payments from " the Crown, after satisfying all Annuities and other " Charges then due and payable out of the fame."

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted " to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Three " thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one Pounds " Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence. Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the " Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty, subjetft to the Disposition of Parliament, " exclusive of the Surplus Monies then remaining of " the Sinking Fund."

Ordered, That it be an Ttiftrudion to the Gentlemen who ate appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bill?, pursuant to the Resolutions this Day reported from

Ways and

Mctai,

Ditto,

900 i* — 2° Junii. A. 1780.

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions now read.

Message The Lord North acquainted the House, That he

Kiria'' a Meftage from His Majesty to this House,

AmivExiras. ^>gnetl by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, relying on the experienced Zeal, and Affection of His faithful Commons, and considering that in this critical Conjuncture Emergencies may arile, which may be of the utmost importance, and be attended with the most dangerous Consequences, if proper Means should not be immediately applied to prevent or defeat them, is desirous that this House will enable Him to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military or Ordnance Services, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, and to take all such Mca-lures as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

R.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That His Majesty’s said Most Gracious Meftage be referred to a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went firth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j Tellers for the Noes, J

Mr. de Grey Mr. Ord:

Lord George Sir George Yotige:

So it was refblved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfell into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty’s laid Most Gracious Meftage into Consideration.

Chatham An ingrossed Bill to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Pock. Tenements, and Hereditament?, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Dock, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty’s Dock, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Sutton do carry the Bill to 'the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the " Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India " as in Europeas hath expired in the Course of the

present Year; and for indemnifying the said Company for any Money they have paid, or may pay, in or about the Building of Three Snips of the Line for the Service of the Public.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itfeli’ into a Commit-Committee of the whole House, to consider further of fionmot I the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to 1

examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the '

Kingdom; and to report what' Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the !

Public Service; and what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for. Public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated, and carried on lor the Benefit of the Public.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee. That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when tire House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ti e other Order of the Dav being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Extendirg whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend the the several Acts for securing the Freedom of Parlia- Qs-l;Sra>'«« ment, by farther extending the Qualification for Mem- 01 ^eu*>n5‘ bers to fit in the House of Commons, and for rendering the same more effectual, was committed, be taken into further Consideration, upon next, at

Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House, having continued to (it till after Twelve of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Verterisy 2°;

Territories of the East India Company.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, for a further Time to be limited, and

under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in The East Indies; and for reviving and continuing, for a further Time to be limited, lo much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the " better Management of the Affairs of the East India " Company, as well in India as in ," as hath expired in the Course of the present Year, was read the Third Time.

ReJoJved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, for a further Time, and under certain Condition?, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in The East Indies; and for reviving and continuing, for a further Time, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His pre-20

Anno 20° Georgii III'" Regis, 1780.

Praters.

rpHE House being informed that a large and tu- Riotma A multuous Crowd had filled the Lobby and Paf- Crowd in tf* sages leading to the House; Lobby‘

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the Magistrates of the City and Liberty of Westminster <\o forthwith attend this House.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Petition of His Majesty’s loyal Protestant Sub- Ptnii^ jests of the Town and County of Never a file upon Tyne, and its Environs, being offered to be presented to the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

That the said Petition be brought up.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Pc-

20 Geo. III.

Junii,

901

London Pent!.)'’ a;»ainst (|ie Catholics.

A Petition o: His Majesty's Ioyu.1 Protest.mt Subjects of the Cities of London and Westmin'icr, Borough of -mark, and their Environs, was pi dent eel to the House, and read; Setring forth, That the Petitioners, sensiblcuf the many Blcftings which, as Protestants and they

enjoy, cannot but be alarmed at an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-jeliy, repealing certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on the Papills by a Statute, enacted in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of William the Third, for further preventing the Growth of Popery} and it is with the dec pelt Concern that they petition this honourable House again if a Law which has already received the Koya! A (Tent; but, as this Act was lb suddenly introduced, and (o hastily passed, before the Scnfe of the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

And a Motion being marie, and the Question being proposed, That this House do now resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, to considerof the said Petition;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn }

It pallid in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put, That this House do now resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof the said Petition}

The House divided.

The Yeas were directed to go forth.

But the Yeas not being able to go forth, on Account

Nation at large couid be obtained, or any Oppoli l ion of the tumultuous Crowd in the Lobby}

formed against it, they are encouraged to hope that this Application will not prove too late for Redrels} and that, notwithstanding the late Act might be intended to repeal only detached Parts of a linple Statute, the Petit icners conceive, that it is an abffihite Repeal of the most efTcntiiil Clauses in tint SiatuU, and util operate virtually to render those Acts against the Papills that a.e yet unrepealed of none Edict; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the P.ipiits centime the late Indulgence of Rariianunt to ha a Toleration of Pupery, as appears by the ATafs Houses and Schools which they are opening throughout the Kingdom, and by their printing Popish Bonks, and puhiiciy exposing them to Sa c; and that Popish Biiliops, PnVis J iuits,

and w h are ana

nftions,

Schoolmasters, now oneniv exercise their Fu

the rifr.g Generation, d into Superstition, Idolatry

rebv th in D

People, gcr ot heir.2

especially

Rebellion; and that Papists can now purchase what Lands pTafe, and

Tenements, or Hereditaments, they nherit the feme; that they will thereby influence our Elections in fu:ure Parliaments, and that this mu ft tend to the Destruction ot our happy Confutation; and that as Papists can now, by legal Authority, confcfs the Ecclesiastical or Spiritual Jurialiciion of the Pope and See of Rowe, which our Liws, before tire pahhigof the late Act, have constantly diia-vowed, the Petitioners are very much ala.med left they should be involved in the Guilt of Perjury, when called to declare upon Oath, " That no Foreign Prince, Person, Prelate, State, or Potentate, hath any Jurisdiction or Authority, EcckTiastical or Spiritual, " in this Realm and that Popery is in its Nat ure

And the Serjeant at Arms attending this House having informed the House, that it was not in his Power to clear the Lobby;

Mr. Speaker directed him to fend for the Sheriff and other Migiftiutes of the County of Middlesex and City of Westminsterto attend the House immediately.

And after some Time, several Justices of the Peace of MidJidjex and Westminster attending accordingly, they were called in; 4nd, at the Bar, Mr. Speaker informed them, that a tumultuous Assembly ot People had surrounded the House, and rendered it very difficult'for the Members to come into or go out of the House, which Disorder had continued for niany Hours; that it was their Duty to preserve the Peace; and for that Purpose they had Authority to call forth, if necessary, the whole Power of the County to their AiTiftance: <Mr. Speaker therefore directed them to use their utmost Exertions to restore Peace and good Order.

And then they withdrew.

And the House, after'some Time, being informed that the Lobby was cleared;

The Yeas went forth.

Lord' George Gordon,

Mr. Alderman Bui/:

The Yeas unable to go forth on account of the Crowd.

The Sheriff ordered to attend: and to exert himself to restore Order.

Tellers for the Yeas.

a

T „ c .1 -v- \ Sir

rollers for the Noes,}Mr

The Lobbf is cleared and the Yea« go forth.

I92.

intoleiant, in a Protestant Country leditious, and in this Kingdom dill fleeted to the prelim Reigning Family, ar d therefore to encourage it tends to the Subver-fion of the State, to dethrone the King, and to let an Jc the Succession of the iilultri >us House of Hunover to the Crown of this Kingdom; and that as EngLmd and Scotland are united, the Petitioners cannot but think it a Hard ill ip upon the People of England, to have Popery countenanced among them by Law, when their Brethren in Scotland have been officially allured, that no Law shall be made to favour Popery in that Country; and the Petitioners preiume, that their peaceable Deportment, and the Constitutional Steps they have taken to obtain Redrels, will meet the Approbation of this honourable House; and that the Petitioners do not do lire to pedicure the Papists, but to preserve thcniselves and their Posterity from a Repetition of tho'.l rebellious and bloody Semes which Popery, under Pretence of promoting the Interest of the Church, has exhibited in these Kingdoms: Wherefore, to preserve the Succession of the illustrious House of Hanover in the Protestant lane, and to secure our Civil and Religious Liberties against the Incroachments of Popery to the latest Pollerity, the Petitioners humbly pray. That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill to repeal the Act lately passed in favour of the Papills.

Vol. 37.

So the Question passed in the Negative.

Rt j'olved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn*

ing next, resolve itlcif into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Refo/ved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till ‘Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of His Majesty’s loyal Protestant Sub* jests of the Town and County of Nezvcaftk upon Tyne and its Environs, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the feme Allegations and Prayer as the Petition of His Majesty’s loyal Protestant Subjects of the Cities of London and Borough of

Southwark, and their Environs.

Ordered, That' the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of his Majesty’s loyal Protestant Subjects of the Cities of London and Borough of Southwark, and their Environs, is referred.

Adjourn.

mem.

Petition ajain.'t the Romad Catholics.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poll'd. That the Magistrates be again called in, to give an Account of Means they made use of to disperse the Multitude!

A Motion was made, and the Question being put* That the Orders of the Day be now read;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Third Year of

io U the

Motion for ti e JW;,g a rdies Co attend again.

Voting of octiliooai Frteuxn.

902

6° Junii.

A. 1780.

Duties on Pofl Hones.

Discovery of the Longitude.

Supply Bifl Duties 011 Starch, &c.

Mefface.

from the Kins: to be ,<ojifidered.

Cammi (Toners of

|Hib lie Accounts.

Supply Bill;

I induce Uiih.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An A«5t. " to prevent occasional Freemen from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and " Boroughs;"

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons " letting Horses to hire, for travelling in the Manner " therein mentioned; and certain Duties on all Horses " let to hire for the Purposes of travelling Post, and " by Time; and upon certain Carriages therein mcn-

tinned," and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee,

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act nude in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more efl'ectual an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty* for promoting the 41 Discovery of a Method for finding the Longitude " at Sea, l'o far as relates to the Encouragement and " Reward of Persons making lefi'er Discoveries for

finding the ' fame, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and to the " making of Experiments relating thereto;"

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon day Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Starch and Hair Powder imported, and upon Starch made in Great Britain, and upon Sweets;

Resolved, That this House will, upon IFedr.efday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblvc itself into a Committee of the whole House to take into Confederation His Majesty’s most Gracious Messageof Yesterday;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

Which Motion was, with Leave the House, withdrawn.

Re/hived. That this Iloufo will, upon ’Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itlelfinto the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service; and what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for, Public Money; and in wlrat more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on, for the Benefit of the Public, was committed, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Sir Grey Cooper, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty; And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper have leave to make a Motion, it being Eleven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 6° die "Junii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

jpESOLFED, Nemine Contradicente, That it is a gross

Breach of the Privilege of this House, for any Person rrrpwtii to obstruct and insult the Members, of this House in the Infufooilerci coming to, or going from, the House, and to endeavour 10 VIe;nbt:r*

£> 7 O „ CODlIMrrO

to compel the Members, by Force, to declare themselves the House. in favour of or against any Proportion then depending, or expected to be brought, before the 1 louse.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the taking Pof-section of the Lobby and the Avenues to this House, on Friday last, by a large and tumultuous Aftetnbly of People, and maintaining the fame, to the great Obstruction of the Buftnefi of this House, though frequently desired by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and by several Members, to withdraw, was an high Violation of the Privileges of tin's House, tended to controll! the Freedom of Debate, and was a gross and notorious ln-iuit on the Dignity and Constitution of Parliament.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Attorney General, forthwith to prosecute all inch Persons as shall be found to have been the I.nftigarors or Abetters of, or active in promoting, the Riots and Tumults that were on Fridry last in O'd Palace Yard, and the

Avenues to this House, and that were concerned in any of the Outrages committed upon the Houses and Chapels of any of the Ministers from Foreign States, or in any Outrages against the Property and Houses of any of His Majesty’s Subjects.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be gra-cioully pleased to give immediate Directions, that an Enquiry be made into the Amount of the Damages occasioned by the Outrages which have been committed upon the Houses and Chapels of any of the Ministers from Foreign States; and humbly to desire His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order such Satisfaction and Recompence to be made for the same as His Majesty in His Wisdom (bail think proper; and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good the Expence that shall be incurred on that Account.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to enquire into the Causes of the Riot in the Lobby and Avenues leading to this House on Fridalaft, and the particular Circumstances that attended the fame.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Roller, Sir James Laroche, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all, who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

Resolutiou rei’of Cling the Rio>s in the Lobby.

Addrefj for the ProsecutiOft of Rioters in Palace Yard, 5c c*

Address

for

Comp .*nf.\t on to Foreign Ministers for Damage done their Houses, Scc.

Committee

of Inquiry into the Riots in the Lobby.

Resolved, That this House will, as soon as the Tumults subside that are now subsisting, proceed immediately

Resolufion co consider Petitions when the Turn ilti fublidc.

20 Geo. III.

6° — 8° — 19° Junii.

9°3

diate'y to the due Consideration of the several Petitions prtlenred to this House, from many of His MajestyV Protestant Subjects, and will take the same into their serious Deliberation.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itlelt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of His Majesty’s loyal Pro-tellant Subjeiff s of the Cities of and

Borough ot Southwark and their Environs, be now read.

And the faiii Order being read accordingly;

Refdued., That this House wilt, upon Thursd.iy Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

London

IVriiI n r^iinit the Catiiouu*.

The King’s

ro be voiuulered.

Re?nIar;ri'T

Hi, MajKty’, Civil ' l^Lblilhinents.

AVnrehoufind Oi COiTl,

Ford' C'*’s . r i(ft; y ot

Mat ine Acid

Impora'ion

of

Foreign Lace.

Exportation ui Copper.

Voting of OvC lionai Eitemen.

Discovery of the Longitude.

Com mini aoei'S

of

Pubic

Accounts.

other Orders of tTie Day being read;

Rest/ved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious M ff'gc of ThursJay l:\ft.

R'foheJ, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty *s Civil Establish-menrs, ar»«! of certain Public Offices; for the Limitation ot Pensions an.i the Supprdlion of iundry use-le!s evpenfl\e, and inconvenient Places; and for applying the M »nus laved thereby, to the Public Service, Rd/Jve<I, That this House will, upon Thursday M -rnioor n. resolve itlcif into a Committee of the whole H uh, up»n the Bill to repeal so much of an Ac\ n-ade in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate " the Importation and Exportation of Corn/’ as re-latec to t’ e 'Vartlvmling of Corn.

Peo/vtJ, That this House will, upon Thursday M rm-g next, re'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was mi le from the Commuter, to whom the Petition of Alexander Fordxce, of Harley Street, Ca*iendish Square, Esq-dre, was referred. 1

Rcfnhcd. That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to alter the Duties upon F^r ign Thread Lace imported into this Kingdom.

Ri/ohedy That this House will, upon Thursday Moinine: next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House. Upon the Bill to restrain the Exportation, and carrying Coastwise of Cop|>er in Sheets, or Copper in Bars, for a Tims to be limited, under certain Regulations.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to 4t prevent occasional Freemen from voting at Elections " of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Ck Boroughs," be read a Second Time upon Thursday M >r ;t:g next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of tly. v/hT H uifc, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His prUcnt Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering " nivie effechual an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year " oi' th~ Reign >{ His present Majesty, for promoting " the Dilc< very of a Method for finding the Longitude " at Sea, lo far as relates to the Encouragement and " Reward of Persons making lesser Discoveries for " find inti the fame, or making other useful Dccoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and to the making c< of Experiments relating thereto," be received upon T.wjdny M -rniPg next.

O dered, Trat the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, Vol. 37.

Adjourn-

ment.

Moftlry

Inclosure.

which may be applied to the Public Service; and what

Defeats there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, ilFuing, and accounting for Public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public, was committed, be received upon Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till ‘Thursday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 8° die Junii;

Anno 20° Georgii IIltU Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

JD£ SOLVED, Nemine Contradicente, That this House do now adjourn till Monday Sevennight.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Monday Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Instant June,

Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Lun<Zy 190 die Junii;

Anno 20° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Hen and Mr. Bickncll:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A<5V for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of otherwise ley, in the Parish of Campfall; and also the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kirk , in the

West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: and also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Hamlet of Mile End New Towin the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex; for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Open Passages and Places, within the said Hamlet, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for consolidating the Highway Rates with other Rates within the said Hamlet; and for paving and regulating Great Garden in the

Parish of Saint Mary Matfellon, otherwise in the said County, and removing a Bar now {landing across the fame, and other Nuisances and Annoyances, therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; without any Amendment.

And then the Mefl'engers withdrew.

The Lord North informed the House, That he was Apprehension

commanded by His Majesty to acquaint this House, of Lord that His Majesty has caused the Right honourable Lord G.Gordon George Gordon, a Member of this House, to be appre- Treason. hended, and committed, for High Treason.

t

Resolved, That an Humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for communicating to this House the Rcifon for which His Majesty has caused the Right honourable Lord George Cor dot, a Member of this House, to be apprehended and committed.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of Hi*

Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The Lorth North presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Three

M:le End Poor.

9°4

19° Junii.

A. 1780.

Trod* motions Three printed Proclamations dated St, James's, the

for the £th, 7th, and 9th Days of this Instant Jane. wf the ifiots Copies of which Proclamations are as follow;

By the KING.

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE R.

Whereas it hath been represented to Us, That a great Number of Persons, in consequence of Advertisements or Hand Bills, inciting them thereto, did, on last the Second of this Instant >v,e, alienable in a riotcms and tumultuous Manner in Saint George's in the County of Surrey, from whence they proceeded in several Bodies to Palace Yard, surroundtd both Houses of Parliament, and pofi'efted themselves of the Avenues to the same (the said Houses of Parliament being then fitting) where they continued in a riotous and tumultuous Manner, committing great Outrages and Violence against several of Our Subjects, and feloniously taking Money from them; after which, in the Evening of the same Day, they insulted and attacked the Houses or some of the public Ministers of Foreign Princes and States, residing at Our Court, and broke into, spoiled, and let Fire to Chapels, which in every civilized Country are allowed to such Public Ministers far the free Exerciseof the Religion of their Country, to the great Scandal and Offence of all truly pious and good Protestants; We therefore, in Order that the Reproach of lo frantick and atrocious an Outrage against the Precepts of Religion, as well as the Obligations of all Laws, may not remain a Disgrace to our Kingdom, but may be confined to the Authors, Abettors, and Perpetrators of the said Outrage, and that they may be brought to speedy and condign Punishment, and that l'uch dangerous and wicked Practices may hereafter be prevented, have thought fit, by and with the Advice of Our Privy Council, to publish and declare Our Resolution to put the Laws in Force against Inch Offences: and We do hereby enjoin and require all Justices of the Peace, Sheriffs, Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, and all other Our loving Subjects, to be aiding and assisting to the utmost of their Power in supprtffing such illegal and tumultuous Assemblies, and in detecting, apprehending, and bringing to Justice the Persons concerned in allcmbling or mitigating the fame, and guilty of any of the Violences above-mentioned: And for the better Detection of the Persons who were concerned in the Outrages committed at the Houses of the said Public Ministers, We are graciously pleased to promise, that if any Person shall discover any other Person or Persons who, directly or indirectly, were concerned in pulling down, or beginning to pull down, or in setting Fire to the Chapel of any Public Minister, lb as that t he Pertonor Persons discovered may be prosecuted for the lame, such Discoverer shall have and receive, as a Reward, upon Conviiftion of such Offender or Offenders, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and alfoOur Gracious Pardon for the said Offence in case the Person making such Discovery shall himself be liable to lac prosecuted for the lame, except the Person who first broke into, or began to pull down or let Fire to the said Chapels. And the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of Our Exchequer are hereby required to make Payment accordingly of the said Rewards.

Given at Our Court at St. James's, the Fifth Day of June, One Thousand Seven hundred and l'.ighty, in the Twentieth Year of Our Reign.

God save the King.

By the KIN G.

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE R.

W Jicrcas a great Number of disorderly Persons have afteinh'cd themselves together in a riotous and tumultu-

ous Manner, and have been guilty of many Acts ofTrea-lon and Rebellion, having made an AlFault on the Gaol of Newgate, set loose the Prisoners confined therein, and let Fire to and destroyed the said Priforr: And whereas Houses are now pulling down in several Parts of our Cities of London and H'ejlniiujler, and Liberties thereof, and Fires kindled for consuming the Materials and Furniture of the fame, whereby it is become absolutely necessary to ule the moil effectual Means to quiet such Disturbances, to preserve the Lives and Properties of Individuals and to restore the Peace of the Country: We therefore, taking the same into our moil serious Consideration, have thought fit, by and with the Advice of Our Privy Council, to ifi’ue this Our Pioyal Proclamation, hereby strictly charging and exhorting all Our loving Subjects to preserve the Peace, and to keep themselves, their Servants and Apprentices, quietly within their respective Dwellings, to the End that all well-disposed Persons may avoid those Mif-cliiefs which the Continuance of such riotous Proceedings may bring upon the Guilty: And as it is nccei-fary, from the Circumstances before-mentioned to employ the Military Force, with which we are by Law entrulled, for the immediate Suppression of such rebellious and traiterous Attempts, now making against the Peace and Dignity of Our Crown, and the Safety of the Lives and Projxuties of Our Subjects, We have therefore issued the most direct and effectual Orders to all Our Officers, by an immediate Exertion of their utmost Force to reprels the lame, of which all Pei ions are to take Notice.

Given at our Court at St. Jameses, the Seventh Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, in the Twentieth Year of Our Reign.

God save the King.

By the KING.

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE R.

Whereas a great Number of Dilbrderly Persons have for several Days past assembled themselves together, in a riotous and tumultuous Manner, and have been guilty of many Acts of Treason, Rebellion, and Felony, having formed Deilgns to break open and destroy the Gaols and Pnions, and ro set loolc the Prisoners confined therein, and having actually broke into and set on Fire the Gaol of Newgate, the King's Bench Prison, and the Prison of The Fleet, and released the Prisoners, anti made Attempts on other Gaols and Prisons in and about this Metropolis; and having set Fire to and pulled down the Dwelling Houses of divers of Our peaceable Subjects, and also set Fire to, burnt anu cie-stroyed, the Materials thereof, and the Furniture and other Effects found therein; and also taken Money from divers of Our Subjects: Wc therefore, taking the same into Our most serious Consideration, have thought fit, by and with the Advice of Our Privy Council, to publish and declare Our Resolution, That the Authors, Abettors, and Perpetrators of the said Offences be prosecuted asexpeditioully as may be, according to the due Course of Law; and We do hereby enjoin and require all Justices of the Peace, Sheriffs, Mayors, Bailiffs Constables and all other Our loving Subjects, to be aiding and assisting to the utmost of their Power in detecting, apprehending, and bringing to Justice, the said Offenders. And We are graciously pieaied to promise, that if any Person shall discover any other Person or Persons who are guilty cf any of the said Offences, so as that the Person or Persons discovered may be prosecuted for the lame, l'uch Discoverer shall have and receive, as a Reward, upon Conviction of such Offender or Offenders, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and also Our Gracious Pardon for the said Offence, in case the Person making such Discovery shall himself be liable to be prosecuted for the fame. And the Corn

missioners

20 Geo. III. 19° Junii;

9°5

i-;.

'j.

nii{Tinners for executing the Office of Treasurer of Our Exchequer are hereby required to make Payment accordingly of the said Rewards.

Given at our Court at the Ninth Day

of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, in the Twentieth Year of Our Reign.

God iave the King.

Ordered, That the said Proclamations do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Bitliop’s Cattle Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Ceiling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bid of’s in the County of Salop, in the room of Alexander Ltquire,

n^w Lord Chief j office of his Majesty’s Court of Common Pleas at P/eftminfer.

Arcl.blfliop Air. Charles Tozanfhcndreported from the Committee, ot" j to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Percent' Art for vesting in Trustees the Capital Messuage, Croydon, with the Appurtenances, at Croydon, in the County of Surrey, known by the Name of The Palace of the Arch-biylop of Canterbury, and Two Clofls near thereto adjoining, in Tru'l, to leh the fame; and for disposing of and applying the Money to arile thereby, and receive on Account of the Dilapidations thereof, and other Money, in the Manner and for t he Pur >ofcs therein mentioned, was committed; Thar the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And Notice being taken, that his Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the said Bill;

Tiie Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Maj, By, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con font, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think Tit.

Then the said Bill was read the Tiiird Time.

Resolved, Tint the Bill do pits.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles do carry the

Eill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House had agreed to the fame, without any Aniend- rnent.

Saltash Writ Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for

l he elect in of a Burgess to feme in this indent Parlia-

O O 1

nient for the Borough of in the County of

Cornwall, in the room of Henry S true lev, Ltquire, who; fmee ids Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or BaiiiiT of His Majesty’s Tfirce CLiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and

in the County of Buckingham.

Royal A (Tent A M eft age from His Majesty, by Sir Francis ~]\Ic!y-

to Bills. must, Gentleman Lllier of the Black Rod.; .

Air. Speaker, ->

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleated to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty:

An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional VOL. 37.

Duties upon certain Goods imported into The Isle of Man, and for better regulating the Trade, and securing the Revenues, of the said Island: 1

An A.d to admit to an Entry in this Kingdom, under certain Re ft rid ions, Tobacco imported not directly from the Place of its Growth or Produce, and for granting an additional Duty on such Tobacco, during the pretent Hostilities:

An Act to explain an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the Militia;" and to declare valid and e fie dual the swearing-in, and Inrolment of Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, in Cales where all the Provisions of the several Acts now in being relative thereto, have not been observed; and to indemnify Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and Jufdces of the Peace, for their Proceedings therein respectively; to declare valid and effectual the Commissions granted by Deputy Lieutenants, in the Absence of the Lieutenant of any County out of the Kingdom, to Officers commanding Volunteer Companies; and to indemnify Deputy Lieutenants and Officers'who have granted or acted undep such Commissions; and to enlarge the Powers of Deputy Lieutenants in certain Cafes:

An Act to repeal (0 much of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for (ettlir.g Buckingham House upon the Queen, in lieu of Somerset Hcifc, and for other Purposes, as enables the Commit sioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to apply the bums neccftary for comp, eating out of the

Aids granted for Naval Services, err out of any of the Revenues arifir.g from the Receipt of the several Offices to be creded and established by virtue of the said Act;

An Act to continue an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for rendering the Payment of the Creditc-s of Insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious; and for regulating the Diligence oi the Law " by Arrestment and Poinding; and for extending the " Privilege 01 Bills to Promissory Notes; and for " limiting Actions up-'n Biiis and Promissory Notes, in " that Part of Great Britain called

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Hamlet of Mile End New Town, in the Parish of ptepney, in the County of Mi dale [ex; for

paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and uiher Open Railages and Places, within the said Hamlet, and removing Nunances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for conflidating t-he Highway Rates with other Rates within the said Hamlet; and for paving and regulating Great Garden Street, in the Parish of Mary Mat. feller, otherwile Whitechapel, in the iaid County, and removing a B ir now Handing across the fame, and other Nuifauces and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future:

An Act for rendering effectual an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands within the Manor of Whittingin the County of Salop:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Fen Lands, Lammas iVJeadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Fouit/en, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing the Park of Pontefract in the County of York’.and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and incloting die Commons and Wale Grounds within the Township of otherwise Mofeiey, in the Parish of Campj all, and a'ilo the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kirk Bramwith, Tn the West Riding of the County of York.

906 i 90 JuniL 1780.

Mr. Speaker also reported, That His Majesty was afterwards pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Outrages committed by Bands of lawless and desperate Men, in various Parts of this Metropolis broke forth with such Violence into Acts of Felony and Treafbn, had so far overborne all Civil Authority, and threatened so directly the immediate Subversion of all legal Power, the Destruction of all Property, and the Consulion of every Order in the State, that I found Myself obliged, by every Tie of Duty and Affection to My People, to suppress, in every Part, those rebellious Insurrections, and to provide for the Public Safety, by the most effectual and immediate Application of the Force intruded to Me by Parliament.

I have directed Copies of the Proclamations issued upon that Occasion, to be laid before you.

Proper Orders have been given for bringing the Authors and Abettors of these Insurrections, and the Perpetrators of such criminal Acts, to speedy Trial, and to such condign PunUhrrsent as the Laws of their Country prescribe, and as the Vindication of Public Justice demands.

Though I trust it is not necessary, yet I think it right at this Time, to renew to you My solemn Assurances, that I have no other Object but to make the Laws of the Realm, and the Principles of our excellent Constitution, in Church and State, the Rule and Measure of My Conduit; and that I shall ever consider it as the first Duty of My Station, and the chief Glory of My Reign, to maintain and preserve the established Religion of My Kingdoms, and, as far as in Me lies, to secure and to perpetuate the Rights and Liberties of My People.

Resolved, Nernine Contradicente, That an humble Ad-

drefe be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the humble Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne; and for the Communication which His Majesty has been pleased to make to this House, of the Proclamations issued during the late most dangerous and alarming Disturbances.

That we think it our indif'penlable Duty, to exprefe, in the strongest Terms, our Abhorrence of the Proceedings of those tumultuous Assemblies, and of the criminal Acts of Outrage and Violence committed by those desperate Bands of Men, and our highest Indignation against the Authors, Promoters, and Perpetrators of them; and to acknowledge, with the warmest Emotions of Gratitude, Duty, and Affection, His Majesty’s Paternal Care and Concern for the Protection of His Subjects, in the Measures which His Majesty, as the Father of His People, and the Guardian of the Public Safety, took, in the Hour of extreme and imminent Necessity, for the immediate and effectual Suppression of those rebellious Insurrections.

That we learn, with Satisfaction, that proper Orders have been given for bringing the Offenders to speedy Trial, and to such Punishment as, upon Conviction of their Crimes, the Laws prescribe, and the Vindication of Public Justice certainly demands.

That although the constant Tenor of His Majesty’s just and constitutional Government made a Renewal of His Majesty's Royal Assurances to His Parliament unnecessary, yet we cannot but receive, with great Thank-fulness, lb signal a Mark of His Majesty’s Gracious Attention; and we beg Leave, on our Part, to assure His Majesty, that this condefccnding and endearing Declaration cannot fail of securing to His Majesty, in the Hearts of His People, the most affectionate Returns of Confidence, Attachment, and Support.

»7

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Secretary at War, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Lord George Germain, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Cornwall, the Earl Nugent, Mr. Comptroller of the Household, Sir George Hozvard', Mr. the Lord

W ej(Icote, Mr. de Grey, General Conway, the Lord merfton, Mr. Macdonald, the Lord Norths Mr. Ellis,

Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey , Mr. Ord, Mr.

St. John, Sir William Gordon, Mr. Alderman Mr. Rigby, Mr. Burke, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Eden, or any Five of them; and they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household-reported to the Answtrn House, That their Adresses of Tuesday the 6th Day of this Instant June (that His Majesty would be gra- 1 0 ciously pleased to give Directions to the Attorney General, forthwith to prosecute all such Persons as shall be found to have been the Instigators or Abettors of, or active in promoting, the Riots and Tumults that were on Friday last in Old Palace , and the Avenues to this House, and that were concerned in any of the Outrages committed upon the Houses and Chapels of any of the Ministers from Foreign States, or in any Outrages against the Property and Houses of any of His Majesty’s Subjects; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give immediate Directions, that an Enquiry be made into the Amount of the Damages occasioned by the Outrages which have been committed upon the Houses and Chapels of any of the Ministers from Foreign States, and humbly to desire His Majesty, that He would be graciously pleased to order such Satisfaction and Recompence to be made for the fame, as His Majesty in His WilcJom shall think proper, and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expence that shall be incurred on that Account) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the P«it:on from City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, itfpeafogii

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Cathuta. Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That, since the Act made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled,

" An Act for the further preventing the Growth of " Popery," the Papists have experienced no Perfecu-tion, and the State has enjoyed perfect Tranquillity; and that repealing Part of that Act, has occasioned much Discontent, and produced dangerous Tumults:

And therefore praying, That the Act of the Eighteenth of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for relieving His Majesty’s Subjects, professing the Popish " Religion, from certain Penalties and Disabilities itnposed on them by an Act, made in the Eleventh and " Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the " Third, intituled, An Act for the further preventing " the Growth of Popery," may be repealed; that being, in the Petitioners Opinion, the most probable Means of immediately quieting the Minds of the People.

Ordered \That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration

ao Geo. III. 19"

Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of His Majesty’s loyal Protestant Subjects of the Cities of London and Borough of Southwark, and their Environs, is re* ferred.

Addrest The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, on the appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to IinS*»Spctch. jq,s Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty the humble Thanks of this House, for Your Most Gracious Speech from the Throne; and for the Communication which Your Majesty has been pleated to make to this House, of the Proclamations ifl'ued during the late most dangerous and alarming Disturbances.

Wc think it our indispensable Duty toexprefs, in the strongest Terms, our Abhorrence of the Proceedings of those tumuliuous Assemblies, and of the criminal Acts of Outrage and Violence committed by those desperate Bands of Men, and our highest Indignation against the Authors, Promoters, and Perpetrators of them; and to acknowledge, with the warmest Emotions of Gratitude, Duty, and Affection, Your Majesty’s Paternal Care and Concern for the Protection of Your Subjects, in the Measures which Your Majesty, as the Father of Your People, and the Guardian of the Public Safety, took in the Hour of extreme and imminent Necessity, for the immediate and effectual Suppression of those rebellious Insurrections.

We learn with Satisfaction, that proper Orders have been given for bringing the Offenders to speedy Trial, and to such Punishment as, upon Conviction of their Crimes the Lawsprescribe, and the Vindication of Public Justice certainly demands.

Although the constant Tenor of Your Majesty’- just and constitutiona! Government made a Renewal of Your Majesty’s Royal Atfurances to Your Parliament unne-cefiary, yet we cannot but receive with great Thankful* ness, lo signa! a Mark of Your Majesty’s Gracious Attention; and we beg Leave, on our Part, to assure Your Majesty, that this condescending and endearing Declaration cannot fail of securing to Your Majesty, in the Hearts of Your People, the most affectionate Returns of Confidence, Attachment, and Support.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine Conlradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be pre-tented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Petition A Petition of His Majesty’s loyal Protestant Subjects rt^the'n^ HelmfleyBlackamore, was presented to the

Catholics. House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, sensible of the many Bieliings which, as Protestants and Britons, they enjoy, cannot but be alarmed at an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His pre-tent Majesty, repealing certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on the Papilts by a Statute enacted in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of William the Third, for further preventing the Growth of Popery: and that it is with the deepest Concern they petition the House against a Law which has already received the Royal Af-sent; but, as this Act was so suddenly introduced, and Vox.. 37.

Junii. 907

so hastily passed, before the Sense of the Nation at Iar^e could be obtained, or any Opposition formed against it, they are encouraged to hope that this Application will not prove too late for Redress: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to repeal the Act lately passed in favour of the Papists.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of His Majesty’s loyal Protestant Subjects of the Cities of London and Westminster,

Borough of Southwark, and their Environs, is referred.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rofolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, complaining of the Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repealing certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on the Papists by a Statute enacted in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of William the Third, for further preventing the Growth of Popery, be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of John Culme, Esquire, was presented Plymouth to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Peti- Election. tinner and Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, Baronet, flood Candidates at the late Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of,

in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir Charles Hardy, Knight, deceased; and that the Petitioner was duly elected by a MajoAy of the legal Freemen and Freeholders of the said Borough, and ought to have been returned; but that Thomas Bligh,

Esquire, the Mayor and Returning Officer, acted in a very partial Manner, by refusing many Persons to poll for the Petitioner, who had a legal Right to vote; whereby, and by other illegal and unwarrantable Practices, the said Sir Frederick Lemem Rogers was returned, to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Violation of the ancient Rights and Privileges of the legal Voters of the said Borough, and of the Laws for securing the Freedom of Election of Members to serve in Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that he may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem fit.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 4th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " Tomorrow " Fortnight, the 4th," and inserting the Words " this " Day Month, the 17th," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " this " Day Month, the 17th," be inferred instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon this Day Month, the 17th Day oijuly next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of John Gennys, Esquire, Reymundo Putt, PJt'°-

John Connell, Christopher Olver, Robert Fin;c, and Thomas Squire, Gentlemen, all legal Voters of the Borough

of Plymouth in the County of Draon, on Behalf ol themselves and many other Electors of th* same Borough, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have an undoubted Right, according to ancient Usage, to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Plymouth; and in consequence of such Right, the Petitioners attended at the last Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the fin'd Borough, in tho

room.

99 8

19* Ju.

.1780.

worn of Sir Charles Hardy, Knight, deceased, John the Matter of this Petition; and report the same as it Culme, Esquire, and Sir Frederick Leman Regers, Baro- shall appear to them, to the House.

net, being the Candidates, and demanded their Right _ t

to vote for the said John Culme; but that Thomas Bligh Resolved, That this House Will, Tomorrow Morn-

Darracctt, the Mayor and Returning Officer of the ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of t*°

said Borough, would not admit the Petitioners, and a to take into Consideration His Majesty s Most gracious iff imtant great Number of Persons then present (who claimed Message of the ill Day of this Instant June. ' t°be

and had a legal Right to vote) to poll for the said John ' con lllert *

OrdThat the Report from the Committee of the Discovtry, whole House, to whom it was reterred to consider of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of onSl u e-His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering

Culme-, whereby, and by other illegal and unwarrantable Practices the said Sir Frederick Leman Rogers was returned Member, to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners, and in open Violation of the ancient Rights

and Franchises of the legal Voters of the said Borough, " more effectual an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year and of the Laws for securing the Freedom of Election " of ti e Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting " " " the Discovery of a Method for finding the Longi-

of Members to serve in Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may have such Relict therein as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confi deration at the same Time that the lift preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the T rials of controverted Lie ft ions, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cales, were lent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun-fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall bc thought necessary by the several Parties on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

" tude at Sea, so far as relates to the Encouragement " and Reward of Persons making leficr Discoveries for " finding the fame, or making other useful Discoveriei " and Improvements in Navigation, and to the making of Experiments relating thereto,’' be now received.

Mr. Stephens accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; a^d afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Ta-i ble: Where the same was read; and is as followeth’;

viz.

Manuf.ifture

of

Marine

Alkali.

A Petition of Joseph Fry was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented from Alexander Fordyce, Esquire, alleging that he is possessed of a Principle in Chymistry hitherto unknown, by the (kilful Application ot which, the Alkali and Acid contained in Sea Salt and Rock Salt are separated, and that the Acid is found in many Cafes preferable to the Vi'

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, be applied, out of any Monies unapplied to the Use of the Navy, in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, towards encouraging and rewarding such Person or Persons who shall make any Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, which, though they do not entitle the Discoverers to the greater Rewards specified in an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " Repeal of all former Acts concerning the Longitude " at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to the Ap* " pointment and AutLoutv of the Commissioners thereby conllituted, and also such Clauses as relate to the " constructing, printing, publishing, vending, and licensing of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful " Tables, and for the more clfeftual Encouragement " and Reward of such Person or Persons as shall discover a Method for finding the fame, or shall make useful Discover.es in Navigation, and for the better making Experiments relating thereto," yet may be

triolic, and the Aikali superior in Value to the Barillia of adjudged by the Commissioners far the Discovery of Spain, and praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for an Longitude at Sea, to be of considerable Lfe to the Exemption, for a Term of Years, from the old Duty Public; and also such Person or Persons as shall make on Salt, and for a Draw-back of the whole, or a Bounty any other useful Discoveries and Improvements in equal to the new Duty, on such Salt as he shall use in Navigation, and towards the better making of Experi-the said Manufacture of Marine Acid, and fixed Foflil ments relating thereto; subject to the same Directions or Mineral Alkali; and representing to the House, and Regulations as a.e for the like Purposes contained in that the Petitioner is possessed of a Chymical Process, the said Act.

by which fixed Fofiil Alkali, and Marine Acid, are The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was'; separated from Sea Salt, which, lie apprehends, are in upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the no. Respect inferior to those extracted by the said Alex - House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Stephens and Mr. Fenton do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

ander Fordyce, Esquire, and has also carried the same into extensive Manufacture: And therefore praying,

That he may be allowed the same Exemption and Drawback as are prayed for by the said Alexander Fordyce, and that the said Exemption and Drawback may be allowed to all Persons concerned in the said Manu-factory; and, to prevent any Fraud being committed Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Extending in the Duty on Salt, the Petitioner proposes that aQuan- whole House, to w'hom the Bill to explain and amend _ I'16 . tity, not less than One-eighth Part, of Allum, or Green the several Acts for securing the Freedom of Parlia- ua Copperas, in Powder (to be found or paid for by the ment, by farther extending the Qualification for Mem-Purchaser) may be intimately mixed, in the Presence bers to (it in the House of Commons, and for render-of a proper Ollicer, with a Sea Salt which shall be used ing the same more effectual, was committed, be taken in such Manufacture of Foffil Alkali and Mineral Acid, into further Consideration upon Fhurfday Morning next.

Committees.

of

Members.

which he presumes will render it absolutely unfit for any other Use or Manufacture.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Duties on ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Pott Horfti House, upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in

of James Keir is referred: And that they do examine the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His 'present Ma

- )etly

Supply Bill; Duties oil Starch, &c.

"Rc£uIatinF Majesty's Civil iifta-bliflunems.

Fordycc’t

Manufacture

of

MarineAcid.

Import ation ot Foreign Lace.

Exportation

of

Copper.

Voting of Occahcnal Erven, en.

Con: missioners ot Puiilx Accounts.

C^;eu elrhorp in clo hire.

20 Geo. III. 190 Junii. 909

jessy, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all " Persons letting Horles to hire, for travelling in the " Manner therein mentioned; and certain Duties on all " Horses let to hire for the Purposes of travelling Poll:, " and by Time; and upon certain Carriages therein " mentioned and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Resolved, That this IIoule will, upon Wedmflay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Starch and Hair Powder imported, and upon Starch made in Great Britain, and upon Sweets.

Rcfohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the who!e House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty’s Civil Establishments, and of certain Public Offices; for the Limitation of Pensions, and the Suppression of sundry useless, expensive, and inconvenient Places; and for applying the Monies saved thereby, to the Public Service.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself info a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Alexander Fordyce, of Harley Street, Square,

Esquire, was referred.

Rcfohed, That this House will, upon Thursdas Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lloufe, upon the Bill to alter the Duties upon Foreign Thread Lace imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to refrain the Exportation, and carrying Coaflwil'e, of Copper in Sheets, or Copper in Bars, for a Time to be limited, under certain Regulations.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain, amend, and render more clTcftual, an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to prevent occaficnal Freemen from voting at Elcctions of Members to lerve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs," be read a Second Time uDon Thirf-

O' -k. -J

dax Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and date, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service; and what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, collating, Bluing, and accounting for, Public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive, Manner the said Services can in future be regulated, and carried on for the Benefit of the Public, was committed, be received upon IVed Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Norton do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill lor dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Manor or Township ot in the West

Riding of the County of York, was committed.

Mr. Norton accordingly reported from tire laid Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bids of Inclosure, had been

complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

VOL. 37.

true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except one Proprietor of Land to the Amount off. 4. a Year, who laid it was better as it was; and that the Whole of the Lands entitled to Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be divided and in-doled, are of the Yearly Value of 1,240; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Bounds, Precincts, and Liberties, of Little Cancer!h, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir George Robinson,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition

of James Keir;and also, the Petition of Peter Theodore

De Bruges-, and also the Petition of James Watt, of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, Engineer, on Behalf of himl'elf and of Doctor Joseph Black, Professor of Chemistry in the University of Edinburgh-, and also the Petition of John Col/ifon-, and also, the Petition of Joseph Fry, are referred, have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Shannon, of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the county of,

was prel'ented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, many Years pall, invented a new, cheap, and very advantageous Method of making and preparing of Barilla from Materials the Produce of this Country, and, at the Expence of some Thousands of Pounds, hath erected a capital and complete Manufactory for carrying the same into Execution, and is now manufacturing Barilla in great Quantities, with moderate Profit to himl'elf, yet 1'ubject to all the Duties upon Salt used in the said Manufacture; and the Petitioner is capable of supplying the greatest Part of the National Demand for the above Article, without the least lessening the present Revenue Receipts, and with every National Advantage that can accrue to the Country, from the manufacturing an Article at Home so necessary to the Exigence of our Manufactories, which was hitherto disadvantageoully imported from our Enemies; and that the Petitioner hath jult received Information that an Application has been, or is intended to be made to the House, by one Alexander Fordyce, Esquire, and others, to take off the Duties on Salt in the Manufacture of Barilla, and that the Matter of such Petition is to come on Today; and that, if the Matter of the Pe-10 Y tition

Supply Bill* Exchequer Bills.

Little

Catworth

Iaclosure.

Manufacture

of

Marine Acid.

Ditto.

910

tition of the said Alexander should pass into a

Law, the Petitioner, as an Individual, would not only be deprived of the Benefit of his said Invention, but the Revenue Receipts would be greatly leflcned; and that the Petitioner hath many more Reasons to shew, why he conceives the Matter of the said Mr.

Petition should be disregarded, and Evidence to support such Reasons, if the Petitioner had Time to arrange the fame: And therefore praying (in regard the Buii-nel's before mentioned is of Consequence to the State as well as to the Petitioner, and the Petitioner, from the shortness of the Time, cannot arrange his Evidence) that the Matter of the Petition of the said Mr. Fordyce, and others, may stand over or be adjourned until the next Session of Parliament, or until such other Time as the House shall think fit, and that the Petitioner may be then heard, by his Council, at the Bar of the House, against the said Petition or Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of James Keir is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

1780.

consider of the Petition of His Majesty’s loyal Protestant Subjects of the Cities of London and Borough of Southwark, and their Environs; and also of the several other Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, complaining of the Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repealing certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on the Papists by a Statute enacted in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of William the Third, for further preventing the Growth of Popery.

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, re- The King’* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Message take into Consideration His Majesty’s Most gracious to be Message of Thursdaythe id Day of this Indant June. considererf.

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, re- Supply Bill-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Exchequer’ the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans Bill*, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

And then the House adjourned till Half an Hour after Three of the Clock, this Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

19° — 20° yunit.

Martis, 20° \

Anno 20* Georgii IIP Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

Answer Ta TR, Comptroller of the Household reported to the Jddress -tYl. House, That their Address of Yesterday (to re-respecting turn His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for com-Lord municating to this House the Reason for which His G.Gordon. Majesty has caused the Right honourable Lord George Gordon, a Member of this House, to be apprehended and committed) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the The King’i House attended His Majesty this Day with Antw-er their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to to Aduiefs give this most gracious Answer. ' reported.

Gentlemen,

I return you My cordial and particular Thanks, for this loyal, affectionate, and unanimous Address.

Union at this Time mud have the bed and most important Consequences: Nothing can more powerfully afiid Me in preserving the Public Safety, and securing Reverence for the Laws, and Obedience to legal Government. Be allured, that it is My condant and ardent Desire to promote the Happiness of all My Subjects, and to deserve the Confidence and Support of a tree People.

"’.me Mr. Comptroller of the Household also reported to for Preceiving House, That His Majesty, having been waited upon, Address. pursuant to the Order of Yederday, humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure when he would be plealed to be attended by this House, had been plealed to appoint to be attended this Day, at Three of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

Dof°ibey Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Longitude. Order, a Bill for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Whale Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill ft ei7* to explain and amend Two Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, with respect to the Limits of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, and the Seas adjacent thereto; and to enlarge the Time for the Return of the Vessels employed in the Whale Fisheries: And that Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Ord, and Mr. ,do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

London Petition respefiing the Roman Catholics*

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to 17

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hett, and Mr.

Bu km.*11:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to allow the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, Traded1 and Merchandise from Great Britain, to certain Towns,

Ports, or Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty’s Arms, and from such Towns, Ports, or Places, to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of cer- imported tain Places within The Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to from the be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British or Levant. Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever; and for laying a Duty on Cotton and Cotton Wool imported into this Kingdom, in Foreign Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act offices to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify amj

themselves for Oriices and Employments; and to in- Employ-

demnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have ,ncnU* omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns whose Admissions Lave been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further

20 Geo. III. 20°

ther Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; without any Amendment: And allb,

Humberflon’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ElUtes. veiling certain Manors and Hereditaments, situate in the County of Lincoln (which by the Will of Thomas Humber-/Ion, El quire, deceased, were devised to Thomas Frederick Mackenzie Humber ft on, Esquire, for his Life, with several Remainders over in drift Settlement) in Trustees, for the Purpose of felling the fame, and laying out the Monies to arise from such Sale in the Purchase of certain other Hereditaments, Part of the Estates of the Right honourable Kenneth,

Earl of Sea forth, in the Kingdom of , to be let-tled to the Uses to which the Estates intended to be sold now (land limited; to which the Lords deftre the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meffiengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Accounts; The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from Import* the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the and Doorj he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to xport*. t^e f-jou(*c< pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, and imported into, that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1-/J3 to Christmas 1778. which is as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Place.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

GreweUhorp An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain inclosure. Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Manor or Township of Greweithoin the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Manor or Town -Thip of Greweithorp, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. George do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

the Kinf’s Ordered, That the Order made this Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole cwifidcred. House, this Afternoon, to take into Considerauon His Majesty’s most gracious Message of the ill

Day of this Instant June, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Tire House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ellis took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ellis reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Refutation; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Brixworth Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom inclosure. the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of other-

wife Hr ichief worth, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and Vol. 37.

found that the Stanching Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con.ent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; (except the Owners of One Quarter of a Yard Land, l'ome odd Lands, and One Cottage Common and an Half, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property included in the Bill con-fists of 102 Yard Lands and Three Quarters, and 25 Cottage Commons; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to con- Proprietor* fider of the properest Method of securing, from Time of to Time, authenticated Vouchers of the Names of PuW,cFttn<1,‘ the Proprietors in the Public Funds, and of their respective Properties in the fame.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hartley, the Lord North, bee.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all, who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

The Order made this Day, for the House to re- Resolution* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on the this Afternoon, to consider of the Petition of His Petition* Majesty’s loyal Protestant Subjects of the Cities of Roman London and Westminster, Borough of Southwark, and Catholic*,

their Environs; and alto of the several other Petitions, which have been presented to this House in Session of Parliament, complaining of the Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repealing certain Penalties and Disabilities impoted on the Paptfts by a Statute enacted in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of William the Third, for further preventing the Growth of Popery, being read;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ellis took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ellis reported from the Committee, That they

had considered the fever?.! Petitions to them referred: and had come to several Refutations; which th-y had directed him to report to the House; and had also directed him to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ellis accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed!: viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Effect and Operation of the Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-jefey, intituled, "An Act for relieving His Majesty’s " Subjects, protcffing the Popish Religion, from certain '

" Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them by an " Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the " Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act

Supply Bill j Exchequer Buis.

912 20°---- I'

" Act for the furlhet preventing the Growth of Popery," have been misrepresented and misunderstood.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, does not repeal or alter, or in any Manner invalidate or render ineffectual the several Statutes made to prohibit the Exercise of the Popish Religion, previous to the Statute of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Third.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Ecclesiastical or Spiritual Jurisdiction or Authority is given, by the said Act of th® Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the Pope or to the See of Rome.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That this House does, and ever will, watch over the Interests of the Protestant Religion with the most unremitted Attention; and that all Attempts to seduce the Youth of this Kingdom, from the Established Church to Popery, arc highly criminal, according to the Laws in force, and are a proper Subject of further Regulation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Endeavours to difquict the Minds of the People, by misrepresenting the said Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as inconsistent with the Safety or irreconcileable to the Principles of the Protestant Religion, have a manifest Tendency to disturb the Public Peace, to break the Union necessary at this Time, to bring Dishonour on the National Character, to discredit the Protestant Religion in the Eyes of other Nations, and to furnish Occasion for the Renewal of the Persecution of our Protestant Brethren in other Countries.

The Three First Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House does and ever will, watch over the Interests of the Protestant Religion with the most unremitted Attention; and that all Attempts to seduce the Youth of this Kingdom, from the Establillied Church to Popery, are highly criminal, according to the Laws in force, and are a proper Subject of further Regulation.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Ellis also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to secure the Protestant Religion in Great Britain from any Encroachments of Popery, by more effectually restraining Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, from teaching, or taking upon themselves the Education or Government of, the Children of Protestants.

And Mr. Ellis moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to secure the Protestant Religion in Great Britain from any Encroachments of Popery, by more effectually restraining Papists, or Persons pro-fefiing the Popish Religion, from teaching, or taking upon themselves the Education or Government of, the Children of Protestants: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hartley, Mr. Burke, Mr. Recorder of

London, Sir William Guise, Mr. and Mr. Pul hi 11,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

And the House having c©ntinued to fit till One of the Clock on Wednesday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the *4

Junii. 1780.

Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 21° d Junii;

Anno zo° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

A BILL for continuing the Encouragement and DiiWv Reward of Persons making lesser Discoveries for ot finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other ufefut Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Riots i* indemnify such Persons as have acted in the Suppression London; of the late Riots and Tumults in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of aftiveinthu

and for the Preservation of the Public Peace: And Suppreilw. that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. , Sir

Cooper, and Mr. Ord, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according WM? to Order, a Bill to explain and amend Two Acts, made Fiftierj. in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, with respect to the Limits of the '

Greenland Seas and Davis's Streig and the Seas adjacent thereto; and to enlarge the Time for the Return of the Vessels employed in the Whale Fisheries: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Samuel Garbett, of Birmingham, in the Manuufty County of Warwick, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, f'f observes, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented from Alexander Fordyce, Esquire, alleging, that he is possessed of a Principle in Chymistry hitherto unknown, by the skilful Application whereof the Alkali and Acid contained in Sea Salt and Rock Salt are fe-parated, and that the Acid is found in many Cafes preferable to Vitriolic, and the Alkali superior in Value to the Barilla of Spain-, and praying for Leave 10 bring in a Bill for an Exemption, for a 'Perm of Years, from the old Duty on Salt, and for a Drawback of the whole, or a Bounty equal to the new Duty on such Salt as he shall use in the said Manufacture of Marine Acid, and fixed Foftil or Mineral Alkali; and repre-fenting to the House, that, if a Drawback upon the Salt uted in the said Manufacture should be allowed to the said Alexander Fordyce, the same will be a material Injury to the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against allowing any Drawback on the Salt used by the said Alexander in the said Manufacture.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into D.-. o-. a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for i>ult:

repealing

20 Geo. III. ii* Junii. oi

repealing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty terrain Duties oil Licences c* to be taken out by all Persons letting Hortes to hire, " for travelling in the Manner therein mentioned; and " certain Duties cn ali Horses let to hire for the Purposes of travelling Poll, and by Time; and upon " certain Carriages therein mentioned;" and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Mr. Spe aker left the Chair,

Mr. Ordtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Snrpfy Bilt; The House, according to Order, resolved itself into ®ot*""c a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for tarfc ’ granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Starch

and Hair Powder imported, and upon Starch made in Great Britain, and upon Sweets.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, aid made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re* port, when the House will pleate to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

SunpN Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House £x,liequer to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, foil*. upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Leans or [exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntil; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

F.jrpcrrarcn Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hoi fe

of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bid to re {train tie Exportation, and carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Sheets, or Copper in Bars, for a Time to be limited, under certain Regulations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itleif into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

' Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone tluough the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Manufacture Sir Richard Sutton reported from the Committee, to , T . , whom the Petition of and a kb, the Pe-

ariue u . tjt|Qn Peter Theodore De and also, the Petition i f James Waltof Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, Engineer, ,cn behalf of himself and of Doc-

for Joseph Black, ProfclTor of Chymiflry,- in the Uni-verlity of Edinburgh-, and also, the Petition of John Cvllifon; and also, the Petition of Joseph Fry, and allb, the Petition of Richard Shannon, of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, were severally referred, and who were impowered to report their Proceedings from Time to Time to the House, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the First and Second-mentioned Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, your Committee had, pursuant to their Order, a Copy of a Caveat, entered the 14th of February 1771, by Mr. James Keir, against any Person obtaining a Patent for an Invention by which Alkali may be extraded from Common Salt, from Sea Water, or from the Water of Salt Springs, laid before them; which is hereunto, annexed.

And in further Support of the said Petition, your Committee examined the following Witnesses: First,

Mr. John Whitehwfl \who being asked Whether he

was acquainted wdth the Method by which Mr. Keir obtains his Alkali ? said. He saw him make a Substance Yesterday, in Part from Sea Salt, which the Wit-nels delivered to Mr. Moore, Secretary to the Society of Arts and Sciences — That he saw the Process from the Beginning to the End. — And being asked, If he was Judge enough to say, whether the other Substances used. with the Sea Salt were such as now make Part of the Body of that Alkali, or whether they were only used in the Process as Solvents or Menstruums ? he said, They were used to make Part of it; there were no other Bodies in the Composition but the Sea Salt that could produce the Alkali — That he has heard, some Years ago, of Mr. Keir’s making Alkali, but he does not know it of his own Knowledge, as he never saw any Specimen of it — That he never heard or knew of his felling any Quantity of it some Years ago — That the Quantity made Yesterday was a small one — That he is not a sufficient Judge to know, whether the same Process wiil certainly succeed in making a large Quantity — That Mr. Blair was present at the above Process — That the Witness'knows what the Ingredients were, that were used in the Process.

Alexander Blair, Esquire, being examined, said, That he saw Mr. Keir obtain an Alkali Yesterday from Common Salt, which was delivered to Mr. Moore, Secretary to the Society of Arts and Sciences — -That he saw the whole Process from the Beginning to the End, and that no oilier Substances containing Alkali were used. — And being asked. Whether he was acquainted with the Substances that were used ? he said. He was, as far as his Reading and Knowledge in Chymistry went, and could say they contained no Alkaline Quality — And being asked. If he had made Chymistry his Study ? he said. Only generally; that he had once a Chymical Object in View with Doctor Irvine, who received a Premium from Parliament for making Salt Water fresh. — And being asked, Whether he could say, with Certainty, that the same Process will answer in a large Quantity ? he laid, It will certainly produce Alkali, and as Materials are cheap, at a reasonable Rate. — That the Apparatus used Yesterday in the above Process, were very impeded, therefore he cannot judge from thence, pre-cilely, at what Expence it can be made in large Quantities. — And being asked. Whether he knew that large Vessels can be procured, which will answer for the Process, without great Expence in breaking and losing the Materials? he said, Mr. Keir could procure every Thing necessary for his Process in large. — And being asked. Whether he had any llcafon to suppole, from what he saw, that the Alkali can be manufactured by 10 Z Mr.

9H

2i° Junii.

A \ 1780.

Manufacture yyjr> jgyir jn hxgsQuantities, at such an Expence as to M °*a be a marketable Commodity, provided the Duties on anne clt-ga|t were taken off? he laid, He saw no Reason to doubt it — -That he heard from Dr. Irvine, upwards of Five Years' ago, that Mr. was possessed of the Knowledge of extrafling Alkali from Common Sait; and, to the best of his Knowledge, Dr. Irvine mentioned to him a Process by which Mr. Keir had done it — That about a Month ago Mr. communicated to him a Process, which appeared to him the same as had been mentioned by Dr. Irvine. — And being asked. Whether Mr. Keir's Alkali was equal to Baril-

lia? he said. It appeared to him to be a good Alkali, from the Experiments made in his Presence. — And being asked, Whether it was in a pure or an impure State to Appearance? he said. The Vessels they used were so imperfect, that it would have required more Time to bring it to a State of Purity — That it appeared to him to be purer than BariUia, as containing a lets Quantity of Sea Salt — That he conceives this Alkali, like other fixed Alkali, is fit for the Purpose of making Glass, and will certainly make Soap a;so. — And being asked, Wrbat Sort of Soap it would make ? he said, He was not a Soap Boiler. — And being asked, If any Soap had been made of it? he laid, He law. the Lixivium shaken in a Glass with f ane Oil, which produced a faponaccous Substance — That he had not compared it with Barillia, there not being time enough ul’ed in the Process — That lie had not analyzed Barillia, to fee exactly the Ingredients it was composed of — And being asked, If he knew whether Mr. ever meant to establish a Manufactory for extrafling Alkali from Sea Salt, and where he intendedAo establish it? lie said. About a Month ago Mr. Keir mentioned to him such an Intention; and he had received a Letter from him since, in which he told him, that he had hired a Place near Birmingham, and had collected a considerable Quantity of Materials, in order to ascertain the Produce of Alkali with necessarjr Precision; and that he thought Ireland the best Situation for the Manufactory, not being cramped with the Duties on Salt.

Mr. Samuel Moore, Secretary to the Society of Arts and Sciences, being examined, said, That lie had examined the Alkali which Mr. Blair and Mr. Whitehw laid they law made by Mr. Keir from Common Salt, as far as the small Time allowed him, gave Permission for him to make Experiments with it. — And being asked, Whether he believed from the Trials he had made, th.it it was actually an Alkali, and applicable to the Purposes to Which other Alkalies are commonly applied? he laid, It Was brought to him in a State of Solution, and in that State it was strongly Alkaline, and believes was as applicable to the Pnrpoles for which Alkaline Salts are used, as any Solution of the same Strength would be — That he had not Time to compare it with BariUia — That the Manner in which he tried to ascertain its being a fixed Alkali, was by the Taste, by its dccompoling crude Sal Almoniac, Alum, and the common Epsom Salt; and by those Trials he was convinced the Liquor was strongly Alkaline.

Air. Matthew Bolton being then examined, was a feed, Whether he had ever heard, or known, that Mr. Keir had discovered Alkali born Common Salt, some Years ago? he said. He had, but could not say, with Precision how long ago, but believes it to be Seven Years at lead — That he has ken some of Mr.

Keir's Alkali, and has fcea him make it from Common Salt; and that none of the Materials employed in the Process, excepting the Common Salt, contained any Alkali , but the Whoie of the Alkali proceeded from the Common Salt — That he examined it by various Methods, in order to diiiiover whether it was really an Alkali — That he had compared its Strength with Ba-ililia, and it was superior to it in Quality, in the Proportion as 20 to 14 — That he knows it is applicable to

14

the making of Glass, and believes it is likewise applicable to every Manufacture that the best Barillia is applicable to — -That he knows Mr. Keir had an Intention of establishing a Manufactory for extracting Alkali from Common Salt, about the Time he communicated his Discovery to him. — And being a/ked, What was the licafon that prevented him ? he said. The Duty upon Salt was the principal Objection he ever heard him make.

Then he produced to your Committee a Sample of Mr. Keir's Alkali; and upon being further examined,

said. That he saw Mr. Fordyce lad Night. — And being asked, If he had attended the Committee on Friday, whether he was then prepared to drew any Sample of Alkali to the Committee? he said, No; the Sample he fhevved Mr. Fordyce, he fiiw Mr. Keir make Yesterday. — And being asked, Whether that was the first Time he law him make Alkali? he said, It was; but not the fird Time he had heard of his making it — That it was not in the same Form when he shewed it to Mr. Fordyce, as the Sample now produced, but was in a milder Form, from being exposed to the Air — That Mr. Keir never decided upon any Situation where lie meant to establish his Manufactory, but talked of many . — That he believes he has a Place near Birmingham, which he hires for the Purpose of making Experiments — That he does not know what Quantity of Materials he has collected. — And being asked. Whether the Sample produced was that which he saw made? he said, It was — That he had made an Experiment on it, and found, that equal Weight of that and the best Barillia he could purchase, the proportional Quantities of Acid saturated by the respective Alkaline, were as f.dlcwctu; Mr, Keir's Alkali saturated 20, and the Barillia 141 — That he made many other Experiments, and found it had many Properties belonging to Foffil Alkali. Then,

Mr. JamesIVatt informed your Committee, That lie knows, from a Correspondence he had with Mr. Keir, and with the deceased Dr. Small of Birmingham, prior to the Year 1769, that Mr. Keir was possessed of a Method of extracting Alkali from Common Salt, and that he knows Mr. Keir had an Intention of establishing a Manufactory for that Purpose. — And being asked. What prevented him? he said, Partly from Mr. engaging in another Business, which confined him to England, where the Witness apprehends the Manufacture could not be carried on to Advantage, on account of the low price of Alkaline Salts, and on account of the Duties or. Salt — That the Price of Alkaline Salt was at that Period about $6s. per Hundred Weight; the American Pearl Alh and Barillia was then at 20 or 21 Shillings per Hundred Weight.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, Mr. James Adam informed your Committee, That Mr. De Bruges had made him acquainted with the Method of his making Alkali; and that the Witness has gave ibme of it to be tried in making Scap and Glals — That he employed a Mr. Charles Gall to offer a Sample of it for Sale — That the Witness gave the Alkali to be made into Glass to Mr. Moore, Secretary to the Society of Arts and Sciences, and the Alkali to be made into Soap, to John Adam*, a Soip Boiler — That he is sure Mr. De Bruges h is laid out more than £. 2000 in Works for making Alkali, and has collected above Seven: hundred Tons of Materials for the Purpose of making it — That there is no other Ingredient used in the making of his Mineral Alkali, besides Sea Salt, that produces Alkali. — And being asked, If he w'as Judge enough to say whether the other Substances used with the Sea Salt were such as now make part of the Body of the Alkali, or whether they were only used in the Proeds as Solvents or Menstruums ? he laid. He could judge perfectly of that, from repeated Experiments, and knows they were only used as Menstruums.

Then he produced to your Committee. Two Samples of Alkali, N* i, a white Sort, and N" 2, a dark Sort; and

said,

20 Geo. III. 2i°

laid, He assisted at the making of them, and had lr.J them in his Culloc’v ever since — That l.c ha. made no particular Trial or Proof of them hirnkdr, and tl-.e:cfore cannot say, whether they are true fixed Alkalies — That they are the Kinds he delivered to Mr. 71 -leers, and to tire Soap-maker — That lie was present when it was made into Soap — That at Two different Times, he supposes 30 Pounds Weight each Time, has been made of this Alkali, but never any sold to his Knowledge — That he believes the full Parcel of the Samples produced was delivered to Mr. Moon the End of or the Beginning of December lad — That he did not weigh the Quantity, but believes it was about One Pound — That the Parcel delivered to Mr. he believes was in the Month of September ox October last, and that to the Soap-maker Yesterday Morning.

Mr. Samuel Moore, Secretary to the Society of Arts and Sciences, being again called, informed your Committee, That he was a Chymist, and acquainted with the Science of Chymistry; that he was bred a (T.vmill, and has always made the Arts that depend on Chymistiy h.s particular Study — That he received about 5 or 6 Months ago, a small Quantity of Salt, amounting to about or 5 Ounces, of Mr. James A.Ian:, which appeared to him to be an Alkaline Salt, limilar to what the Chymistscall the Mi nera! Alkali. — And tx-ing asked, Whctl ier he ever made any Experiments upon that Alkali, ;w,d what were they ? he laid, When lie attended your Committee on Friday !a(t, he informe I them ot (lie Na'urr of the Experiments he had made with the Alkaline Liquor brought to him by Mr. K?ir; the drift Experiments he tried with the Alka’jnc Salt from Mr. Adorn were the same that he then related, such as de-eompofing crude Sal Aimoniac, Alum, and common Effort] Sait; btr in order mere fully to examine into the Utility of the Salt in the great Works, he mixed a due Proportion of it with the other Ingredients uled in making Flint Glass, aivJ the Comnofition was tried in a Glass-House Furnace, in the usual Manner that Experiments are made at such Furnaces, and it produced a Glass not so perfectly vitrified as would have been obtained by a Mixture of the same Proportion ot Pearl Allies, which is the Alkaline Salt generally made use of in the Composition of Flint-Olafs, but yet sufficiently so to prove the Salt a strong Alkaline. — And he produced to your Committee a Specimen ot it. — And being asked, If he ever law Pearl Allies made use of in a small Experiment of that Kind, and whether he found them in such Experiment produce Glass equally well vitrified with what has been produced in a large Experiment ? he laid He has very frequently made Experiments in Glass making, be h on a large and iimll Scale; and well knows, that no Vitrification in such small Quantity as the Sample now before the Committee, can be so perfect as when made in large Quantities; and he has even sometimes iecn, that when Pearl Ash has been used, no more perfect Vitrification has taken place than has been produced by the Alkali delivered to him by Mr. Adam.- — And being asked, Whether it was his Opinion, from the Experiments he had made, that the Alkali is a pure Fofiil Alkali ? he laid, The Experiments he had made have not enabled him to determine that Matter with Precision; but that there teemed to him to be more vegetable Alkali contained in it than is usually found in common Ba-riilia — That the Experiment made of Glass was from the white Sample — That Barillia is not generally used by the Flint-Glass makers, they generally ule Pearl Aflh.

Mr. James Adam being again examined, further informed your Committee, That the Alkali he gave to Mr. Moore, and of which he made the Specimen of Glass (produced to your Committee) was made at least Three Months before it was given to him, and had been kept in a Gallipot, sometimes covered, and sometimes open, and had loft a great deal of its original Strength — That he could not have made a stronger Alkali than that was when it was fresh made; the Sample of Black

Vol. 37.

Junii. pi 5

Aik?.]: is infinitely stronger, from its being made within them few Days — Thai it does not become weaker by keeping, when covered; but when exposed to the Air infinitely weaker. — And being a iked, If he conceived it to be a volatile Alkali to a certain Degree ? he laid; He conceived it to be Fixed Alkaii; but when exposed to the Air, Alkali loses its Strength.

Mr. John Adams, Soap-boiler near , being examined, said, That lie made Soap Yesterday from an Alkali gave to him by Mr. James Adam, which heefteems very good Soap; a Sample of which he produced to your Committee; and said, He knew it to be the very Soap that was made with the Alkali gave to him by Mr. James Adam — That he has been a Soap-boiler above

Forty Years, and makes a great deal. — And being asked, What Quantity of Alkali he had of Mr. Adam he said. About Four Quarts of Lye — That the Soap made with it, he reckoned good Soap, but it would have been much better if made in a larger Quantity — That he made about 3 or Pounds.

Mr. Charles Gall, being examined, said. That he re-

ceived a S imple of Alkaline Salt from Mr. James Adam. — And being asked, W hether he shewed it to any Broker or D;y Salter, and what did they fayofit ? he laid, He carried it to levered; lie pretented it to one of the principal Dealers and belt Judge in that Article, and a feed his Opinion of it, who upon looking into it, told him at once, it was a lirong Alkaline Salt, used by Soap-boilers and Glass-makei", and other Trades, but wished him to leave it with him for a Day or Two, that he might make a proper Trial of it at his Lei lure — That the Wirnefc went back, he thinks, in a couple of Days Time, when the Peri'on told him, it possessed, in a strong Degree, the laponaccous Quality, and would also answer for the Purposes of making Glass; with respect to the Price, he said, at that Time, when Barillia, and the different Ashes used by Soap and Glass-makers, were so very high, he believed the Sample would fetch about 3. 10. and if it was all as good as the Sample, it might fetch 4. a Hundred. — And being atked. Who were the Brokers and Dry Salters to whom the Alkali was delivered ? he said, To Mr. Impey, in Great St. Thomas the That he carried a small Quantity to him to make the Trial, and returned the rest; he did not make use of the Whole.

Caveat. That no Person shall obtain a Patent for an Invention by which an Alkaline Salt may be extracted from Common Salr, or from Sea Water, or from the Water of Salt Springs, without Notice given to Mr. Henry Davijcn, in Brewer Street, Golden Square, London, in Ik-half of Mcffrs. Archibald and James Keir.

London, February 14th, 1771.

A true Copy,

Examined by S. Grubb, Clerk of the Patents, id June, 1780.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Alexander Fordyce, of Harley Street, Square,

Esquire, was referred.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Brixworth, otherwise Briclc/ef:vorin the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of

worth,

Brixworth In clot ure.

1780.

worth, otherwise Bruklesworth, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The King’s Ordered, That Mr. Ord do make the Report from the Menage of Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-tKl n ‘ fered to take into Consideration His Majesty’s most Gracious Message of 5T lutifthe ill Day of this Instant June.

Army Extras. Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at t'he Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read , and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, to enable His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on account of Military or Ordnance Services for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, and to take all such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require; and that such Sum be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Questionput thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. the Lord Westcote, the Lord Palmerston, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Commissioners Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Corn-Public mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ap-Accoums. pointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and Rate, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service; and what Defers there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for, Public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and lei's expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated, and carried on for the Benefit of the Public, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

The first Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Words " not being a " Member of this House, being a Public Accountant, " and holding Military Offices at the ill of the " Crown."

And the Question being put. That those Words ibnd Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, I?!.1 h e, ? 17.

I Mr. 3 '

-r 11 r xt IMr. Charles 7

Mers for <!,e Noes,} ’ $4 9-

So it palfed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding at tire End thereof, the Name of George Drummond, Esquire, to be one other of the Commissioners.

And the Question being put. That the Name of George Drummoml, Esquire, be there added;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Remembrancer and Secondary of the Exchequer, and the Deputy Auditors of the Imprest, do attend this House 'l'o-morrow Morning, upon the Third Reading of the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f The Lord 7

Tellers for the Yeas, < Mr. Alderman Saw-> 16.

{. bridge: J

Tellers for the Noes, j J 6 5-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co- P»i*n pies of the Letters of the 12th and 13th Days of this rc(pw'inJ Instant June, from Irard Amher/l to Colonel 7 ton, relating to the Citizens of London arming the m- loneon. feives.

A Petition of Isaac Cookfoti, Esquhe, of Newcajlli jjanufaflu.* upon ‘Tyne, on behalf of himself and Edward Wilson, of of South Shields, in the County of Durham, was preleuted MarineAcU to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having seen in the Votes a Petition from Alexander Fordyce, Esquire, of Harley Street, alleging, that he was in Possession of a Principle in Chymistry hitherto unknown, by which he could decompound Common Salt, and obtain the Acid and Alkali in separate States, and, that on account of the Benefit it would be of to Trade, prayed to be exempted from the Duties on that Article; the Petitioners, conceiving them feives interested in this Matter, beg Leave to represent, that if an exclusive Right is granted to the said Alexander Fordyce, or any other Person, it will operate to their Pnjudice, the Petitioners having many Years ago prepared a Mineral Alkali from Sea Salt, as a Substitute ior Kelp and Barillia, sufficiently pure for the Purpose of making Glass, and which, on Trial at their Manufactories at South Shields, answered that Purpose, but on account of the then low Price of Kelpand Barillia, and His Majesty’s high Duty on Salt, was laid aside as impracticable; and that, on the late great Advance of Price, and Scarcity of Kelp and Bardlia, the Petitioners have again made many expensive Experiments in preparing an Alkali from Common Sale, m which they have made considerable Improvements; and that G’a'.s-mukers themselves are the properest Persons to prepare their own Fluxes or Salts, because when made by others as a distinct Branch of Trade they a', mo ft cnnftantly find them adulterated by Admixtures extremely detrimental to their Procefks: And therefore praying, That they may be allowed the same Exemption and Drawback from the Duties upon Salt, as are prayed for by the said Alexander Fordyce, or that the same b xemption and Drawback may be allowed to all Persons concerned in the said Manufacture of obtaining Alkali from Common Salt; and, in case of such Rencf being granted, it will be a Means of reducing the Art of Glass-making to a greater Certainty, and enable the Manufacturers to extend their Commerce to Foreign Countries, which they cannot at present serve on account of the Scarcity and exorbitant Price of the said Ingredients of Kelp and Barillia.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* lideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of

Jams

20 Geo. III.

21° — 22° Junii.

917

Fordyce’s

iLnuiaitory

of

M rinc Acid.

Tellers for the Noes,

30.

29.

Com-

Jiimcs Krir is referred; And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Alexander For-dyce, of Harley Street, Cavendish Square, Esquire, was re-

ferred;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do no w leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

‘ Tellers for the Yeas. 5 c }?rd

I Mr.:

J Sir Richard Sutton,

’’ ( Mr.:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said tnhtce.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, was directed by the Committee to make a when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Brett accordingly reported from tie said Committee, That he wasditcded by he Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to take off the Duties on Salt uled in preparng a Marine Acid, and a fixed Foffil or Mineral Alkali, for a Time to be limited.

And Mr. B rett moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That I,cave be given to bring in a Bill to take off the Duties on Salt used in preparing a Marine Acid, and a fixed Foffil or Mineral Alkali, for a Time to lie limited: And that Mr. Brett, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Adam, Mr. Dempster, and Sir Herbert do prepare,

ar.d bring in, the fame.

That he Motion,

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences " to be taken out by all Persons letting Hordes to hire " for travelling, in the Manner therein mentioned; and " certain Duties on all Horses let to hire for the Purposes of travelling Port, and by Time; and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned;" and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee hail made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord,

Commttee or the wnoie noute, to v/nom me urn Dutiesc for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Starch, Starch, and Hair Powder imported, and upon Starch made in Great Britain, and upon Sweets, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the B.I1, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

i, according to Order, reported from the g gj|j. of the whole House, to whom the Bill Duties on*

BiB for lecuring the Propellant Religion.

Supply Bill;

for nil Ting £. 1,000, coo

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

Ordered, That Sir George Yonge, Mr. Fyiier, Sir Her-bert Mackworth, Mr. hlinchln% Sir Phi/ip Jennings Gierke, and the Lord Lv.m!e)> be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare* and bring in, a Hid to ! ecu re the Protestant Religion in Great Britain from any Encroachments of Popery, by more cfieftiirdly retraining Tapirs, or Per tons professing the Popish Religion, trom teaching, or taking upon themselves the Education or Government of, the Children of Protestants.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis^ 2 2° Junii;

Anno ao* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1780. Prayers.

SIR Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of On# Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty: And the fiirne was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

\ Oh,37.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bdl ExcHrqoer

for raising a furthe Sum of Money, <fcy Loans or Exchequer Bills, f *!v vivice of the Year One thousand Seven hunch i and Eighty, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they direcded him to report to the House; and lie read the If poit in his Place; and afterwards deliver-d the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: V\ here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Home.

Ordered, That the Bill, witti the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to explain and amend Two Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His Fuliery* present Majesty, with respect to the Limits of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Sfreights, and the Seas adjacent thereto; and to enlarge the Time for the Return of the Vessels employed in the Whale Fisheries, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That -the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee, imported by ot Coffee, the EaflIndia Company in the Ship in the Year

One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, was read a Second Time.

Revived, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

11 A Resolved,

2 2° Junii.

A. 1780.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Iloufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making lcfler Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. He// and Mr.

Bicknell:

Mr. Speaker,

Quartering The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act So.e.frs in for exempting the City of the County of

duringef Southampton, the Town of and the County of

fcle&ivm.-. Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating " the Quartering of Soldiers during the Time of the

Elections of Members to serve in Parliament," so far as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Importation Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-of Com. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Laws by which the Importation ot Corn is regulated; and also an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain so much u of an Avft, made in the Lift Session of Parliament,

" intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and " Exportation of Corn, as relates to the Method of ascertaining the Prices of Corn and Grain exported."

Paper* Ordered, That there be laid be fire this House, a reflecting Copy of a Letter from Lord Amherst to Colonel Oti«n« of ton> of the 14th Day of this Instant June.

Louden.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Lord to Colo-

nel Twijleton, dated Whithe 12th of June 17S0; And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Lord Amherst to Colonel Twijleton, dated Whitehall, the 13th of June 1780: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Lord Amherst to Colonel Twijleton, dated Whitehall, the 14th of June 1780.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Extending The Order of the Day being read, for taking into the further Consideration the Report from the Committee of Qualincation the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend of Member*. fCVcral Acts for securing the Freedom of Parliament, by farther extending the Qualification lor Members to fit in the House of Commons, and for rendering the same more effectual, was committed;

*7

Discovery of the Longitude.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend and " render more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth " Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the " Peace," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yea, { Sil'GlJ: }

Teller, for the } 47-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Commissionei* Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service; and what Defeats there arc in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for, Public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and left expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated, and carried on for the Benefit of the Public, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas $ Mr‘ l

1 cllers for the Y eas, Mr Keene: X ^4-

Tellers for the N oes

f Sir Joseph Maw bey, ’{Sir.

' Philip Jennings Clerke: f *

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service; and what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for. Public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated, and carried on for the Benefit of the Public.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according Bill to Order, a Bill to secure the Protestant Religion in Great for securing Britain from any Encroachments of Popery, by more pf0^ant effectually restraining Papists, or Persons professing the Religion. Popilb Religion, from teaching, or taking upon thera-selves the Education or Government of, the Children of Protestants: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill ro alter the Duties upon Foreign Thread Lace imported into this Kingdom.

Mr.

Importatioa

of

FortignLace.

Voting of occasional Freemen.

Royal Assent to Bill*.

20 Geo. III. — i

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Parker took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sneaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pmker reported from the Committee, That they lud gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, wh‘-r> the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, An Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " prevent occasional Freemen from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Borou ’hs," be read a Second Time, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerh-t 23* die;

Anno 20® Georgii IIIi" Regis, 1780.

5® Junii. 919

An Act to allow the Exportation of„ Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Great Britain to certain Towns, Ports, or Places in North,

which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty’s Arms, and from such Towns, Ports, or Places, to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions:

An Act for exempting the City of Winchester, the County of Southampton, the Town of , and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " regulating the Quartering of Soldiers during the "Time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament," so far as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time:

An Act for vesting in Trustees the Capital Messuage, with the Appurtenances, at Croydon, in the County of Surrey, known by the Name of The Palace of the

Archbishop of Canterbury, and Two Closes near thereto adjoining, in Trull, to sell the same} and for disposing of and applying the Money to arise thereby, and received on account of the Dilapidations thereof, and other Money, in the Manner, and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Prayers.

AMcflage by Mr. Quarme, Yeomin Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Afient to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House ol Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Com miff] on aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers} where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Afient to the several Public Bills, and One Private Bill, therein mentioned j and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lard President of the Council, the Lord Pri\y Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills, and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and the Lord Privy Seal, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth } viz.

An Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within The Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatlo-ever} and for laying a Duty on Cotton and Cotton Wool imported into this Kingdom, in Foreign Ships or Vessds, f«r a limited Time:

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments j and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes} and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: -Vol. 37.

An ingrafted Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Duties on Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Horses. intituled, "An Act for granting so His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Per-« fons letting Horses to hire for travelling, in the Manner therein mentioned; and certain Duties on all " Horses let to hire for the Purposes of travelling Po ft *f and by Time; and upon certain Carriages therein " mentioned; " and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to Ill’s Majesty certain " Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons " letting Horses to hire for travelling, in the Manner " therein mentioned } and certain Duties on all Horses " let to hire for the Purposes of travelling Poll, and " by Time j and upon certain Carriages thcein mentionedj" and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty, addi- Sduties5 tional Duties upon Starch and Hair Powder imported, surch&c. and upon Starch made in Great Britain, and upon ’ Sweets, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Starch and Hair Powder imported, and upon Starch made in Great Britain, and upon Sweets.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, Supply Bill; by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, was read 1 s‘ the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Supply Bill; One Million, for the Lfes and Purposes therein men- /or rai, inS tioned, was read a Second Time. £.1,000,000.

Resolved,

9^o

a 3° Junii.

X r>7 '

00

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ins, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

SimpW Bill; Sinking kund.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

Adjourn. Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the tnent. House, this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

report, when the House will p'oafc to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do make the Report from the Committee of the who! I Joule, to whom th; Bill for continuing the Encouragement rind Ih v.urd ol Perth ns making l-.-fTer Diloovcrus for finding il e Longitude at Sea, or making other useful D tic* eries i.,d Improvements in Navigation, and for nuking Lxocrnnents relating thereto, was committed.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from- the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he rea l the Report in his Place; and afterward? delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the I louie.

Ordered, That the B.U, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

drawback on Coffee.

1m porta tton of Foreign Lace.

Whale

Fifirery.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback on the Exportation cf Coffee, imported by the East India Company in the Ship in the

Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Purlin" took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Purlin" reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Parker, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the B 11 to alter the Duties upon Foreign Thread Lace import'd into this Kingdom, was committed; the Amendment, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aucrwatds delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Morning Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend Two Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, with respect to the Limits of the Greenland Seas, and Davis's Streights, and the Seas adjacent thereto; and to enlarge the Time for the Return of the Vessels employed in the Whale Fisheries be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made fever a 1 Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to’ 16

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hett and Mr,

Richiell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to vest certain Me flu ges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better fecunng His Majesty’s Dock, Ships, and Stores at; with-

out any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to exp!: in, amend, and render more efleftu.nl. An Act, made in the Third Y.nr of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to p*event occasional Freemen from voting ar Elections of " Membeis to lerve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs "

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Dav, for the Second Reading of the Bill to secure the Frotestant Religion in Great Britain from any Encroachments of Popery, by more effectually restraining Rapids, or Persons proffling the Popish Religion, trom teaching, or taking upon themselves the Education or Government of, the Children of Protestants, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have acted in the Suppression of the larc Riots and Tumults in and about the Cities of London and -

Jler, and Borough of Southzeark, and for the Prcicrva-tion of the Public Peace: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bid be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill b* now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read \ Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ref jived., That the Bill be committed to a Committee* of the whole House.

RfcdjeJ,

Difeovety

of the Lo»£ttud&

Chathink

Deck.

Voting of occasional Irecraea.

Bill for securing the Protestant Religion.

Riots in London; Indemnity to Per ions attire in their Supprefliori.

20 Geo. III.

/> v

26° Junii.

Refohed. That this Houre v.-jll, unon Morn-

ing next, rd lve itself into a C jnniiutee of the whole House, upo.i the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Receiving The House r. Dived itself into a Committee of the H,5Ci't > S w ^e House, to Consider further of the Bill for thebet-faniii'hments. ter Rvgul nion of His Majesty’s Civil Establi foments;

and of cert.un Public Offices; lor the Limitation ot Pensions, and the Suppression of sundry useless, expen-five, and inconvenient Places; and for applying the Monies saved thereby to the Public Service.

Mr. S, eaker left the Chair.

Mr. Erjues took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Maniifjc*ory

of

Marine Acid.

Mr. Dempster presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to take off the Duties on Salt used in preparing a Marine Acid, and a fixed Folfil or Mineral Alkali, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. D emptier have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Month.

Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to make a

Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Quell ion being proposed. That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Infemations, Examinations, and odier Papers, which by Order of His Majesty’s Privy Council, or of the Servants of the Lord Mayor Crown, were lately laid before His Majesty’s Law Ser-of London, vants, with rel'pest to the Conduct of the Lord Mayor of London upon Occasion of the late Riots, with the Report made in Consequence thereof;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Motion for

Papr? s

rf lpf*6VII:£

the Conduct of *hc

Sir Henry Hog lit on 9 Z| \.

Mr. ae Grey: f 34*

Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Demptier: b>

Tellers for the Noes, j So it was resolved in the Affirmative

And the House accordingly adjourned till MondiyMorning next, Ten of the Cidek.

Lunte> 26° dieJunii \

Anno 20® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. MU ford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he w.:s called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Gross and Nett Produce of thfc Customs in Scotland, from the iothof October 177610 the 10th of Qfiober 1779; distinguisoing each Year:

And all’o;

An Accduht of the Value of all Goods, Wares; and Merchandize, exported from, and imported into Scotland, from Christmas 1773 to 1778, being as

far as the same can be made up; distinguisoing each Place.

And then he withdrew. . -;

And the Titles of the said Accounts wererfcad;

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The Lid Accounts are preferredamdngft the other Papers of this Session;

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Commissioners of Excilein Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Starch for Ten Years last past; distinguisoing each "Year.' !

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read, '

The laid Account is as iolioweth; viz.

Accounts* Customs of Scotland*

Stirpiv Bill; Duties on Starch,

A

1

Tot. $7.

u B

1780

914

a <5° Jrnii.

North Britain.AN ACCOUNT of the 'Amount of the Duties on Starch for Ten Years last pall,

distinguishing each Year; as demanded in the Votes of the Honourable the House of Commons, of 24th May 1780.

Amount.

1770 179 — 8

1771 3°4 4

1772 229 15 6

*773 222 18 8

Year, ended at Midsummer* — - 1774 235 12 2

*77 5 276 3 2

1776 477 2 IO

*777 215 8 8

1778 258 16 6

*779 310 13 a

Total - - I- 2,6tO 2 8

Excise-Office,7 . Edinburgh, J3°th

May 1780.

Ex . Thos T. Wharton, Gilb. Laurie.

Rob. Chalmers, Accomptant Gen1.

James Bruce, Accomptant

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Ordered, That the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. ingrossed.

Bill with the Amendment be

Humberfton’t An>tngrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estatet. for veiling certain Manors and Hereditaments, situate in the County of Lincoln (which, by the Will of Thomas Humberfton, Esquire, deceased, were devised to Thomas Frederick Mackenzie H, Esquire, for his Life, with several Remainders over, in strict Settlement) in Trullees, for the Purpose of felling the fame; and laying out the Monies to arise from such Sale in the Purchase of certain other Hereditaments, Part of the Estates of the Right honourable Kenneth Mackenzie, Earl of Seaforth, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be settled to the Uses to which the Estates intended to be sold now Hand limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dundas, Mr. Pownall,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

Prawlack on Coffee.

Mr. Purling, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee, imported by the East India Company in the Ship Europa in the Year One thouliind Seven hundred and Seventy five, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend Two Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, with respect to the Limits of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, and the Seas adjacent tiicreto; and to

enlarge the Time for the Return of the Vessels employed in the Whale Fisheries, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he road the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Tune, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House s„ to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 1 upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raile the Sum £. of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Sill, and made several Amend;, ments thereunto; which they had directed himio'ie-'’ port, when the House willpleafe to receive the feme.

OrSered,

Whak

Fi&cry.

1,000,000.

20 Geo. III. 2

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Svpply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House S nking to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

*uu"' upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain

Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s most gra- cious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the

15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown, and to the Sums which should arise by the Sale of the Ceded Islands being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Exportation Ordered, That Mr. Pen/on do make the Report from of Copper. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill

to rellrain the Exportation, and carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Sheets, or Copper in Bars, for a Time to . be . limited, under certain Regulations, was committed.

Mr. Pentcn accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they h. d directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Riots in Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House London; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to^Ber to us upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have acted arrive in in the Suppression of the late Riots and Tumults in and their about the Cities of London and and Bo-

Supprtffion. rough of Southwark, and for the Preservation of the Public Peace, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chairof the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tore-port, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Hardwick, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Vol. 37.

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Accounts the House, pursuant to their Order, Qrajn

An Account of Grain warehoused for Three Years, warehoused. from the 31 ft May 1777 to the 31 1780; dif-

tinguishing the Species, when imported, and delivered for Home Consumption, Exportation, and what remains.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account’ was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ’ Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," as relates to the warehousing of Corn.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for explaining and amending so much of the said Act as relates to warehousing.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Yonge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir George Yonge accordingly repotted from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Importation Reading of tire Bill, now ingrossed, to alter the Duties upon Foreign Thread Lace imported into this King- Foreil»nLace. dom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to alter the Duties upon Foreign Thread Lace imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Parker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Encouragement Discorery and Reward of Persons making lesser Discoveries for of the finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Longitude. Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other Useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion

914

6° — ay0 Junii. 1780.

Toprie'on A Mot-ton was made, and the Question was pro- " Art to regulate the Importation and Exportation of

P k^'u"5 d P°ftd, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for " Corn, as relates to the Method of ascertaining the u ae mi ». more effectUal\y Touring authenticated vouchers of the " Prices of Corn and Grain exported."

Names of the Proprietors in the Public Funds, and their respective Properties in the Cute. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

And the (a.d Motion was, with Leave of the House, Moring, Ten of the Cluck,

withdrawn.

T.ittle Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom LcotUre Bill *or dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Bounds, Precincts, and Liberties, of Little Catworth, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the / 2.5th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 125 Acres of Land; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of 782 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through tire Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House for securing to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the upon the Bill to secure the Protestant Religion in Great *k°iett->Ut Britain, from any Encroachments of Popery, by more e igion. ffkftua]iy retraining Pa pits, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, from teaching, or taking upon themselves the Education or Government of, the Children of Protetants, be now read. '

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ellis took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Ellis reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ellis accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which tie Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in nis Place; and afterwards d-livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendment, be printed, as fhdl be sufficient for the Ule el t1 e Members of the House.

Oraered, That the said Report be taken into further Confutation Tomorrow Morning.

Thr other Order of the Day being read;

Importation Resolved, Th r this House will, Tomorrow Morn-ot Com. ing, r.olve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoof*, to take into Consideration the Laws by which the Im-por non of Corn is regulated; and also an Act, pass.-d in . tly- K uiteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti'iued, " An Act to exnlam so much of an Act, " made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An *9

Mar its t 270 die;

Anno 20* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1780.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the TH-Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Com- C«worth monable Lands, and ' Valle Grounds, within the Bounds, IkIuIuk. Precincts, and Liberties of Little in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Little Cat worth, in the County of

Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Powvs d> carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Cone air n^.

Mr. Potter reported from ti e Committee, to wlfvn HomberC.or/* the ingrossed Rill from the L rds, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Manors and Heredi u. ni', lituare in the County of Lincoln, (which, by the W 11 <4 mas Hum hers, on, Liquire, d ceased, wr? d.-villd to ‘Thomas Frederick Mack set Humber ft on, Esquire, for

his Life, with several remainders over, in ftrid Settlement) in Trustees, for tl c f’nrpoie of lolling the fame; and lax ing out toe VI ,nes rn nr fe from such Sale, in the Purchase c.t cc tain on u Hereditaments,

Part of the Estates of *li* Right hon-u'abie Kenneth Mackenzie, Earl of S-ea'C" h in ih. K-ngdum of Inland, to be settled to the Ule. to w‘ i h the Estates intended to be sold now Hand lin.11 0, wa*. co nmi'ted; That the Committee had ex unin: me Al'e ation4 of the Bill, and found 1 e foe to be true; and that tie Parties concerned h; t>iven t; ei» Cou.ent to I he Bill, to the Satis* art, n - flu* Co. 1.mil tee; and that the Committee ban j i-im to rcp< rt the Bill to the

House, withe.: v.v A vrdm.nt; and he delivered the Bill in at the T.h! .

And t' - ia.u 8.1! xv 1 \d t' eThird Time.

Rtft.vel, T.t! e B d <1 > pals Order..:, II: 1 fitter do carry the Bill to the Lords; a id a.ea int them, that this House hath agreed to the Lime, xvit! out any Amendment.

An ingr. dk’I Bill to rertrairt the Exportation, and Exportation carrying Cuv'lw Te, of Cupper in S eets, or C ipper in B.rs, fora Tutu to Ke United, under certain Regul.* tions, was nal the Thi d Time.

Resolved, That the Bid doprf- :And that the Title be. An Act to impo'er His Alai fly to prohibit the Exportation, n d to refrain the car ving Coastwise, of Copper in Bus, o. Copper in Streets, for a limited Time.

Ordered, l b; Mr. Stephens d> carry the Bill to the Lrds, and Ucli..- i.ieir Cuntanence.

An ingroTed Bi’lf'rgr nting further Time for al- Drawback lowing cue Draxvmck on the Exportation of C ff e. on imported by the East Inuia Company in the Sb Eu~ ef' ropa it the Y-ar One thousand Seven bundled and Seventy fiv-, was re’d rheThird T.me.

Refol-ji <!, ;Va* th Bid. nYs: And that the Title be, Aa art fur g ar.u.& lutdur Time lor all nvt a the

JLhaw back

ao Geo. III. 270 Junii. 925

Drawback on the Exportation of-Coffee, imported by Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the East India Company in the Ship F.urnpa in the the Petition of the Cotton Spinners, and others, in and

Yoar One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy- adjoining to the County of Lancaster; and also the

five. Petition of John Hilton, Agent for the Cotton Manu-

OrdereJ, That Mr. Purling do carry the Bill to the favorers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Man* Lords, and desire their Concurrence. chtfler, on behalf of the said Manutacturers, were Icve-

itiily referred; and who were impowered to report their v*hale? An imyoifed Bill to explain and amend Two Acts, Opinion to the House, upon the Matters contained in the

Filbcry. made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the said Petitions; That the Committee had examined the Reign of His present Majesty, with icipeft to the Li- Matters of the said Petitions; and had come to Ievcral

mit> of the Greenland Sens and Davis's Streights, and Resoluhons, which they had dirt died him to report; to the Seas adjacent thereto; and to enlarge the Time for the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and' the Return of the Vessels employed in the WhaleFilhe- afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where ries was read the Third Time. the same was read; and is as followeth; viz* 1

Rejoived, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Having gone through a very long* and minute En-

be, An Act to explain and amend Two A£h, made quiry into the Matters contained in the said Petitions,* in ti e Fifuemh and Sixteenth Years of the Reign and finding the Evidence on behalf of the Cotton Spin-

of His present Majesty, with respect to the Li- ners the same in Substance, your Committee have

mits of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Sireights, and drawn up a geneia! State of the Whole', for the In-

the Sens adjacent theieto; and to enlarge the Time formation of the House.

Hr the Return of the Vessels employed in the Whale - The Agents who auendeebyour Committee on behalf I, lac ries. of the Cotton Spinners, examined Ievcral Spinners and

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Weavers, and also fevml other Persons; who said they and desire their Concurrence. had been acquainted with the Cotton Manufacture car-

ried on in the County of Lancaster for several Years; P‘ t*in Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the the Substance of whole Evidence is as follows; viz*

Loi.don; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to That in the Course of the last Summer great Com-to \ indemnify such Persons as have acted in the Suppref- plaints were made, by the Cotton Spinners in Lancafhtre, a&i Mir rr fion of the late Riots and Tumults in and about the for want of Employment, and that many of them were ciiio»». Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of reduced to the utmost Difirefs, and in great Want both Southwark, and for the Picfervation of the Public of Food and Raiment; which the Witnesses attributed Peact*, was committed; ti.e Amendments which the to the Introduction of Patent Machines and Carding Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had Engines, used in the Cotton Manufacture, which have directed him ro report to the House; and he read greatly increased within the lafi Three or Four Years, the Report in lus Place; and afrerwaids delivered the And the Witnesses alleged, that the Goods manu- Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: factured by these Machines and Engines are inferior in

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; Quality to those manufactured by Stock Hand Cards, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the which were in general Ule before the Introduction of Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to the Machines, and afforded full Employment for all the by the House. Manufacturers.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be That the Wages of the Manufacturers have confi-ingroiil-d. ' derably dccreased, as fewer Hands are employed in

working the Machines than Stock Cards — That about Supply ^’115 Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the 16 Years ago a Woman could earn from Ten Pence to

<or railing Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Fifteen Pence a Day by the tingle Spind.e, who can X.ijocojoco. fOJ. en:p0[;ng His Majesty to raise the Sum of One now only get from Three Pei.ce to Five Pence a Day;

Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, and that those who then worked upon Jenneys of 24 was committed, the Amendments which the Commit- Spindles, and earned from Eight to Nine Shillings a tee had made to the Bill; and which they had di- Week, can now only cam from Four to Six Shillings a reded him to report to the House; and he read the Week.

Report in Ids Place; and afterwards delivered the That notwithstanding one of these Machines work* Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk’s Table: ed by One Person, will manufacture as much Cotton

Where the Amendments were Once read through- Yarn as Nine Persons can do by the Hand, yet the out; and then a Second lime, One by One; and, Price of manufacturing such Cotton is not reduced, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed although the Yarn is much inferior in Quality to that to by the House. done from Stock Cards.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be And the Witnesses were of Opinion, that the present ingrossed. Demand for Cotton Goods might be supplied by the Use of Stock Cards only, as there were at this Time Supply Bill; Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the several Looms unemployed, and the People in general Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for are without Work in the Winter. n granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out That the Jenneys are in the Hands of the Poor, of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies and the Patent Machines are generally in the Hands therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One of the Rich; and that the Work is better manufactured thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, was committed; by small Jenneys than by large ones, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the And one of the Witnesses produced ro your Commit- Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the tee, Extracts from the Poor Rates of icveiai P.mlhcs in House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af- the County of Lancaster; in order to shew that for the rewards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in last Six or Seven Years the Poor Rates had c mfider-at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were ably increased; and gave it as his Opinion that the Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Increase had been owing to the Introduction of the Ma-by One; and, upon the Question severally purthere- chines.

upon, were agreed to by the House. Then in Answer to the foregoing Evidence, the

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Agent for the Second-mentioned Petition exa-

ingrossed. ' mined several considerable Manufacturers in the

Vol. 37.. _ n C Cotton

Machinery

ulVd by

('or:t,n

Spin reri.-

L.

Machinery

used by Cottoii Spiuncrt,

o 26 2j° Junii . 1780.

Cotton Trade, and also several Weavers and Spinners; the Substance of whole Evidence is as follows; viz.

That there is at present, and was last Year, full Employment for Persons concerned in the Cotton Manufacture in many Parts of the County of Lancaster -r-T.iat the Wages of Spinners have varied of late Years — 'That last Year a Spinner by the single Spindle could only earn Three Pence or Four Pence a Day, who, by working upon a Jenney, can now get Two Shillings or 2J. 6 d.a Day — That a Fufban Weaver can earn from One Shilling to Two Shillings a Day, and that the Manufacturers in general are not distressed for Want of Employment.

- That the Cotton Manufacture in has in-

creased double within the last Ten Years; and a Cal-licoe Manufactory has been estab ished. and owes its Existence to the Use of the Machines — That the Price of Spinning Cotton Warps has been much reduced; which Reduction has occasioned the Introduction of the Callicoe Manufactory, and improved the Quilting — That the Linen Manufactory has very considerably decreased during the same Period; That the Cotton Manufactory has been supported, by the Use of the Machines, without which, that Manufactory must have funk as well as the Linen; and that the Demand for Cotton Goods could not have been fupnlied, if the Machines had not been made use of — That Cotton Goods were never made better than they have been within these Five Years; and that fewer Complaints of them have been made by their Correspondents abroad frnce the Introduction of the Patent Machines than before, and the Trade in general was never known to ilourish more than in the last Spring.

That if the Machines are supported, and Improvements in them encouraged, the Manufacture will be farther extended — That there are Three Times as many Looms employed now, as there were Ten Years ago; and that if there were many more Looms than there are at present, the Manufacturers would be glad to employ them — That if the Spinning Machines were, prevented from working, it would not be possible to supply the Weaver with Warp equal to the present Demand — That the Wages to the Weaver are higher now than they were Ten Years ago; and that Patent CottOn Warp would answsr as well as Linen in many other Articles besides those to which it is now applied, particularly in all Corded Dimities.

And one of the Witnesses being examined in relation to the Increase of the Poor Rates, acknowledged they were increased’of late Years; but that it was not owing to the Diflrrefs of the’ Manufacturers by the Introduction of the Machines, but to various other Causes.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions; j.'Refohed, That it appears to this Committee, That tire Cotton Manufactures in the county of,

have of late Years greatly increased.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Increase of the said Manufactures is owing to the Introduction of the Patent Machines, which are used in carding, roving, spinning, andtwilting Cotton; and that a very valuable Manufacture of Callicoes has been established in the said County, by the Use of the Patent Machines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the great Demand for the Cotton Manufactures could not pofttbly have been supplied without the Ulc of the Patent Machines; and that there is no Want of Emp'oyment for the industrious Poor.

Resolved, Tint it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if the Manufacturers were deprived of the Use of the Patent Machines, it would be the Means of transfer- . ring those evident Advantages which we now reap from them, into the Hands, of Foreign Nation*, who are our *7

Rivals in the Cotton Trade, and would, in a great measure, be destructive of that valuable Branch of Commerce. .

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quest on severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Hause Neniine Contradicente.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed.

A Petition of Thomas iVa, of , in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Merchant, on behalf of himself and the rest of the Proprietors of the Cotton Works at Birkacre, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, together with some other Persons his Partners, about Three Years ago contracted with Richard Arkwright, of Cromford, in the County of Derby, for a Number of Spindles and Spinning Machines, invented and - constructed by the said Richard,

and for the exclusive Ule whereof he obtained His Majesty’s Letters Patent; and that in order to reap the Benefit of such Cqntraft, and to carry on the Trade of Spinning Cotton, the Petitioner and his Partners, agreed with John Chadwick, late of Burgh within Cher ley, in the said County of , Gentleman,

since deceased, for an old Iron Forge, a Corn-Mill, and other Buildings, Lands, and Premisses, at Birkacre within Charley aforesaid, for a long Term of Years, at the Yearly Rent of One hundred and Eighty Pounds, and upwards; and that the said Machines are worked by Water, and require very strong and great Variety of large Wheels, Shafts, and other Geers and Implement, which are attended with heavy Expence, and that the' Petitioner and his said Partners erected and fixed upon the said Premisses at Birkacre proper Buildings, Wheels, and of her Machinery, and had got Part of the Number of Spindles so agreed fur at Work, which were likely to be attended with Advantage to tha Petitioner, as well as being, as he conceives, of g eat. Utility to the Public, by making Yarn or Thread of a superior Quality to any other now spun from Cotton; but that, upon the Fourth Day of October last, a most riotous and outrageous Mob assembled in the Neighbourhood, armed in a warlike Manner, and after breaking down the Doors of the Buildings, they entered the Rooms, destroyed most of the Machinery, and afterwards let fire to and consumed the whole Buildings, and every Thing therein contained; and that the Lol's sustained by the Proprietors On this Occasion, amounts to Four thousand Four hundred Pounds, and upwards, they having aft u ally expended more, than that Sum in the Premium or Price of the said Spindles, and the said Buildings, Wheels, and Machinery necessary for working the fame; and that, previous to the Destruction of the said Works, the Petitioner (who had been apprized of the Mob’s assembling) applied to the Civil Magistrates in the Neighbourhood, and also ta such Military Forces as were then within any reasonable Distance, and several of such Magistrates, and allb a linall Party of Invalids, which were all the Troops that could be got to the Place in Time, did attend, but were unable to relict the Number^ and Violence of the Rioters; and the Petitioner being advised that the Building* and Property destroyed, were not such as fall within the Description or Meaning of the Statutes, which give an Action to the Party injured to recover Damages against the Hundred wherein the Offence was committed, the Petitioner and the other Proprietors have not brought any such Action, or pursued any other Mode for obtaining Satisfaction for their Lois, nor have they received any Satisfaction or Compensation whatsoever for the lame: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and order that a Satisfaction be made to the Petitioner and the other Proprietors, for the great Injury they have suffered by this lawless Proceeding, in such Way as to Parliament shall seem expedient.

Ordered,

Dcftra&ion

of

WaJflunin’t

Cotton

Machinery,

20 Geo. III.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TC.rs for.hcy »*

Tellers for the Noes, [ Jjj; } loj.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Town Clerk of the City of Wool', tee. S.cond, as retrains the Removal of Wool, and other don do lay before this House, Copies of all the Pio-

Arlivies, to ce’tain Times and Hours therein mention- ceedings of the Courts of Aldermen and Common

ed; wit bout any Amendment: And also, Council of the said City, relative to the late Riots and

Thrtpfton The Lords have agreed to die Bid, intituled, An Act Tumults, from the 2d to the 27th of this Inftunt

Indoture. for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common June, bothinclusive.

Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, ot and within That the Clerk to the Lord Mayor of the

the Manor and Parish of Thrapfun, in the County of City of London do lay before this House, a Copy of his Northampton, without any Amendment: And also, Minute Book or Books, so far as relates to the late

Brixworth The Ixwds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Riots and Tumults, from the 2d to the 27th of this uuoiure. pQJ. dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Instant both inclusive.

Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

and within the Manor and Pari Hi of Brixworth, other- Copies of all Letters from Earl the Lord

wife Brickicjwcrth, in the County of Northampton ;Prelklent of His Majesty’s Privy Council, to the Lord

without any Amendment: And also. Mayor and Sheriffs of the City of London-, and Copies

Grcwclthcrp The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act, of all Letters from the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs of the

lntioiurc. for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, said City to the said Lord President of His Majesty’s or Waste Grounds, in the Manor or Township of Privy Council, relative to the late Riots and Tumults, Giezi'cJthorp, in the West Riding of the County of from the 2d to the 27th of this Instant June% both in* York; without any Amendment: And also, ciufive.

Territories The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A<rt

EastlnJia fnr continuing in the PcfRflion of the United Company Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Company, of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, for a Copies of all Letters from Lord Amherfi to Alderman further Time, and under certain Conditions, the Territo- Wooldridge, and from Alderman Wooldridge to Lord rial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in The Amherfi, relative to the late Riots and Tumults, from Eafi indies; and for reviving and continuing for a fur- the 2d to the 27th of this Instant June> both inclusive. tlier Time, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Tbc Hoi>re was moved, That the CoPies of the An Act for establishing certain Regulations fer the Three lx‘(ters from Lord Amhrfi to Colonel Tmjlelon, €i better Management of the A Hairs of the East India dated Whitehall, the 12th, 13th, and 14th Days of i€ Company, as well in India as in Europeas harh Jun* *7 which were presented to the House upon expired in the Course of the present Year; and for cThurJday last, might be read.

indemnifying the said Company for any Money they And the same were read accordingly* and are ai have paid, or may pay, in or about the Building of fuBoweth \ vtz<

Three Ships of the Line for the Service of the Public* < .

without any Amendment. Gopy °* a Le^r from Lord Amherfi to Colonel Twifie*

And then the Me (lingers withdrew. *6H> dklted Whitehall, 12th June, 1780.

O

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic.

A Mcffugc from the Lords, by Mr. Ho!ford and Mr.

Arp uish:

Mr. Speaker,

Herniating The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act the to repeal so much ot an Act, made in the Thirteenth

Removal an(j J'ourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the

Paper*

relative to the late Kiuti*

Ditto.

Ditto;

Dittos

4

Ditto*

American

Affairs*

Motion 1 A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-respecting posed> That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to invert the Crown with fufKcient Powers to treat, coniult, and* finally to agree, upon the Means of restoring Peace with the Provinces of North America-,

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

f Mr. Hartley* Mr. Baker:

Tellers for the Noes,] e*r0/d

ir button:

So it pafifed in the Negative.

1

s

28.

93-

A Motion was made, and the Quession being put, hat the Prosecution Gf an often live War in America is

Motion

respfstine: Yh;

Amwica'1*1 mo^ evidently a Measure which, by employing o.ur great and er.ormously expensive M)lita:y Operations against the Inhabitants of that Country, prevents this Country from exerting its united, vigorous, and firm Efforts, against the Powers of France and Spain, and has no other Effect upon America than to continue, and thereby to increase, the Enmity which has so long, and so fatally, subsisted between the Arms of both, can be productive of no Good whatever, but by preventing Conciliation, threatens the Accomplishment of the Ruin of the British Empire; . V . - -

Vol. 37.

Sir, Whitehall, 12th June, 17 80.

I Lave received the Favour of your Letter of thi4-Date, with the several Papers inclosed.. If, in the printed Paper, with the Lord Mayor’s Name annexed, Firelocks are meant by the Words " with their " Arms," in the first Article in the Paper, I wholly disapprove of that Intention: No Persons can bear Arms in this Country, but under Officers having the King’s Commissions.

The Inhabitants of the Borough of Southwark, those of th.e Parish of Covent Garden, and of some other Parishes, have formed themfc.ves into1 very useful, arid at the same Time unexceptionable Associations; and it something of the same Kind Was adopted in the City, there is no doubt but much Uie artd great Security would arise therefrom but the using of Firs Arms is improper* unnecessary, and cannot be approved.

I have the Honour to be,

Sir,

Colonel Twifieton.

Copy of a Letter from Lord Amherfi to Colonel Tvoijte-tot, dated- Whitehall-, 13th June, 1780.

Sir, Whitehall, 13th ‘June, 17S0.

I have received the Favour of your Letter of this-Date, on the subject of the Inhabitants of the City being permitted so carry Anns; and I cannot lay more-On the general-Subject, than 1 mentioned in my Letter

to

BUI for

securing the Pioteft-nt Religion.

£28'

S']*' — 2$0 yunit

A. 1780.

to ynu of Yesterday’s Date, was a clear Difap-

probation of that Part of the Lord Mayor’s Plan which regards Arms.

If, therefore, any Arms are found in the Hands of Persons, except they are of the City Militia, or are

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofifed.

The other Order of the D ay being read;

The House resolved itlelt into a Committee of the

Imt>orta*iot

Pei fins authorized by the King to be armed, you will whole House, to take into Consideration the Laws by «f Corn.

be pleated to order the Arms to be delivered up to you, to be safely kept until further Order.

I am,

Sir, c

Colonel Ttvifleton.

Copy of a Letter from Lord to Colonel Tiuijle-

ton, dated Whitehall, 14th , 1780.

Sir, Whitehall, 14th June 1780.

I have had the Honour to receive your Letter of this Dai’s Date; and I have also seen Lieut. Colonel

Giinfield i cannot say more regarding the Proposal for putting Arms into the Hands of the Inhabitants of the Ci y. than is contained in my Letters to you of Monday's and Yesterday’s Date; and I fully approve of your Conduct upon the whole of this Business.

There can be no Doubt that the Aldermen, in pro* poling to arm their Wards, mean, by way of general Defence; but supposing that the assembling the Inhabitants under Arms was legal, the Inconveniences which you have dated to the Mayor, 13c. as likely to arise from the motley Appearance of the armed Inhabitants, in case of the Rioters assembling again, should, I think, be sufficient to induce the Magistrates of the City to drop the Intention.

I have laid before the King’* confidential Servants

which the Importation of Corn is regulated; and also, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present intituled, "An Act to explain

" so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Imporration and Exportation of Corn, as relates to the " Method of ascertaining the Prices of Corn and G.ain " exported."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wyldboretook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Wyldbore reported from the Committee, That he

was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Wyldbore accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to nv va the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, within several Ports and Places therein mentioned.

And Mr. Wyldhoremoved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, within (event Ports and Places therein mentioned: And that Mr.

all your Letters upon this Subject, together with Copies Mr. the Ear! Nugent, Mr. Hartley, Sir George

of my Answers to them, and I am very' glad to inform you, that your Conduct has received their full Approbation, as well as that of, -

Sir,

Colonel TwiJIeton. '

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the First and Second Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act, declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling tC the Succession of the Crown," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the being pro-

moted, That it is the undoubted Right of His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects to be armed for their own Defence, without any Commission from the Crown for that Purpose;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

The House -divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. Alderman Sat*-

Yonge, Sir George Savile, and Mr. Strutt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Two of the Clock on Morning, ad-

journed till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Mjrcuriiy 28* die Jtwii;

Anno 20® Prayers.

Georgii

IIP*' Regis, 1780.

Tellers for the YeasX bridge,

I Mr. Hartley:

~ „ c xr f Mr. Whitjl’.ed Keene, Tellers for the Noes. {Mr.

So it passed in the Negative.

1

1

*9-

100.

f~\RDERED, That the Journal of this House, Jowrabobe from"' the End of the last Session of Parliament to Pr‘ntC-i' the End of this present Session, with an Index to the Thirty-seventh Volume, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, ot John Hatjdl, Esquire,

Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

: The House, accordirg to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to secure the Protestant Religion in Great Britain from any Encroachments of Popery, by more effedually re (training Papists, or. Persons professing the Popish Religion, from teaching, or taking upon themselves the Education’or Government of, the Children* df iProtefta'rits, was committed. " _; -

'And ti.e Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put -thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be gradtoufiy pleated to order the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index to the Thirty-seventh Volume; and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and to allure His Majesty that this House will make gooil the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be preferred to His Majesty, That He will be gracioufiv plealed to order the further Sum of Four thousand Pounds to be advanced, towards defraying the Expence of printing One thousand Two hundred and Fifty Copies of such

Parliamentary

Titto;

ini Prfia ne irry

Kccords.

J

Ar^rmems ihe 2c rr a; it at Arias*

list's in L^i.eiou; Iiu.cijuviy l%> I COOIl)

o«;vc Hi u»w ir fc^ieilion.

S^sply Hi!’; f^r r^ilin *

t ,oco.

*«;>'!v Bill; JHnki’w final*

Vnv.I ^^iui.tce s.

ao Geo. IIL 2S!

Parliamentary and other Records as His Majesty shall think lit; ard i j rdTueHis Majesty, that this House will make good the lame.

Resolved, Thar an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That i 1 e vvd) be graciously pealed to give Directions to the proper Olficrrs, for the fitting up and completing the Anaitments in the additional Build-’ ings belonging to this House, allotted for the Use of John ClemenljQn, Esquire, Deputy Serjeant at Arms attending this House: and to affine His Majesty, that this House will defray all hxpences incurred on that Account.

Ordered, That the find Achlreffes be presented to His Majesty by Inch Members of this House as are of 1 iis Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council.

An ingrcfTed Bi:! to indemnify such Persons as have atfiied in the Suppreffjon H the hue Riots and Tumults in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and B trough of Southwark, and for the Preservation of the Public Pea;e, was read die Third lime.

Ref'Jved, Thar the Bill do pUs: And that the Title be. An Act to ind^rr-mly such Persons as have acted in the Suppression Suppression of the late Riots and Tumults in and about the Cities of London, and Westmianer, and Boroueh of Southwark, and fur the Preservation of the Public Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Dill to the Lords, and deilre their Concurrence.

An ingossed B*.i! f: enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Ides and Purposes therein mentioned, was ro d the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling lbs Majesty to raiie the Sum

. o j j „ #

of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord ua carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An i her rolled Bill for rrr, antinrr to His Majesty a ccr*

>- CD. o . J \ J \ r

tain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying Certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thou find Seven hundred and Eighty, was read the Third Time.

'Tlefolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to!I:s Majesty a certain Sum of Mo:rev out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the bear One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty; and for Tnther apnropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dehre their Concurrence.

Sir Herbert Alack-corth report eJ from the Committee, who were appointed to consider whether by any and by what Means, more efieTual ihicouragenicnt can be given to Volunteers to enter on board lbs Majesty *s Ships of War, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; Tea: the Commiuce had contidered the Matter to them referred; and having examined the Heads ot a Plan fur the biter Regulation of Mariners in the Merchants Service; and also for the Establishment of a Feilowiliip of Seamen, under certain Conditions and Encouragements, to induce Men to enr-r into a voluntary En^a^ement to lerve on board His Majesty's Ships of \\ ar,°whenever their Affiance may be wanted therein for the Service of the State, had come to a Resolution; which they had dire feed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aitcr.va.rds delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Wi.ere the same was read; and the Resolution of the Committee is as followeih; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 'Vol. 37-

' Junii. 929

That the said Plan is ddervins; the Attention of Pa:-liament.

Ordered, That the said Renort do lie upon the Table.

Ordered That the said Report be printed.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of Ibis Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Sir Richard Sutton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Juries Keir; and also, the Petition of Peter Theodore De Bruges; and also, the Petit ion of James Watt, of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick^ Engineer, on behalf of himself and of Doctor joseph Black, Professor of Chymistry in the University of Edinburgh; and also, the Petition of John Co!/ifon; and also the Petition of Joseph Fry, and also, the Petition of Richard Shannon, of the Barish of Saint Ala* tin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex; and alf), the Petition of ljauc Cookson, Esquire, of Newcojlle upon Tyne, on behalf of himself and Edward JVHJgh of South Shields, in the County of Durham, were Cverally referred; and who were impowered to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the Third, Fourth, and Fifth-mentioned Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Petition of the said John Col*

//Jon,

Samuel More, Esquire, Secretary to the Society for the Encouragement of Arts and Sciences, being examined, said, That Mr. Coliifon gave him some Alkali Salt; which he produced to your Committee, and which Mr. Coliifon informed him he had produced from Sea Salt — That he did not fee the Process, but that he is convinced that it is an Alkali of that Kind, commonly called the Foflil or Mineral Alkali — That he has tried the Properties of it by Experiment; and found, that when combined with the Vitriolic Acid, it made a very good Globar Salt; of which he produced to your Committee a Specimen; and lays, that lie believes it is equally as strong (from the Taste and Combination of Vitriolic Acid) as the Salt extracted from Barillia — That there is a great Difference in Ba-rillias as to Strength; and that it will go farther in Ule than the Barillia as imported, and is much the same as Mr. Fordyce's.

Mr. Coliifon then produced to your Committee, Three B >ttles of the Salts made by him; and fays, They are all fit for the Purposes to which that Kind of Alkaline Salt is applied: And,

Mr. More, being further examined, said, That he has tried the Salt in Two of the Bottles, and chat there is some Sea Salt in them — That he never met with any without tome — And that they are as pure as those Salts generally are.

Mr. Joseph Fry, being then examined, said, That he is acquainted with the Process in Chymistry by which Mr. Coliifon separates the Acid from the Sea Salt — That he has Lea and attended the Process — That he has made great Quantities himself — That ic is superior in Quality to the Barillia as it is sent over — That it is the same as Salt of Barillia, and is half as good again as Barillia; and will answer the Purpose of Barillia in making Soap and Glass — That he has made many Tons, aid converted it into Soap — That it can be made in any Quantity, at an Expence equal to Barillia at Twenty-five or Twenty-six Shillings per Hundred, if no Duty is paid for the Salt; but if it pays a Salt Duty it cannot be afforded at the Price of Barillia — That Mr. Coliifon s Process is precilely the same with

11 D that

Manufacture

of

Marine Acid.

030 2 8° Junii. . 1780.

that by which he made a Sample at — That Mr.

Colli[onand he worked together, and made a Sample; and when he went Home he male another Sample with William Fripp by the same Process — That Mr. Colli [on s is made from common Sea Salt, without any other Mixture of any Kind of Alkali — That Mr.

lifon has made Marine Acid in large Quantities; and that it is possible to five it in the Process he makes use of to get the Alkali, if it is thought worth while; but that lie did not lave it when they made the Sample — That he law the whole Process with Mr. Collifon, and made the Sample with him — That Mr. Collifon is . as well acquainted with the Process as l e is — That he made the Marine Acid Two or Three Years ago — That his Price is Four Pence p Pound; and that he has heard him lay, he has fold large Quantities at Two Pence Halfpenny and Three Pence Pound — That

Mr. Collifon has at present no established Manufactory, but is beginning one in Southwark — Tnr.t he himle f has made great Quantities — That he did not always crystalze it but made it into Soap-Lees. - And the Witness further added, That the two Samples which he then produced are made by the same Process as that he made with Mr. Coll fen; and that bethinks Soot will not prejudice the Alkali much.

Mr. William Fripp, being examined, said, That the Two Samples were made from Sea S.Ur, and were made by Mr. Fry in his Presence — That they did not lave the Marine Acid in this Experiment — That lie never made any before by the same Process, and that they do not make use of Wood-Allies, or other Alkali, in separating this.

The Two Samples of Alkali were then delivered to Mr. More, who was requelled to make Experiment of the same; And,

Mr. More afterwards attending your Committee, produced a Specimen of neutral /Salt, which he made from the Samples. — And being further examined, he said, lie prepared it by fat mating it with the Vitriolic Acid, and then suffering it to cnftulize; and that as it appears to be a good Gobar Salt, he is satished the Alkali is of the nature of Foffil Alkali, and good of its Kind — That there was not more Residuum in the Experiment than in the belt Salt extruded from 13a-riIlia — That he thinks there was not more Sea Salt in the Residuum than in the belt Salt extracted from Batil’.ia, that he has ever seen — And that he never law any Bari! lia but what had Sea Salt in it.

Then in support of Mr. Watt's Petition,

Mr. Matthew Bolton, being examined, laid, That he

is a Merchant, and lives near — That he

knows of Dr. Black and Mr. Walt's having discovered a Method of extracting Mineral Alkali from Sea Salt many Years ago — That he has seen Mr. separate

the Mineral Alkali from the Sea Salt — That the Alkali can be made much purer by this Process than any of ihc Barillia imported — That the Materials or Substance which Mr. Watt uses are to be had in any Quant it y, and exceedingly cheap — That there is no orher Alkaline Substance in this Process — That he is not at all in-tcrcued in the Success of Mr. Watt's Application. — And the Witness being asked. Whether the Process is the same with that of Mr. he said, That Mr.

Heir's Process was also invented by Mr. Watt in Con-junedien with Dr. Black-, but that Mr has also

invented another Process, which he apprehends is equally as good, if not better — That the Sea Salt by this Process is so fully decomnofed as to produce as good Alkaline ''alt, as is generally used for those Purposes that Alkaline Salt is commonly used for — That it may be made perfectly pure; the making of which will not dimi- nish the Quantity much — That he does not know of any great Quantities being made — That he knows only or that made to ascertain the Practicability of the Process — That whatever Vessels are requisite in that

*4

Process are very easily procured — That he never had a Proof or Trial in large, but he can judge from a single Ounce as well as from a Ton Weight — Tirat lie saw' some Alkali produced from Mr. Watt's Process, in the Year 177*; and he law Alkali obtained by another of his Procefies within this Week — That he was not present the whole Time of the Process, but is satisfied of as good Alkali being produced by this Process as by any other — That he does not know any of the Marine Acid has been saved, as there was no Intention to save any.

James Black, Esquire, a Merchant in London, being also examined, laid. That he had a Correspondence with his Brother the Doctor, in June and July 1769; whereby he was fully certain of his having discovered a Method of decomposing common Salt, and obtaining therefrom a Foffil or Mineral Alkali, suited to most of the Purposes of other Alkaline Salts, and that Mr. Walt had a Share in the Invention.

Then in support of Joseph Frys Petition,

Mr. John Collifon, being examined, said, That he knows the Method by which Mr. Fry separates the Foffil Alkali and Marine Acid from common Salt —

That it is much superi.tr in Quality to 5 Barillia; and he believes will answer all the Purposes in the Manufactures in which Barillia is used — 'That he can retain the Marine Acid if he pleases — That he teparated the Marine Acid in the Process in making the Samples produced to the Committee; but in so final! an Experiment it was not worth preferring — That he and Mr. Fry went through the Process together — That lie knows the Marine Acid may be fared, liom the nature of the Process — That he has laved large Quantities in his own Manufacture — That his Process is the same as Mr. Fry’s — -That he does not know whether Mr. Fry's Alkali will bleach Linen; but that it is as pure a Foffil Alkali as can be obtained from Barill a.

Air. William Fripp, one of the Superintendants of Air. Fry's Manufactory, being then examined, laid.

That he was present at the Time Mr. Fry made the Ai kali delivered into the Committee, and which was examined by Mr. More; and that Mr. Fry has made use of his Salts of Alkali in the Soap Manufactory; and that he carries on a very large Manufactory.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Air. Sibthorpepresented to the House, according to Impurtatic*

Order, a Bill for further regulating and ascertaining of Cura, it the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain within several Ports and Places therein mentioned:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Air. Holford and

Air. Anguish:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply M; for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Starch and Hair Powder imported, and upon Starch made in Great Britain, and upon Sweets; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act putr oa for 1 epea ir.g an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of Pori the feign or His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on " cences to be takeu out by all Persons Jetting Hcrfes " to hire for travelling, in the Manner therein mentioned;

Halifax,

&c. Small Debts.

20 Geo. III. a8° Junii.

'* tioned; and certain Duties on all Horses let hire " lor the Purposes of travelling Pod, and by Time,

" and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned j" and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof} without any Amendment: Andallb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act!, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Rci'gn, as relates to the more ea(y and f, cedy Recovery ot finall Debts, within the Parifl.es of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley,

Binglex, GitijWey, Career ley, Bailey, hvjtall, M:rfield, Havtijhcad cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirk he at on, Kir hour-ton, and Huddersfield, and t!ie Lord ship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York; an3 for granting other Powers for those Purposes; and for extending the JurisclicLon of the Court Baron of the Manor of Kighby, in the Lid C ainty; with some Amendments; to whi h Anvm ments the Lords desire (he Concurrence of this I !o -.e.

And th.n the Meilei gers wir: mw.

The I Joule proceeded to take me said Amendments into Confederation.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 2. Leave out from tha:" to44 bona,"

in Line 6, and inleit <c Thomas Thornhill, William Walker, Se- nior, John Cargill, John Royds,

44 and john Esquires, the

44 Reverend Henry Wood, 1). D.

44 the Reverend Robert Charles-u worth, C ei k, the Reverend Ed- ward Nelson, Clerk, William Newby, John Ferguson, John Mitchell, Senior, Isaac Han/on,

44 Christopher Raw fen, Jeremy Lfi- tery Jnfhet Lifer, John Prieji/y,

44 William Pol and, Senior, Samuel u Waterkoij'e, John Waterhouse, IVidiam Thnlkeld, John Alex-u ander, John Hamilton, James Cooke, Joseph Brim/ex, lb idiom 44 Bo/Lind, John Hudson, George Pollard, William Smith, John Swire, W'uiiam Buck, Michael Bairjlow, Joseph Benson, Robert " Butterfield, Senior, Richard Bracken, John Raw Jen, Chrifi- .

" tr[ her Rawden, Benjamin Irwin,

41 John Ramflen, and Henry Ha- mer, being shirty-nine Refiants <c a id Inhabitants within the said 44 i a i(h of Halifax; that Edward Leedes, Charles Swain, Booth €i Sharp, Tom is Atkinson, Jojliua Field, and Abraham Balme, EL *4 quires, the Reverend James €t Sykes, Clerk, the Reverend Ro-<c bert - utUr, Clerk, John Hujiler,

44 John Horner, Charles Booth, Isaac Hotlines, William Hardiafile, J u- n o:, Thomas Hardcafi/e, the Elder, John Prefion, Richard n Stocks, i\aihan Jewett, John 4< Greenwood, George Greenwood,

44 William North, Abraham Bower,

4< John Jarrait, William Swain,

44 Jfinta Firth, Senior, Joseph Pol- lard, Thomas Hodgson, Anthony Wright son, Robert Ramjbotham,

44 William Wright, Thomas Skelton,

44 and Richard Hodfden, being Thirty Kefiants and Inhabitants " wl: hill the said Parish of Brad- ford; that the Reverend Charles Know It on. Clerk, John Chapman,

VOL. 37.

93 1

u John Craven, the Reverend Sa- viuel Philips, Jonathan Wright,

44 Them as Cockjhtt, James Bar-4t wick, James Greenwood, John <c Greenwood, Jo in Driver, Joseph Smith, JjJu Sugden, A hr alium Smith, Thomas Cure, Samuel 44 B la key, William Newfholme,

te Michael Co ufen, C hr if up k ?r S mith,

44 of Utley, William Oliver, Thomas u Ho. sfiiand John Horsfall’ be ing twentyone Refunts and u Inhabitams within the fa:J Pa-f< rish of K'ghley; that Benjamin €i Ferrcmd, Henry Wickham, Johnson Atkinson Busfield, and John " Prodtor, Esquires, James Murgatroyd, Jonathan Pie/e, John " Booth, Francis Lifter, and Tho- mas Cockfhott, being Nine Re-fiants and Inhabitants withia 41 the said Parish of Bingley; that Walter Spencer Stanhope, and William Stanhope, Etquires, the €i Reverend James Willoughby,

44 Clerk, John Marshall, Jeremiah " Marshall, Richard Clayton, John Brown, Benjamin Hird, Thomas Houlden, JMtf Thomas

44 Burnett, and 7/;^/; Marshall,

44 being Twelve Refiants and In- habitants within the said Parish of Gufeley; that the Reverend Thomas Faber, Clerk, John Colt,

<c Senior, Barnes, Wi liam

44 Walker, Rude life, Jere-

44 miah Clifford, Henrx Slater, John Murehouse, and James Booth,

44 being Nine Reliams and Inlia- bitants within the said Parish of 44 C alver ley; that Tay lor, Tho-

u mas Thomson, Hen y Prefion,

Esquires, the Reverend Joseph Hargraves, Clerk, /V/// Turlon,

44 Esquire, Joseph Bennett, joshua c< Tay.or, Wiliam Lifer, Junior,

Samuel Webjler, John Sharp,

44 Charles Steer, and Jowett, f4 being Twelve Refiants and In*

44 habitants within the said Parish of; that Bi/ton,

<c Esquire, Joseph Stainthorp, y^- remiah Rhodes, Martin Charles- worth, John Rhodes, William CharleJworth, Thomas Gommer- /?//, Thomas Walker, Caleb Crow- ther, John Beevor, Timothy Crowtlier, Thomas Cockill, joseph Mann, Richard Rayner, Joseph 44 yi?//?/ Green, Benjamin

i4 Broadley, y^/^/ Range/ey, y'c/Z'/x 44 Wood, Benjamin Wnkhifon, and Thomas Brooke, being Twenty-<c one Reliams and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Sofia I I; 44 that Joshua Ingham ^Francis Led- Samuel Walker, Jgjeph

44 Marriott, Joseph B> coke, James Shepley, Robert Ho Id [worth, jo- Jhua thrjl, and Samuel Brooke, 44 bein^ JSine Reliants and Inhabitants within the hid Parish of " MirfiilJ't tliatS;r Gcojc Army(ay 1bi: mer, G.’or^ and

" Hamuii P(,pt>U^Ay lx ing T ree R.cjiant»amiLuubii.ants within

« the

932

a 8' J

Halifax, Icc. Small Debti.

1. 21.

1* 24> ? &as. 5 Pr. 3. 1. 9.

" the said Parish of cum

" Clifton; that " Atkinson, George " >i» Dyson, John " jamin InghamJofeph Kaye, Se-

" nior, Robert Jonathan

44 Shaw, Daniel Taylor, Robert Walker, and William

being Twelve Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish " of Almondbury; that Sir ?$//« " Z,//?er Kaye, Baronet, Richard Henry Beaumont, Esquire, the " Reverend /o^« , Clerk,

44 Samuel Walker, John Brooke, 44 Charles Brooke, John Walker, Richard Wheatley, Richard Cock /if//, Rickard William

" Walker, Joseph Hindi life, Joseph " Atkinson, William Yates, and " Richard Taylor, being Fifteen Refiants and Inhabitants within " the said Parish of;

" that William Horsfall, Esquire, " Richard Gill, Matthew Booth, " John Booth, Benjamin Stocks,

" bald Tinker, John Tinker, Joseph " Firth, Edward Ellis, the Reverend John Harrop, Clerk, Uriah Tinker, James Shazu, John Bray, " George Moorehouse, Christopher " Green, Joseph Wi/fon, John Ken-"worthy, and Ely Wimpenny, being Eighteen Refiants and Inhabitants within the said Parish " of Kirkburtonj that William " Radcliffe, Esquire, John Armytage, Joseph Michael

Atkinson, Joseph,

‘‘ mund Bothamley, Benjamin Haigh, " James Dyson, Thomas Hclroyd, " y?//« Haigh, Thomas,

'* Abraham Horsfall, John Hudson, " Houghton, John Moorehouse, tC James Midweed, Jonathan Ni-4‘chols, Thomas Oldfield, George " Styring, William Whit acre, John " Whit acre, Benjamin Wt " Ham Waterhouse, and William " Walker, being Twenty-four Refianfs and Inhabitants within the " laid Parish of Huddersfield; and " that Tempest, Esquire, AichardSteed, Matthias Whitehead, " being Three Refiants and In-‘‘ habitants within the said Lordship or Liberty of Tong, making " in all Two hundred and Thirtyseven Persons, who, and their " Successors, to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, being."

After " Entertainment " insert " together with their Successors, to " be elected in Manner hereinaf ter " mentioned."

Leave out doring such Residence."

Leave out from " ever" to and, " in Press 4. 1. 3. and insert " at " Bradford aforesaid, on the first " Wednesday in the said Month of " August 1780, and also on the

" first Wednesday in every Calen- dar Month thenafter, for ever;

" at Kighley aforesaid, on the Se-9

Pr. 5. 1. 18.

CLAUSE ( A. )

Clause (B).

A. 1780.

" cond Monday in the-Mornh of " Septemoer 1780, and also on the Second Monday in the several " Calendar Months of December, " March, June, and " thenafter, for ever; at " aforesaid, on the Second Monday " in the Month of October 17U0, " and also on the Second " in the several Calendar Months " of January, April, July, and Octo-

" ber, thenafter, for ever; at Caher " ley aforesaid, on the Second Mm-

" day in the Month of November " 1780, and also on the Second " Monday in the several Calendar " Months of February, May, August, and November, thenafter, " for ever; at aforesaid. On

" the Third Monday in the said Month of September 1780, and " also on the Third Monday in the said several Calendar Months of " December, March, June, and " September, thenafter, lor ever; " at Birflal aforesaid, on the Third " Monday in the said Month of " October 1780, and also on the " Third Monday in the said several Calendar Months of Jonuen, " Apr:, July, and October, then- ai lot ever; at Clifton afore- on the Third Monday in the said Month of November, 44 1780, and also on the Third Monday in the several Calendar Months of February, May,

44 gujl, and November, thenafter, 44 for ever; at Huddersfield a " said on the Fo

44 the said Months of September ci 1780, and also on the Fourth Monday in the said several Calendar Months of December, " March, June, and September, " thenafter, for ever; at Almondbury aforesaid, on the Fourth " Monday in the said Month ot " October iy8o, and also on the Fourth Monday in the said feve- ral Calendar Months of Jann- ary, April, July, and October,

44 thenafter for ever; at Kirkbur- ton aforesaid, on the Fourth Monday in the said Month of November 1780, and also on the Fourth Monday in the said feve- ral Calendar Months of ary. May, August, and November, thenafter, for ever."

After proper" insert Clauses (A,) and (B).

44 And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That " it shall and may be lawful for

44 the said Commissioners, or such

" Commissioners as shall be hereafter ele<sted or any Thirteen of " them, to choose and elect, from " Time to Time, any other Person or Persons to be a Commis- fioner or Commissioners, being qualified as aforesaid."

" And be it further Enaifled,

44 That the aforesaid Parishes and Lord ships shall be and are

" hereby

20 Geo. III.

28° Junii — fJuHl.

933

Adjourn*

men:.

" hereby divided into Five Districts <c (that is to lay) the IV.rish of " H.ilfiaxshall he one Difind " the several Pari the s of " C 'niffyand and the

" Lordship or Liberty of <c another DiOiid; the several " Parish.s of and Bing ley

' another Didr.el; the several

" Parishes of Mir field,

" ley and cum

" another District; and the cve-u ral Pari fires of " mensbury, and

€< Heaton, another District."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir George do carry the Bill to

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Refill: ed, That this House will, at the Rising of the House tins Day, adjourn till Monday next.

fe’ves the Education or Government of, the Children of

Prof chants.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Committed Ordered, That all Committees have leave to fit, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Paper

respectin£ Ri hmotid Bridge.

T1 ie House being informed that Mr. ,from the Commissioners of Richmond Bridge, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Iloule, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Richmond Bridge Cash Account, " for the Year 1778 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Richmond Bridge Cash Account, " for the Year 1779."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, '1 hat the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The 1'aid Papers are prclerved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bill for

feiuri'-g th*

Pr-.ielUnt

Reii^ioo.

A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill to secure the Pruteflatat Religion in Great Britain, from any Encroachments of Popery, by more ciilCt ually re-llraining Papills, or I’erlons protlffing the IVpifh Religion, from reaching, or taking upon themselves the Education or Ciovernment of, the Children of Protefcants, be now read the Third Time;

A Petit.on ot certa n Teachers of Academies, in the Couniy of Middlesex, relating to the said ingr died Bill, was oiTered to be pretented to the House.

And the Quetlion being put. That the said Petition he brought up;

The House divided.

Tire Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, \ r.

I M r.:

rr. , r 1 \ Sir GRcbirJon,

J ci.ers for the Noes, < ., v.

( Mr. Kobinjon:

So if pa {Ted in the Negative.

A Petition of certain Schoolmiflrefles, iit the County of A Jidait/ix, Likewise relating to the said u^effect Bill,

was also oiTered to be pretented to the 1 route.

And the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said in groked Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to iecuie the Protestant Religion in Great Rri:a nfrom any Encroach mt-nts of Popery, by more eff itualiv retraining Papills, or Peril'ns profeiiing the Popilb Itelig ion, from teaching, or taking upon them-ot. 37.

} 8-

} 3‘-

\ Lwics, 3® die Julii;

Anno 200 III Georgii IIP" Regis, 178a

Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Sir Francis Mo’ynettx, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Afl’ent to several A<5is agreed upon by both Houses, do detire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Af-sent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering the Lord Archbifinp of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of B

the Lord Proficient of the Council, the I ord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the L cd McMffh >p of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Prrfldent of the Council, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills-, which Bills arc as followed); viz.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Sen-ice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty:

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Starch and Hair Powder imported, and upon Starch made in Great Britain, and upon Sweets:

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of 1 lis pres nt Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to his Maj-fly certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by ad Persons letting Horles " to hire for travelling, in the Manner therein mentioned,

" and certain Duties on all Horles jet to hire for the " PurpolTs of travelling Pod, and by d ime; end upon " certain Carriages therein mentioned and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof:

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as red rains the Removal of YV 00!, and other Articles, to certain limes and Hours therein mentioned:

An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback on the Exportation of C nee, imported by the E.ijl Lidia Company in the Ship Europe: in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy* five:

An Act for continuing in the Puffed;on of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Jodies, for a further Time, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquilmons and Revenues lately obtained in The Eoji Indies, and for reviving and continuing, for a further Time, lb much of an Ac:, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of ^i\^ pr.gvnt M.i-jesty, intituled, "An Act for eitabhihing certain Re-1 U " gulation*

Royal Affirm (0 hills.

934 3* Juki- A 1780.

gulalions for the better Management of the Affairs w of the Raft indie Company, as well in indm as in Europe'* as hath expired in the Course of the present Year; and for indemnifying the said Company for any Money they have paid, or may pay, ia or about the Building of Three Ships of the Line for the Service of the Public'.

An Act to explain and amend Two Acts, made in the fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, with respect to the Limits of the Greenland Seers and Davis's Straights, and the Seas adjacent thereto; and to enlarge the Time for the Return of the Vessels employed in the Whale Fisheries:

An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Dilcove- ries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating the reto:

An Act to empower His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and to restraia tire carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Bars, or Copper ia Sheets, for a limited Time:

An Act to veil certain Me flu ages. Lands, Tenements, -and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better Securing His Majesty’s Dock, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham:

An Act to repeal lb much of an Act, nude in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the more e&fy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford,

Binvley, Gufdy, Calverley, bat ley, ’,

Hartshead-turn Clifton, Kirk-

burton and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and Ior granting other Powers lor those Purposes; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Court Baron of the M&ior of Klghley, in the find County:

An Act for vesting certain Manors and Hereditaments, situate in the County of Lincoln (which, by the Will of ‘Thomas Humherfion, Esquire, deceased, were deviled to Timm Frederick NLscietizie Humission, Esquire, for his Life, with several Remainders over, in strict Settlement) in Trustees, for the Purpose of felling the lame; and laying out the Monies to arise from such Sale, in the Pure hale of certain other Hereditaments, Part of the Estates of the Right honourable Kenneth Lari of Soaforth in the Kingdom of to be let-,

tied to the Uses to which the Estates intended to be sold now Hand limited:

An Act for dividing and inclosing tire Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Thrapfion, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of other wile Rckklefworih, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Manor or Township of Grewelthorp, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and indosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows', Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Little Cat worth, in the County of

Huntingdon.

Answex t# Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to the *ddreUes. House, That their Addresses of Wednesday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds to be advanced to John fell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End ol this present Session, with an Index to the Thirty-

seventh Volume, and to defray such extraordinary Expenses as have been, or shall be, incurred on account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and also, the further Sum of Four thofaund Pounds, to be advanced towards defraying the Expence of printing One thousand Two hundred and Fifty Copies of fadv Parliamentary and other Record? as His Majesty shall think fit, and to assure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame; and acto, that His Majesty would be gractoufiy pleated to give Directions to tlfe proper Officers for the fitting up and completing the Apartments in the additional Buildings Belonging this House, allotted for the Use of John Clemen, Jo:,

Esquire, Deputy Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and to assure His Majesty that this House will defray all Expences incurred on that Account) had been pretented t-o His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House* that He will give Diwftions as ddired by the said Act-dresses.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household preferred to the papa-, House, purlhant to thiir Order, respectingWie

Copies of Letters from the Lord Pnffident of the . ®‘*>» Council to the Lord Mayor of London-, and ,n kowfon. also of letters from the said Lord Mayor to the -Lord President of the Council, relative to the late Riots and Tumults, from the 2d to the 27th of June, 1780; and also Copy ol a Letter from the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex;

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from the Lords erf the Council to the Lord Mayor of London, dated the 9th of Jttne,

17S0: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the Lord Mayor to the Lord President, dated 10th of June, 1780; And all'o,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from the Lord President to the Lord Mayor, dated nth June, 1780: And

also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from the Sheriffs of London. and Middlesex to the Lord President, dated 12th June,

1780: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from the Lord Mayor to the Lord President, dated 14th June, 1780, with Copies of Three Inclosures: And allb,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from the Lord President to the Lord Mayor, dated 15th June, 17So: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from the Lord Mayor to the Lord President, dated 17th 1780: And

also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from the Lord President to the Lord Mayor, dated noth June, 1780: And

also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from the Lord Mayor to the Lord President, dated 24th June, 1780.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preftrved amongst the other Papers of this Seflkwi.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr.

Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lftrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Discomy of for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Per- the fons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longi- Lmjiwdt. tude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Expo;t»tio» Act to impower His Majesty to prohibit the Exporta- ot Ceppe. tion, and to restrain the Carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Bars or Copper in Sheets, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also,

18 The

r

J

20 Geo. III.

3* — 4* — 5* Juti.

L*t!e . Catworth

Ir.closure.

'thale

Fishery*

Gloucester Gaol and Streets, &c,

Paper*

wiped; ng the Riots in London.

0 +w.

Drawback The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act o Coffee. for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee, imported by the India Cofnpany in the Ship Europa in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common anu Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Little , in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment: And also, The I-ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend Two Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, with respect to the Limits of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Slreights, and the Seas adjacent thereto; and to enlarge the Time for the Return of the Vessels employed in the Whale Fisheries; without ahy Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting a New Gaol and House of Corr "ion, and for removing certain Gateways, in the City’ a:

terand for amending the several A .'ts passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the f;.i ! City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the Street? there; with tome Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence -f this House.

And then the Messengers Wi.i.drew.

a

The House being informed that Mr. Rt\ Town Cleric of the City ct London, attended at. the *Mor; he was called ift; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

- Copies of the Proceedings of the Court of -i :t!ermen of the City of London, relative to the late Hiots and Tumults, from the 2d to the 27th of June, 1780: And also.

Copies of the Proceedings of the Court of Common Council of the City of relative to the late

Riots and Tumults, from the 2d to the 27th of , 1780.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Copies are preserved amongst the Other Papers of this Session.

Ditto. The House being informed that Mr. , Clerk

to the Lord Mayor of the City of , attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Copy of the Minute Book kepi: by the Clerk to the Lord Mayor, so far as relates to the late Riots and Tumults, from the id to theayth of 1780, both Days inclusive.

A nd then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

A Mefluge from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Earner:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill; intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

Supply Pill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act SinkirgFund. for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty; and for further . 37-

m

appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Pariiirnent; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

Mar I is} 4° dieJulii; Anno 20* Georgii IIIlil Regis, 1780.

Praters.

THE House met; end being counted by Mr. The House Speaker, it appeared that. Forty Members were eounte<i 0Bt* not present j. yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr.

Speaker took the Chair, and adjourned the House, without a Question first ptit, till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 5* die Julii’,

Anno do* Georgii ill- Regis, 1780. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr, Earner:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine; take, and flute, fhr Public Accounts of the Kingdpm; and to report what B-Laces are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service; and what Delefts there are in the present Mode, of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for*..Public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and leis expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated, and carried on for the Benefit of the Public; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have acted in the Suppression of the late Riots and Tumults in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and for the Preservation of the Public Pea‘cej without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

of Public Account*.

Riot* in London; Indemnity to Perron* . adtire in thdx Supprefl^on.

Supply Rill

for railing *,090,000.

Mr. reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire into the State of the Health of the Prisoners now confined in the King’s House at chester.-, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had inquired accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report tb the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the feme, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s 1 able: Where the Report was read j and tlfe Resolutions of the Committee areas followeth; viz.., Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, the Dif-order which has reigned in the Prison at , ori-

ginated with the Spanish Prisoners, and was the Chnfe-quence of an Infection brought on Shore with them when first landed; supposed to be contrafted by their Length of Confinement on Board of Ship in the Winter Season, and in great Measure to their own indolence and Want of Cleanliness.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the -Distemper is a contagious malignant Fever of the Gaol Kind, but not a Pestilence; the Contagion h ving never communicated itself to the Inhabitants the

Town,

Health of Prisoner»at Winchester*

Dr. J. C

Smiths attendance on the Sick at Winchester.

R enlisting the Principality oi Waks,

Royal Assent to Bills.

93 6 ' 5 0 Ju . 1780.

Town, though several of the Attendants of the Hospital, who were fazed with it, were brought into the Town and died there.

Rt’solved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Dubider is net only greatly decreased, but, from the wife and prudent Regulations that have been taken, bids fair to ne loon totally extinguished.

, Refo/ved% That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Comrrnnioners of Sick and Wounded have exerted themselves to the utmost, and been highly meritorious in taking every Measure that could be luggefted to flop the Pr grds of jo great a Calamity.

Rsji.'ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That, by the Skill and Ability ('if, and the Measures pursued by, Doctor James Cannichad Smith, Plnfician of the Middlesex Hospital (whom the C‘*mmissioners of Sick and Wounded procured to go to Winchester upon this Occasion) the Violence of the Distemper reigning among the Prisoners there was first checked, and has been in a State of Decrease ever since, the Number of the Sick in the Hospital being reduced upwards of One Hundred, and ilie 3uriaisin the Two last Weeks have amounted to only Five in each.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Report, with the Appendix thereunto, and the Proceedings of the House thereupon, be printed.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Pa-' pers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Kef abed, Nemine Contradicente., That an humble Ad-

dress be presented to His Majesty, That He will be gra-cioully pleased to take the Merits of the said Doiftor James Carmichael Smith into His Royal Confederation, and to confer upon him such Mark of His Majesty’s-Favour as His Majesty in His Royal Good.ness may think fit.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Mod honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Burke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more perfectly uniting to the Crowd the Principality of Wales and the County Palatine of Chester, and for the more commodious Administration of Justice within the lame; as also for abolishing certain Offices now appertaining thereto, for quieting dormant Claims, ascertaining and securing Tenant Rights, and for the Sale of all Forest J^ands, and other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, held by His Majesty in Right of the said Principality, or County Palatine of Cheji.r; and for applying the Produce thereof to the Public Service: Ancl the same was received; and read the' First Time.

Rfdved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Mi stage by Sir Francis M Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal A flint to several Acts agreed upon by both House3, do deli re the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the Iloule of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the I louie of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Af-

lent to the several Public Ellis therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and feve-Tal other Lords, to declare ami notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Arciibilbop of Canterbury, a;.<! the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and t! rl of Ashburnham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Jloyal Afil-nt to the said Bills; which Bills are as follows tli; viz.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purpffies therein mentioned:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty 3 and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to rqiort what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service; and what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for.

Public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and Ids expen five Manner, the said Services can in future b. regulated, and carried on for the Benefit of the Public

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have acted in the Suppression of the late Riots and Tumults in and about the Cities of Lon,i n and and Borough of Southwark, and for the Prefer vat ion of the Public Peace.

The House was moved, That the several Papers Motion which were presented to the House by Mr. Comp- respcdi.gtla troller of Ye Household, vepon-Monday l ift, relative to tot the late 111 'ts and Tumults, might be read. qa'tjL

And the same were read accordingly. the icon.

The House was allb moved, That an Act, made in the Fan Year of the Reign of King the First,

intituled, "An Act for preventing Tumults and Riotous Assembiies, and for the more speedy and effectual " punishing the Rioters," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fames and Mr.

Pec hell: ,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Riotii# prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience which may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors, Pritbtiers, or others, by the to rtmt(jr Prisoners in several Gaols in the Counties of Middlesex it iconverrenw and Surrey, and the City of London, having been set at toGaoien, Liberty during the late Tumults and Inturreftions; to 4c' which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The salt! Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be commuted to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, rcloive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question hri%g put,

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, mV,: < Bating, That -althouh His faithful Commons have lV*tri.: thought it their indtfpenfabie Duty to express, in the strongest Terms, their Abhorrence of the Proceedings of the late tumultuous Assemblies, and of the criminal

Acts

Goooolt

20 Geo. III.

t® — 6°

Acts, of Outrage and Violent^ committed by them, yet that they rauft equally guard against any ill Consequences which mav arise to the Liberties and Civil Constitution of this Country, by the Emp.oyment of the Military Force, unconneftedly with the Civil Magistrates, for the Suppression of such Tumults: That it

/*« 9 37

Alderman Wooldridge, dated Whitehall, z6th June,

And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Alderman dridge to Lord Amherji, dated 17th June, 1780: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from Lord to Mr.

appears to His faithful Commons, that the ilLiing Ge- Alderman Wooldridge, dated Whitehall, the 17th June, neral Orders to all His Majesty’s Officers throughout 1780

the Kingdom, to proceed in the Suppression Suppression of Tumults by an immediate Exerrion of their uimost Force, without waiting for the Directions of the Civil M.igi if rates, is, in its Effect, nothing less than the Subveriion of the Civil M igiftracy of this Country, in respect to the Prc-servation of the Public Peace, and tire Substitution a Military Government at Discretion in its Place 5 That such Principles are fundamentally repugnant to the Spirit of this Constitution, and to the Provisions of an Act: of Parliament, passed in the first Year after the Accef-iion of His Majesty’s Family to the Throne of thele Kingdoms, intituled, "An Act for preventing Tumules and riotous Afleniblies, and for the more speedy " and effectual punishing the Rioters," by which Act such Magistrates as are inverted with the Civil Power after Proclamation made (or prevented by Violence from being made) are, according to their Judgment and Discretion, authorized and empowered to command all His

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the Laid Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers arc preferred amongst the other Papers of this Section.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yovisy 6° die Julii; Anno 20° Georgii JIIii> Regis, 17S0.

Puyerj.

Majesty’s Subjects of Age and Ability to be assisting to That this House will,-at the Riling

fn*m HP r\ 1 — Fic i a tliot 1* * i c t *A. »- d,. *-1 ' „ I 11

them: To represent to His Majesty, that it is the most alarming of all possible Considerations to His faithful Commons, to see the Civil Power superseded by the Military by a General Order throughout the Kingdom, in Consequence of which the Military now remains un

of the House this Dav, adjourn till Saturday Morn- Adjournment. tng next.

Resolved, Nomine Contradicente, an humble Ad-drels be presented to His Majesty, That He will be gra-

der Orders to act without waiting for Directions from ciously plea to order an Account to be taken of the

the Civil Magistrates: That His faithful Commons, in thele Circumstances, think it their indispensable Duty to their Country, which they represent, most earnedjy to reoueft of His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to take thele Things into Hi $ Consideration, and to give a suitable Relief to His People, by re-

LolTes and Damages which any of His Subjects have sustained by reason of the late rebellious Insurrections, and to direct that the same be laid before this House at the Opening of the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be pleased to

AddreSes;

Comnenhuott of LotTr* from the late Riot*)

for Building

placing the Military Force as usual under the Direction give Directions for the purchasmgfome convenient Place, of the Civil Power, for the Purpose of suppressing Tu- on which a Building may be erected, for the better Pre- f a

inn Itc <inrl rmtrmc oerAivJintY tI ou/f fr K/» Imirrvilc onr^ otnpr Pon^rc nAlcmmnrr.

inults and riotous Assemblies, according to the Laws and Constitution of these King

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas \Six P

iiieisior I’{ Mr. Hartj

Tellers for the Noes, J Th 7

/Sir Grey Cooper: J

2>o it passed in the Negative.

6.

S°-

Papers ftipefting the Riots :a London♦

servation of the Journals and other Papers belonging to tj,c Journals this House; and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good the Expences attending the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for repairing or rebuilding the Prison of The Marshajta of the Court of King’s Bench; and to allure His Majesty, that the Expence which be incurred on tins Account, lhaiJ be made good to His Majesty by this House.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His

for

repairing

the

Marflialfta,

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copies of Letters from Mr. Alderman Wooldridge Majesty’s Aloft honourable Privy Council, to Lord Amherji, and from Lord Amherji to Mr. Aldenmn Wooldridge, relative to the late The House proceeded to take into Confederation, the Riots and Tumults, between the id and 27th Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled

Days of June, iySo; viz. N° r. Copy of a Letter from

Mr. Alderman Wooldridge to Lord Amherji; And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Alderman Wooldridge to Lord Amherji: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Alderman Wooldridge to Lord Amherji: And also,

N"4. Copy of a Letter from Lord Amherji to Mr. Alderman Wooldridge, dated Whitehall, 9th June,

And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Alderman Wooldridge co Lord Amherji, dated pth June, j 780: And alto,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from the Inhabitants of the Ward of Bridge Within to Lord Amherji, dated 19th June, 1780, and delivered to Lord Amherji by Mr. Alderman Wooldridge: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Amherji to Mr. Voi. 37.

Glovce!}?r Gaol zed

An Act for creding a New GaoJ and House of Correction, and for removing certain Gateways, in the City Streeti>&c< of Gloucester;and for amending the several Acts passed

for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the Streets there.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followed; viz.

Leave out from " Justices" to " Witnesses," in Pr. Line 14.

After ‘rnotwithstanding," inf'ert the following Proviso;

" Provided, That nothing herein " contained shall extend to charge " the Parish of Saint Catherine " yond what the same was liable " to pay before the pafEng of this " Act."

11 F The

Pr. 55. 1. 57. Pr. 47. 1, 36.

ttl>U in

I onclon;

Kill \ o remedy

I cC «;tyciiteucc i i Uaolers, lCQ.

Horlhtm

Writ,

Answer to

Addroli

respecting Dr. J. C. Smith.

038 6° — 8° . 1780.

The fin! of the said Amendments being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment being read a Second Time$

The Amendments following were proposed to be *iade thereunto; viz.

To leave out from the Word " extend" to the End of the Amendment, and to insert the Words " or be " construed to extend to prevent the Surveyors of the " said Parish of Saint Catherine, ofherwil'e " from acting jointly with the said Overseers, if any " such Surveyors are, or shall be hereafter appointed *l by virtue of the said recited Act, or of this Act," instead thereof.

And the same were, upon the Quefcion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, lb amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir George do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House h^h agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill, with several Amendments to One of them; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee* of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience which may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors Prisoners, or others, by the Prisoners in several Gaols in the Counties of Middle [ex and Surrey, and the City of London, having been let at Liberty during the late Tumults and Iniuneftions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amend* ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

- And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refoiued, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Horsham, in the County of SuJJ'ex, in the room of James Esquire, who, since

his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Attorney-General to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning, next. Ten of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 8* die Julii;

Anno 20* Georgii IIItH Regis, 1780. Prayers.

MR. Comptroller of the Household reported to the House, That their Address of lad

(that His Majesty would be graciouffy pleated to take the M.rits of Doctor James Carmichael Smith into His Royal Consideration, and to confer upon him such Mark of Mis Majesty’s Favour, as His Majesty in lib Royal Goodness may think fit) had been pre-16

fented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will take the same into Consideration.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household also reported to the House, Thar their Addrelics of '2hi.r[day iall (that His Majesty would be graciouffy pi afied to order an Account to be taken of tire Losses and Carnages which any of His Subjects have sustained by real'on of the late rebellious Insurrections, and to direct that the same be hid before this House at the Opening of the next Session of-Parliament; and alto, that His Majesty would be graciouffy pleased to give Directions for the purchasing some convenient Place, on which a Building may be erected, for the better Preservation of the Journals and other Papers belonging to this House, and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good the Expences attending the fame; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously plealed to give Directions for repairing or rebuilding the Prison of The Marshalsea of the Court of King's Bench, and to allure His Majesty that the Expence which shall be incurred on this Account Hull be made good to His Majesty by this I Joule) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He 'will give Directions as desired by the said AUdrefils.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly-neux. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to at* tend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal A lie at to the Public Bill following; viz.

An Act; to prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience which may arise to Sheriff's toilers Suirors, Pri-foneis, or otheis, by the P ikmera in several Gaols in the Counties of Midd.’efex an»l Surrey, and the City of London, having been let at Lioerty during the late Tumults and Insurrections.

After wh'ch, His Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as iollowech; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It gives Me great Satisfaction to find Myself able to determine this long Session of Parliament, that you may be at Liberty to return to your several Counties, and attend to your private Affairs, after so laborious a Discharge of your Duty in the Public Service; and I take this Occasion to express My sincere Acknowledgment for the fresh Proofs you have given Me of your affectionate Zeal for the Support of My Government, and of your just Estimation of the real and permanent Iff-terefts of your Country.

Your Magnanimity and Perseverance in the Profecu* tion of this just and necessary War have enabled Me to make such Exertions as will, I trust, by the Assistance of Divine Providence, dilappoint the violent and uri-just Deligns of My EnemTes, and bring them to listen to equitable and honourable Terms of Peace.

These Exertions have already been attended with Success by Sea and Lind; and the late important and prosperous Turn of Affairs 1:1 America, 1:7yc Is the

fairest Prospect of the returning Loyalty and A fleet ion of Mf Subjects in the Colonies, and of their happy Re-union with their Parent Country.

Gentlemen of the Hcmfe of Commons,

1 feel Myfeif under particular Obligations to thank

you

Answer to

A -.i dIV 1

Royal Ailw iR :o a BUI.

TV K'n^s Speccfl.

Parliament

prorogued*

20 Geo. III. 8°

you for the larre and ample Supplies you have so cheer-l*.lly gn.r.ted, and for the Confidence you repose in Me. No Attention shall be wanting, on My Part, to render then eft'. dual, and to fee them faithfully applied.

fourth Day of August next, to be then here hoidett; and this Parlament is accordingly prorogued to day the Twenty-fourth Day of Au»ujl next.

Mv L 'rds, and Gentlemen,

Let Me earneRly recommend to you to aflid Me, by your Influence and Authority in yourfeveral Counties, as you have by your unanimous Support in Parba--rocm, in guarding the Peace of the Kingdom from fu*» ture Diflnrbances, and watching over the Preservtion of the Public Safety. Make My People sensible of the Ha: |-iriels they etj< y, and the distinguished Advantages they derive from our excellent Constitution in Church and State. Warn them of the Hazard of Innovation; po nt out to them the fatal Consequences of such Commotions as have lately been excited; and let it be your Care to imprd’s on their Minds this important Truth, That rebellious In'urretflii ns to relict, or to reform the Laws, mud end either in the Destru<fl*ion of the Pi rlons who make the Attempt, or in the Sub-\erflon of our free and happy Cunstitution.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Ma' jetty’s Command, laid.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued to Thursday the Twenty-

Jovis, 2 40 Augujli;

Anno ao* Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1780.

THE House being met, pursuant to the lad Prorogation;

A MefDge was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday the Twenty-eighth Day of next:

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Twenty-eighth Day ot September next.

Parliament

further

prorogued*

Vou 3 7.

[Index removed.]

